Heart disease is still the No. 1 cause of death for men and women in the United States. Hypertension or abnormally high blood pressure is preventable, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommend small changes to take charge of your heart health.
Ways to prevent heart disease include monitoring sodium intake. Approximately 90 percent of Americans intake more sodium than is recommended for a healthy person. Reducing sodium intake will result in blood pressure decreasing within weeks on average for those with hypertension. The most common form of sodium is salt; however, some products that are marketed as having “no salt” may still contain sodium. The best way to know is by checking the food label. Additionally, make sure you're consuming plenty of fruits and vegetables daily.
Take steps to quit smoking. Stopping smoking can take a while and possibly multiple attempts, but keep trying. If you are seeking help to quit smoking contact Sherry Hayman, Tobacco Cessation Nurse at the Health Department. She is available for cessation counseling and to help you reach your goal.
If you are already on medication for a condition such as hypertension, take your medication as prescribed. Following your doctor's orders could result in better health outcomes. Not adhering to orders could result in the medications not working, or potentially worse health outcomes. It's always best to discuss any concerns related to medication with your Doctor or Pharmacist.
Checking your blood pressure regularly can give you an idea of your heart health. The Health Department offers regular BP checks on an appointment basis. Call 740-992-6626 to schedule with a nurse. You can also track you blood pressure using the Check. Change. Control. Tracker from the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association at http://www.ccctracker.com. Did you know last year the American Heart Association released new blood pressure guidelines lowering the guidelines for hypertension? The blood pressure guidelines were lowered from 140/90 to 130/80 mm Hg. The American College of Cardiology says the new guidelines account for complications that can occur at lower numbers and to allow for earlier intervention.
In honor of American Heart Month, schedule a visit with your doctor even if you are not sick. It is important to schedule a regular check up with your Primary Care Provider to discuss your health goals.
If you'd like to get involved in chronic disease prevention efforts in your community contact Laura Cleland, Creating Healthy Communities Project Director at the Meigs County Health Department, 740-992-6626 or laura.cleland@meigs-health.com
senior portraits, professional portrait http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_Laura-Cleland-Health-Educator201822834512.jpg senior portraits, professional portrait
Meigs Health Matters
By Laura Cleland Contributing Columnist
Laura Cleland is the Creating Healthy Communities project director at the Meigs County Health Department.
Laura Cleland is the Creating Healthy Communities project director at the Meigs County Health Department.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mark Foster has said he felt like he was “standing on the edge of a cliff” as he decided to come out as gay aged 47 .
The swimming legend said he took the brave step to encourage others to do the same and people have been very supportive.
But he added: “There's still a long way to go. Especially in sport, because we know it's the last bastion.”
Mark, who made his revelation earlier this month, had kept his sexuality from the public but his family and friends knew.
He said: “It was like standing on the edge of a cliff, making that step. From an early age I got used to telling half-truths. I've hidden it so long.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Getty Images Sport)
“But it's not like I've been a tortured soul, completely living a lie. I was just not being truthful.
“When you hear about other countries, how it's not alright to be gay, if I can make a difference then great.”
Speaking at the Winq Magazine Awards, he added: “I truly believe love conquers all and that the truth will set you free.”
Mark set eight world records as a freestyle and butterfly sprinter, won six world titles, 11 European Championship golds, two Commonwealth golds and went to five Olympics.
He carried the Team GB flag at Beijing 2008.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Campaigners are demanding a freeze on train fares and public ownership of the railways on the day a near 4% increase for next year will be announced.
The rise, which is pegged to inflation, is expected to be around 3.9% making it the highest increase for five years and outstripping wages by double.
The increase applies to regulated rail fares, like season tickets and standard returns, which make up almost half of all fares and have been capped at the previous July's Retail Price Index (RPI), which is revealed today.
But critics say the RPI should be scrapped as a measure and replaced with the lower Consumer Price Index.
Pressure group, We Own It, the voice for passengers who want public ownership of the railways, says bringing rail franchises into government hands one at a time could see regulated fares cut by 30%.
Cat Hobbs, Director of We Own It said: “Fares have spiralled out of control and this latest increase is beyond a joke.
“It's time to stop giving train companies the green light to rip off passengers. The government needs to step in, freeze fares and start bringing franchises into public ownership. If we stop wasting money on shareholder profits, we can give passengers a better deal.”
And the Campaign for Better Transport is calling on the government to hold regulated rail fares at their current level and then rethink the way it calculates fares in future to help millions of part-time workers.
Stephen Joseph, Chief Executive of Campaign for Better Transport, said: “This rise will be the highest since 2013 and will leave many commuters struggling to meet the cost of their commute next year.
“That's why we want the Government to bring in a fares freeze for January; it's frozen fuel duty for the last seven years and we think rail fares should be given the same treatment.”
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has promised to take back control of rail into British public ownership as franchises expire.
Andy McDonald MP, Labour's Shadow Secretary of State for Transport, said:”With rail fares soaring ahead of wage growth, the Government simply can't justify allowing passengers to be ripped-off under privatised rail.
“It is outrageous that UK commuters pay over the odds in order to subsidise travel in France, Germany, Holland and Italy and generate huge profits for private train companies.
“The Tories ought to be standing up for the interests of the travelling public rather than the private and foreign state-owned companies who run our railways.
Last night Manuel Cortes, general secretary of the TSSA rail union, said:”Dick Turpin had the decency to wear a mask when he fleeced his passengers.
“Today train companies, with the government's blessing, hide behind the Retail Price Index to flush ever more money out of hard-pressed passengers to swell their own profit margins.
“I'm yet to hear of the privatised company that says fares shouldn't go up because their services - as most regular commuters will tell you - have declined under privatisation.
“When the Tories passed legislation which allowed rail fare hikes year in year out, they made legal one of the greatest train robberies in railway history.”
A spokesman for the Rail Delivery Group, which represents Network Rail and train companies, said:”Money from fares is supporting one of the biggest programmes of investment in the railway since Victorian times."
© Thomas Peter / Reuters
Beginning in January, Senate Bill 54 , dubbed the California Values Act, will prohibit local law enforcement from asking about immigration status "during routine interactions" or complying with "unconstitutional" detainer requests from federal immigration officers.In a signing statement accompanying the bill, Brown explained that the bill also prohibits the federal government from using local authorities "to do the work of immigration agents."Law enforcement officers will also be prohibited from detaining an individual on a hold request from the federal government unless there is a felony or warrant, or they have been convicted of one of 800 crimes listed in the state's TRUST Act Additionally, officers will be prohibited from arresting an individual solely based on a civil immigration warrant, becoming deputized as immigration agents, or participating in joint task forces with the federal government if the primary purpose is immigration enforcement.Last month, US Attorney General Jeff Sessions publicly urged Brown to veto the bill, calling it "unconscionable."citing a connection between illegal immigrants and increases in violent crime.This is not the first time the nation's most populous state has defied the federal government. In 1996, California became the first US state to legalize medical marijuana. Since then, 29 states and the District of Columbia have passed laws legalizing marijuana in some form.according to the National Conference of State Legislators "Sanctuary policies endanger us all, and especially the federal immigration officers who are forced to pursue criminal aliens outside of jails and prisons," Sessions said in a speech to federal law enforcement officials in September.Sessions has threatened to withhold federal grants to "sanctuary jurisdictions" that do not allow federal immigration authorities access to local jails and give the Department 48 hours notice before releasing anyone wanted for immigration violations. That policy was temporarily blocked by a federal judge after being challenged by the city of Chicago, Illinois.However,Federal immigration officers are "free to use their own considerable resources" when enforcing federal law in the state. Brown also said that the bill does not prohibit local sheriffs from cooperating with deportation proceedings from federal immigration officers or letting them into their jails to conduct interviews."These are uncertain times for undocumented Californians and their families, andBrown wrote in his signing message.In the weeks after the November 2016 presidential election, California Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon introduced Senate Bill 54 as a direct response to President Donald Trump's campaign policies on immigration."We will not stand idly by as President Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions seek to divide this nation by scapegoating honest, hardworking families and casting immigrants as threats to be neutralized," de Leon said in a statement following Brown's signing.Asked for a comment about the bill, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the Trump administration is "spending every day we can try to find the best way forward. The President will be laying out his responsible immigration plan over the next week," Huckabee Sanders said at Thursday's press briefing . "And I hope that California will push back on their governor's, I think, irresponsible decision moving forward."More than 10 million immigrants live in California, more than any other state in the US, according to the American Immigration Council . There are an estimated 2.3 million undocumented immigrants living in the state, according to the Public Policy Institute of California (PPIC), a nonprofit, nonpartisan think tank.The other bills prohibit landlords from reporting their undocumented tenants, ban employers from authorizing federal immigration raids at the workplace, and allow students whose parents were deported to continue attending California schools."This action protects public safety and ensures hard-working people who contribute to our state are respected," Brown said in a statement Since Trump was elected US president, there have been three different ballot initiatives that would require the state Legislature to ask Congress for a federal constitutional convention in order to make California an independent state. The measure, known as "Calexit," gained support from one-third of residents in the Golden State, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll in January.
“Is Santa Claus Real?”…answers to some of those tough questions:) [list & video]
So the kiddos, they're VERY curious this time of year, especially when it comes to SANTA CLAUS. And really
“How does he get around the world in one night?”
“Why does he have the same wrapping paper as parents?”
And the big one…
“Is the SANTA at the mall the real one?
So here are answers to some of those SANTA questions to help get your started (HERE).
And I love this…
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies.To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy
“The lower the number the better the rate you can get on insurance,” Dybdal said at the Dec. 27 Morris City Council meeting.
The department's rating was reduced from 6/9X to 5/5X. “My goal was to get it down a point,” Dybdal said of the ISO rating.
Dan Mahoney of Midwest Insurance in Morris said the “better the rating, the more dynamic and the better the fire department is. If a rating improves it should definitely have a positive effect on insurance premiums.”
“The thinking behind using ISO ratings is this: The better equipped a community is to fight fires, the less likely it is that homes and businesses in your area will sustain major fire damage,” a Jan. 17, 2012, story on insurancequotes.com said.
.
The 5 rating applies to the Morris city limits and the 5X applies to properties that are served by the Morris Fire Department outside the city limits.
“It took a lot of work to do it but it's worth it if it reduces (insurance) rates,” Dybdal said.
Council member Bill Storck said at the Dec. 27 meeting the city's work to loop water lines also helped improve the fire department's ISO rating.
Dybdal agreed and added improvements in emergency dispatch also contributed to the lower rating.
This was the fire department's first ISO review since 1998, Dybdal said.
The new rating will be effective April 1.
Dybdal said property owners should contact their insurance providers about the new ISO rating.
Arsene Wenger faces the media on Friday morning ahead of Arsenal's clash with Everton.
The Gunners were the big spenders on deadline day as they broke their transfer record to sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
He arrived at the Emirates in a £56m deal but that wasn't the only good news at the Emirates.
Arsenal have also tied Mesut Ozil down to a new deal, worth a staggering £350,000-a-week, making him their highest-paid player.
That's off-field issues dealt with but there are problems on it with Arsenal losing Swansea on Tuesday night.
Everton are in town this weekend and the Toffees have a shocking record in north London.
Wenger will be discussing all those details and much more today.
Susana the ''mermaid bride'' married her husband Jovany in the ocean off the coast of the Mexican island of Cozumel.
One couple was able to make their dream of a "mermaid" wedding in the ocean a reality, even though they were told it would be impossible.Susana of Newton, New Jersey and Jovany of Medellin, Colombia were married off the coast of the Mexican island of Cozumel. They had a vision to get married in the water itself rather than just beside it. Susana said water has always been important to her."I have always loved the water. I'm a scuba diver and was fortunate enough to grow up with a pool in the backyard and the sea not far away," she said. "My happiest days were always in the water."A wedding planner had said that it would be too logistically complicated to have their wedding, complete with more than 100 guests, in the ocean, so the couple began to consider having a traditional beach wedding.But their photographer, Sol Tamargo, was excited by the idea of photographing such a wedding. She convinced them that their dream wedding was worth the extra planning."Doing something out of the ordinary is challenging but we live for these unique moments - the more 'impossible' the better!" she said.It took two boats and a catamaran to transport the guests. A photography team of eight people used underwater cameras and drones to capture the beautiful scenery, the bride's pink "mermaid" dress and all the intimate moments of their special day.
The Anne Arundel County Police have made an arrest in the murder of Andrew Samir Mehany Kolta who was murdered outside of his apartment in the Village at Waugh Chapel on January 28th.
Homicide Detectives interviewed several witnesses in the Waugh Chapel area around the time of the murder involving Mr. Kolta. In doing so they were able to develop persons and a vehicle of interest. One of the persons of interest was positively identified as Dwayne Stephen Commock, an eighteen year old male from the 17000 block of Aspen Leaf Drive, Bowie, Maryland. Detectives learned Dwayne Commock was wanted on an outstanding warrant for Violation of Probation out of Garrett County.
On Thursday, February 1, 2018 at approximately 3:15 p.m., members of the Anne Arundel County Police Fugitive Apprehension Team assisted by the Western District Tactical Patrol Unit located Dwayne Commock along with three other individuals inside the vehicle of interest. Dwayne Commock was taken into custody without incident in the 1500 block of November Circle, Silver Spring, Maryland.
Detectives conducted interviews throughout the evening and night and these interviews produced evidence that positively identified Dwayne Commock as the person who shot and killed Mr. Kolta during an armed robbery. Two other individuals were positively identified as being involved in the robbery/murder of the victim and also taken into custody. They were identified as Shamar Terrence Hamm, a twenty two year old male from the 15000 block of Plumwood Court, Bowie, Maryland, and Celeste Maureen Long, a twenty year old female from the 3800 block of Early Glow Lane, Bowie, Maryland. All three of the suspects were charged with the First and Second Degree Murder of Andrew Kolta.
During the execution of multiple search warrants a handgun was recovered from the suspect's vehicle which was consistent with the same characteristics as the weapon used to shoot and kill Mr. Kolta. This investigation revealed this was a crime of opportunity/random act of violence as the facts indicated it to be a citizen robbery/murder.
The Anne Arundel County Police urges citizens to always remain vigilant and aware of your surroundings at all times. Here are some safety tips to help prevent you from becoming the victim of a crime:
Always be aware of your surroundings, vigilant of activity around you and attentive to individuals approaching. Walk purposefully and with confidence. If you think someone is following you, switch directions or cross the street. If the person continues to follow you, move quickly toward an open store or restaurant or a lighted house. Don't be afraid to yell for help.
Do not allow yourself to be distracted by activity such as talking on your cell phone, listening to music or reading. Protect your electronics by not displaying them.
Try to travel with others, walk in well-traveled areas, and at night in well-lighted areas.
Do not use ATMs that are located in remote areas. Use ATMs during the daylight hours in well-populated areas.
Do not display large amounts of cash when paying for items, and do not display exces­sive jewelry/clothing.
Make sure you have your key out as you approach your door. Always lock your car, even if it's in your own driveway; never leave your motor running.
If someone tries to rob you, give up your property—don't give up your life. If you are robbed or assaulted, report the crime to the police. Try to describe the attacker accurately. Your actions may help prevent someone else from becoming a victim.
As the investigation continues to develop the Anne Arundel County Police Department urges anyone with information on the murder of Andrew Kolta to contact the Anne Arundel County Homicide Unit at 410-222-4731. Anyone wishing to remain anonymous may contact the Anne Arundel County Police Tip Line 410-222-4700 or Metro Crime Stoppers.
Source : AACoPD
Related
Category: Crime News, NEWS, Post To FB
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of a pensioner who died in hospital after mistakenly drinking a bottle of hand sanitiser has agreed an out-of-court settlement, it's emerged.
John Haughey, 76, was in a confused state when he drank a full 535ml bottle of Purell hand sanitiser which was attached to his bed, Hull Royal Infirmary on September 2015.
It is believed he was suffering from a chest infection when he was admitted onto one of the hospital's wards five days earlier.
After quickly losing consciousness Mr Haughey developed bronchopneumonia due to acute alcohol toxicity.
A legal investigation found that staff failed to act appropriately in the wake of the incident, reported the Hull Daily Mail .
(Image: SWNS)
'They had a big kiss and passed away holding hands': Loving couple, 91, die together in rare double euthanasia
Today Mr Haughey's daughter, Diane Atkin criticised hospital bosses, saying it was “an accident waiting to happen”.
She said: "What hurt us more though was the fact that we were shown no respect and my father suffered from such poor care.
"He went into hospital for his safety, rapidly went downhill and never came out.
"We asked questions afterwards but never got answers. It was only when we had the inquest that the NHS were forced to answer questions by the coroner and we started to find out what went wrong.
"Before that we just hit a brick wall."
Hudgell Solicitors , which represented the family, said Mr Haughey ingested so much alcohol that it was "certain to lead to him becoming unconscious and needing breathing support."
Despite this, no immediate action was taken by medical teams to assist his breathing.
(Image: Google Street view)
'Healthy and happy' six-year-old schoolboy sent home from hospital with Calpol died from sepsis days later
At the inquest into his tragic death, a pathologist said: “Mr Haughey had consumed the equivalent to a litre of gin, and it was therefore only safe to assume the worst.
"Independent medical experts told the inquest that it should have been assumed that he could become unconscious within the next hour or two, at which time there would have been a risk of aspiration."
Mike Wright, executive chief nurse for Hull and East Yorkshire Hospitals NHS Trust, said: "We would like to offer our apologies and our sincere condolences to Mr Haughey's family for their loss and for the distress they have experienced.
"Whilst acknowledging that the standard of care provided did not meet that which the trust strives to achieve, we hope Mr Haughey's family take comfort from knowing that subsequent actions taken by the trust have been robust, and that the coroner is satisfied that those actions will prevent similar incidents."
Since Mr Haughey's death, Hull and East Yorkshire Hospitals NHS Trust has introduced lockable wall mounted dispensers and issued staff with personal mini bottles of hand wash.
Good afternoon and welcome to The Point! We had lunch with Nassau County Executive Laura Curran and some members of her administration on Wednesday. Continue reading below to see what she shared with us.
Click here to subscribe to The Point.
Daily Point
Curran's agenda
Nassau County Executive Laura Curran and her top deputies visited the Newsday editorial board Wednesday afternoon to discuss the county's agenda in Albany, which focuses on state legislative fixes that could help to improve Nassau's broken assessment system.
But Curran also talked about other topics, including her upcoming collective bargaining efforts with police and other municipal employees, the state of affairs at the Nassau University Medical Center and the Nassau Regional Off-Track Betting Corp.
And, of course, it wouldn't be a conversation about Nassau County without talk of the Nassau Hub.
Curran told The Point that the county plans to release a request for expressions of interest, or RFEI, as soon as next week. It will ask developers, corporate executives and others to weigh in with broad ideas and general thoughts on what should be done with 77 acres the county owns around the Nassau Coliseum. Because it's not asking for a detailed plan or schematics for the property, the request will have a short reply window — likely 30 to 45 days.
“It casts a very wide net,” Curran said. “I'm really hopeful we're going to get some great ideas out of it.”
The request, Curran and Deputy County Executive Helena Williams said, comes as the county hopes to market a piece of the property to an employer in life sciences, biotechnology or related industries. That, they said, could complement the Island's academic and medical institutions, from Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory to Hofstra University's medical school. They hope a life-sciences employer at the Hub, combined with the potential for additional development, would be enough to allow state officials to turn over $85 million in state funds earmarked for parking garages if and when there's a “transformative” plan for the Hub.
Just in case anyone's counting: Curran's RFEI will be the fourth in an alphabet soup of county requests since 2005 — all of which have sought similar input on the Hub's future.
Randi F. Marshall
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHULA VISTA, Calif. - Volunteers tracked down a missing dog thought to be lost and hurt after being ejected from vehicle involved in a crash with an alleged drunk driver in Chula Vista.
Gunner, a 7-year-old chocolate lab, was ejected from a vehicle involved in a traffic crash late Saturday night in Chula Vista. The dog was feared hurt, alone and lost in a nearby canyon.
Volunteers jumped in and found the dog Monday and reunited him with his owner. The animal suffered a few scratches, but overall was located in good shape about a mile from accident scene.
Full story coming...
The White House confirmed Monday morning that President Obama will give his final farewell speech from Chicago's McCormick Place on Tuesday, January 10.President Obama left Hawaii Monday morning where he's been on vacation with family. He will fly to Chicago next week to say goodbye to the American people.The president is choosing his hometown to make his historic farewell remarks. It's set to take place on the evening of January 10 and will be open to the public.In an email from President Obama, he said he just started writing his speech, but he plans to make it a thank you to those who have been with him on what he's calling an amazing journey. He also wants to ensure the smooth transition of power.Donald Trump is set to be inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States 10 days after this farewell speech.The speech gives President Obama one last chance to define his presidency and how his two terms have reshaped American life.He said, "Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger."The president also said he'll offer some thoughts on where he thinks the country is going in the future.For more information, visit www.whitehouse.gov/farewell/info
FARMINGTON, Conn. (WTNH) — State workers plan to put out a bear trap in Farmington.
This comes after a bear came out of the woods and followed a bike rider on Monday.
The incident happened just after 3 p.m. The bike rider was riding along the Farmington Canal Trail near New Britain Avenue and Oak Ridge Street.
Related Content: Bear cub rescued after head gets stuck in jug
The bike rider and the bear did not make contact.
The bear reportedly went away after a little while. There have not been any previous reports of bear activity in this area.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shirley Ballas is set to return as head judge in the next series of Strictly – despite a backlash from fans who blame her for Brendan Cole being sacked.
Show insiders say Shirley has decided to sign up for another year.
A source said: “She met Strictly bosses this week to thrash out a deal.” But it has been claimed her war of words with Cole is partly to blame for his axing.
They had a prickly exchange after Cole's tango with TV presenter Charlotte Hawkins, with the show stalwart taking umbrage at Shirley's comments.
(Image: PA)
A person called Chris tweeted to Shirley: “Happy now you have got Brendan fired...you have given the show the kiss of death...well done.”
To which Shirley replied: “Do you feel like Charlie Big Potatoes now Chris? R you happy you got that off your chest. You're a bully.”
Another named Tom wrote: “Shame you did not show same commitment to Brendon, shame on you.”
Shirley replied: “No dear Tom. SHAME ON YOU, you have no idea what you are talking about. Get a life.”
Merseyside-born Shirley became head judge last year, replacing Len Goodman.
Despite impressive appearances, there has been much speculation about whether she would return, with Shirley yet to make an official announcement.
Ohio State could have three first-round draft choices. All three are from the secondary.
Cornerback Marshon Lattimore and safety Malik Hooker rank as the best prospects at their positions and are likely top-10 choices. Cornerback Gareon Conley could go late in the first round despite having more experience than either of his more highly-rated teammates.
“If anybody overlooks Gareon, they're going to regret it,” Lattimore said. “He's a great player. I learned from him. I don't know why he's being overlooked, but whoever gets him is going to get a great player.”
The Dallas Cowboys used all but two of their national visits on defensive players. Conley, UCLA's Fabian Moreau, Colorado's Chidobe Awuzie, Washington's Kevin King, Florida's Teez Tabor, Clemson's Cordrea Tankersley and USC's Adoree Jackson were among the cornerbacks who visited The Star.
Conley, who ran a 4.44 at the NFL Combine, isn't as fast as Lattimore (4.36) or as athletic. But he has his strengths, according to CBS Sports draft analyst Dane Brugler: “…natural ball skills with the hand-eye coordination to finish the interceptions that he should – averaged 16.3 yards per interception in 2016, including a touchdown (4/61/1)…well-schooled in press and off man coverages with experience moving inside to cover the slot…displays the downhill burst and chops to be a factor in run support…graduated with a degree in sports industry (Dec. 2016)…voted a team captain in 2016 and started every game for the Buckeyes the past two seasons.”
Conley, who made six interceptions with 21 pass breakups in his two seasons, put it more simply.
“I'm a competitor,” Conley said. “I play hard; I'm coachable; I'm humble and confident.”
Ohio State has had a cornerback selected each of the past three drafts, with Eli Apple going 10th overall to the New York Giants last year, Doran Grant in the fourth round to the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2015 and Bradley Roby 31st overall to the Denver Broncos in 2014. Lattimore will go in the first round next week, and Conley could follow soon after.
“I feel like just the culture and program itself, just the way things were run there like practices,” Conley said. ‘Everything you do, you've got to give your maximum effort, and I feel like there's a high standard. There's no medium, average or low standard. There's such a high standard that you've got to compete with people that are just as good as you so you've got to outwork them.”
Overview
The position is the strongest in this draft. It has star power and depth well into Day 3. Ohio State's Marshon Lattimore likely is the highest-rated cornerback on everyone's draft board. After that, it becomes dealer's choice with plenty of talented cornerbacks ready to be selected.
Cowboys' needs
The Cowboys will have a new look in the secondary after losing Brandon Carr and Morris Claiborne in free agency. Carr never lived up to the five-year, $50.1 million deal he signed in 2012, and Claiborne couldn't stay on the field after the Cowboys made him the sixth overall pick in 2012. But they combined for 23 starts, 92 tackles, two interceptions and 15 pass breakups last season. The Cowboys signed Nolan Carroll in free agency to pair with returnees Orlando Scandrick and Anthony Brown. Pro Football Focus ranked Carroll 92nd among cornerbacks last season, with Carr 51st and Claiborne 12th. Quarterbacks targeted Carroll 87 times and completed 52 passes for 712 yards and four touchdowns against him. The Cowboys will upgrade the position in the draft, possibly using a first-round choice on a cornerback.
Top 5
Marshon Lattimore, Ohio State, 6-0, 193, 4.36, A one-year starter, he had four interceptions and 13 pass breakups last season.
Marlon Humphrey, Alabama, 6-0, 197, 4.41, He had five interceptions and 18 pass breakups in his two seasons as a starter.
Tre'Davious White, LSU, 5-11, 192, 4.47, A four-year starter, he played 49 games with six interceptions and 40 pass breakups.
Gareon Conley, Ohio State, 6-0, 195, 4.44, A two-year starter, he made six interceptions and 21 pass breakups in his career.
Chidobe Awuzie, Colorado, 6-0, 202, 4.43, A four-year starter, he forced more fumbles (5) than he made interceptions (3).
Sleeper
Sidney Jones, Washington, 6-0, 186, 4.47, He was projected as a first-round pick until tearing his Achilles during his Pro Day, which will force him to miss the 2017 season.
Top Texas' ties
Howard Wilson, Houston, 6-1, 184, 4.57, The DeSoto product, projected as a third- or fourth-rounder, made 24 pass breakups and nine interceptions as a two-year starter.
Brendan Langley, Lamar, 6-0, 201, 4.43, The Georgia transfer projects as a fourth- or fifth-rounder after making seven interceptions and 28 pass breakups in his college career.
Brian Allen, Utah, 6-3, 215, 4.43, The LaMarque product, projected as a fifth- or sixth-rounder, moved to defense in 2014 so he is raw.
Ashton Lampkin, Oklahoma State, 6-0, 189, 4.52, The Fort Worth Dunbar product, projected as a late-round pick, made 17 pass breakups and five interceptions.
Source: Heights, weights and 40 times were compiled from CBS Sports analyst Dane Brugler.
© Business Insider
to the security of Russia's three Baltic neighbors amid worries that the United States may not be fully committed to the defense of NATO allies following statements by President-elect Donald Trump.McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said during a visit to Estonia on Tuesday thatHe says the U.S. remains committed to NATO, but that having soldiers assigned to Estonia full-time instead of during rotations would strengthen military ties between the two nations.McCain, a critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin, is touring Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania this week with fellow Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham and Democrat Sen. Amy Klobuchar. The lawmakers also plan to visit Ukraine, Georgia and Montenegro.
CINCINNATI (AP) - Police say at least 12 children have been hospitalized, one in critical condition, after a school bus crashed during a multi-vehicle accident.
Police say two toddlers were hospitalized in serious condition after the car they were riding in was struck Monday afternoon by a car whose 23-year-old driver lost control after passing another vehicle. Police say the car the children were in then struck the school bus, causing it to spin into another car. The driver of the children's car was hospitalized in serious condition.
Some 20 students on a bus serving Pleasant Hill Academy were treated at Cincinnati Children's hospital. A 12-year-old girl was critically injured and the bus driver was hospitalized in fair condition.
Police blame excessive speed and say charges are pending against the passing driver.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
6:35 Hurst, Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
A new ride-sharing company launching in Sydney hopes to shake up the market currently dominated by Uber by offering half-priced fares for one month.
Taxify, which claims to be Europe's fastest-growing ride-sharing app, will begin servicing Sydneysiders from Tuesday morning. It already has more than 4000 drivers registered.
The launch marks the first entry of Taxify into the Australian market.
In an opening swipe at its main rival, the company issued a statement highlighting its commission of 15 per cent, almost half the amount Uber takes from its drivers.
Founder Markus Villig is confident Sydney residents will embrace another ride-sharing option.
"We have based our business model on fairness and transparency," he said in a statement.
"It is because of this that we have had so many drivers sign up to Taxify in such a short space of time."
The app already operates in 20 countries around the globe.
Trade and Industry Minister Niall Blair welcomed the investment in NSW.
"This is a sign of confidence from a major player that overseas investment in NSW is in more demand than ever before," he said.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham Hotspur are ready to do a mega deal and sell Harry Kane to Real Madrid for €200million.
The England hitman has been Real's number one target since he put them to the sword at the Bernabeu earlier in the season.
And now Spurs' ultra tough chairman Daniel Levy is ready to do business with Florentino Perez over their number one target, report Mundo Deportivo.
They say that Levy doesn't want a repeat of the Luka Modric affair - who refused to train with Spurs to push through a move.
And while there is no suggestion Kane would ever do that to the club he has been at since he was was a boy - Levy is willing to do business at around the €200m mark.
That's around £176m.
Perez is looking for a goalkeeper, a centre half and a couple of 'Galaticos' for the attack - something Kane certainly fits into.
But Levy will want the business to do be done quickly so he can reinvest the money, claim Spanish sources.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Gossip from Saturday's Daily Mirror
Raheem Sterling claims Manchester City are being “butchered” by the Premier League's hatchet men
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has finally admitted he made a £60m mistake not selling striker Alexis Sanchez last summer
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Javier Hernandez admits asking West Ham for a January transfer but says he'll give everything to their relegation battle now he is staying
Antonio Conte is “still a candidate” for the Italy job, despite claiming he will finish the remaining 18 months on his contract as Chelsea manager
Transfer gossip from other papers and websites
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Former Everton and Southampton manager, Ronald Koeman, will be named the new coach of the Netherlands next Friday (De Telegraaf)
Roma and Belgium midfielder Radja Nainggolan, 29, says he could spend his entire career at the club and reject overtures from Chelsea (Sky Sports Italia)
French striker Karim Benezema is house hunting in London as he looks to tie up a move to Arsenal (Daily Star)
NEW DELHI: The National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) will on Thursday conduct a mock exercise on earthquake preparedness in three North Eastern States - Tripura, Nagaland, Mizoram. The exercise, which is being held in collaboration with the respective State Disaster Management Authorities (SDMAs), will help to participate agencies and stakeholders in evaluating the effectiveness of their disaster response plans.
This exercise is significant as the participating States fall under seismic vulnerability zone V.
In the run-up to the exercise, orientation-cum-coordination conferences were held on April 12, 2018 at the State Capitals for working out the detailed modalities and preparations required for the Mock Exercise. Concerned officials from various stakeholder departments such as the Army, Health, Police, Firefighting, Civil Defense, Transport, Electricity, Public Relations and Traffic Control attended these preparatory conferences.
Preparedness measures required to be taken at individual, societal and institutional levels to minimise the effects of an earthquake were discussed. NDMA experts briefed the stakeholders on the Incident Response System (IRS), which attributes roles and responsibilities at each level to improve coordination. This helps enhance preparedness and ensure a swift response by reducing adhocism in response.
Table Top Exercises will be conducted in all the three States before the actual mock exercise. The mock exercise will be followed by a detailed debriefing session where gaps and shortcomings, if any, for improving preparedness will be discussed. Independent observers will be deployed to monitor the entire exercise.
The exercise will help in filling gaps, ensuring better communication and improving coordination among various stakeholders and agencies. It will also generate awareness among the local population about the Do's and Don'ts to be followed before, during and after an earthquake.
Capacity building and improving disaster preparedness is an ongoing exercise. NDMA has so far conducted more than 600 mock exercises for various disaster situations across the country in its efforts to improve preparedness and response during for various disaster situations.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Little Jay Crouch is called “super-human” by his mum after having five organs transplanted in one op.
The seven-year-old is one of the youngest patients in the world to have the “incredibly rare” procedure.
He received two kidneys, a liver, a pancreas and a small intestine from an even younger donor child.
The five organs were removed in one “block” – meaning there were just six connections needed to attach them to Jay's arteries in the ten-hour operation at Birmingham Children's Hospital.
He is learning how to eat and swallow, starting with a slice of buttered toast.
The young Leicester City fan had been in and out of hospital his entire life after his small intestine twisted and died when he was just six weeks old.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
His internal organs were so badly damaged he had to be fed through a tube in his stomach for years.
Jay's mum, Katie Freestone, was told he would die without a transplant.
The 28-year-old got a call in March to say a matching donor – a young child who had died – had been found.
Surgeons warned Katie, from Market Harborough, Leics, that Jay would face months of gruelling recovery.
But he was discharged from hospital this week, just one month after the life-saving transplant took place.
Single mum Katie is backing the Mirror's Change The Law For Life campaign calling for an opt-out system for donation.
She describes Jay as “my little super-human”.
(Image: NHS Birmingham / SWNS.com)
But the full-time carer also constantly thinks about the child whose organs were donated to him.
Hospital bosses have not released any details and it is not known if the child's family know they have saved a life.
Katie told the Mirror: “When I got the call, I cried, because I knew it was a smaller donor and that's so sad.
“You can't express your gratitude enough towards them. There are not enough words.
“Without the organs, Jay would not have survived. Saying thank you really doesn't cover it. We don't know much about the donor at all. All we know is it was a child smaller than Jay.
“If the parents wanted to meet I would love to meet them. But right now I want to leave them to grieve because they have just lost a child.”
Katie suspected there was something badly wrong with baby Jay when he struggled to feed and go to the toilet days after being born.
(Image: Daily Mirror Collect)
Her “world fell apart” when he fell seriously ill aged just six weeks – leaving doctors at Kettering General Hospital baffled at first.
“He suddenly went floppy and lifeless and was vomiting bile,” said Katie, who is separated from Jay's dad.
“We called the ambulance and got him to hospital. It was terrifying as he was such a tiny baby.
“Jay at that time was dying. They did all the tests for meningitis , but didn't check for a bowel problem.
“After quite a few hours he ended up having a cardiac arrest and was fighting for his life. It took four hours for him to be stabilised enough to be transferred to the Leicester Royal Infirmary.
“They still didn't know what was wrong with him so they did some exploratory surgery and discovered the small intestine had died.
“He was then placed on parenteral nutrition feeding into his veins, unable to eat or drink. As a complication, he got kidney failure, which has progressed.
(Image: Daily Mirror Collect)
“The PN feeding also destroyed the liver, so in the summer of 2016 they deemed him poorly enough to go on to the transplant list. We had a wait of 15 months before we got the call.
“For the bowel, it needed to be a small donor, smaller than Jay, because you have to fit the whole small intestine inside. In the last few months his kidneys were really struggling, so if he didn't have the transplant when he did we probably would have lost him.”
The way the op was carried out means Jay now has four kidneys and two pancreases in his body.
He will spend the next six months at home to minimise the risk of infection as his recovery continues.
“He's off [school] for six months because he's immunosuppressed,” said Katie. “We are in isolation to make sure he doesn't pick up anything.”
Speaking about the Mirror's Change The Law For Life campaign, Katie said: “I really support what the Mirror is doing. Hopefully the law will finally be changed. It makes sense for it to be an opt-out system.”
(Image: Daily Mirror Collect)
The surgery is so rare that Birmingham Children's Hospital say it is 20 years since they last carried out a transplant like Jay's. Doctors removed his liver while the kidneys, pancreas, liver and intestine were being removed from the donor.
The new set of organs were attached to Jay's aorta in his stomach, giving him a blood supply from the heart.
The blood went back to heart via the vein coming out of his liver. The small intestine was attached to his bowel and then surgeons had to wait.
Transplant surgeon Khalid Sharif said: “There are two connections from the vessels' points of view. One artery gives the blood to all five organs and one vein takes the blood out of it.
“There are two points to join the intestine and two to join the juice from the new kidneys to the bladder.
“You need to see all the organs linking up together.
“If one is not doing it, that's really heartbreaking, because you do not know what is going on.”
Jay's grandad Tony Freestone, 58, is looking forward to introducing his grandson to the joys of food.
He joked: “I've discussed going for a chicken vindaloo at some point, which he is not so keen on.”
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The UK's largest education provider faced collapse last night, after failing to suppress a damning report.
Learndirect currently has more than 73,000 people on training courses and apprenticeships and employs more than 1,600 people.
On Friday a high court judge rejected their bid to overturn an Ofsted report which is understood to have given them the lowest possible grades. Ofsted say they will publish the report on Thursday.
Apprentices, the report says, are not given enough “off the job training” and management of apprentices is “ineffective”, according to FE Week.
The company, which largely relies on government funding, has been plagued by financial difficulties and falling performance.
(Image: Birmingham Post and Mail)
And they have been accused of lining the pockets of managers and financiers since they were privatised by the Tories in 2011.
The damning report would oblige the Government to witfehdraw more than £100m in public funded contracts, and would force Learndirect to call in the administrators.
The firm argued in court that if the “inadequate” report were released, there was a risk of “irreparable damage” which would have “catastrophic” consequences.
Learndirect's profits dropped from £10m in 2012 to just £1.6m in the year to July 2015, despite an increase in revenues.
During the same period, the firm's parent companies, which are ultimately owned by Lloyds Banking Group, paid out tens of millions in dividends, management fees and interest payments.
April 28 Beauty Forever Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$0.52 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$0.52 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/7iwynN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Neil Patel shares his strategy for seeing real growth in your company.
May 30, 2018 2 min read
When Entrepreneur Network partner Neil Patel wanted to see growth in his company, he knew he had to put every dollar back into his business.
In this video, Patel talks about his plans building his brand in the next five years. His main plan involves growing his brand globally. Steps Patel hopes to take include entering markets that currently have less competition from big firms. Patel sees countries like Brazil, where Google and Facebook have less translated content, as opportunities to gain more social shares and Google rankings.
A strategy that has worked for Patel is putting his money into buying competitors, building his brand and working on global expansion. Significantly, Patel recommends investing every dollar you can. Instead of giving himself a cut of his company's profit, Patel will often put the money into areas of growth.
By taking your money and doubling down on growing your business, it is possible to expand and see real results -- perhaps even create an international brand, like Patel.
Click the video learn more ways to take your business to the level.
Related: Get Ready for AI-Enabled Advertisements -- From Your Fridge
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical. Watch video from our network partners on demand on Roku, Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices.
Click here to become a part of this growing video network.
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United are doing all they can to rush through a deal for Porto's Diogo Dalot in a bid to prevent other European giants entering the fray.
Jose Mourinho is determined to sign the 19-year-old, who can play at either left or right-back, despite the fact that he's only made eight senior appearances.
And ESPN FC report that United are so keen on the youngster - who made his Champions League debut against Liverpool at Anfield in March - they are prepared to pay over the odds for him.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty)
They claim that a clause in Dalot's contract comes into effect on June 1 which will allow him to leave for €20m (£17.5m), at which point the likes of Bayern Munich and Barcelona are ready to pounce.
But United is so keen on Dalot they are willing to pay Porto more than the clause in order to get the deal done.
(Image: Twitter)
Mourinho sees the defender as a key addition to his squad as cover for veteran full-backs Ashley Young and Antonio Valencia, whose time at the club dates back to the days of Sir Alex Ferguson.
The Portuguese boss is also keen on the Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder Fred, while he was pictured in Innsbruck last night watching Austria against Russia amid his apparent interest in West Ham's Marko Arnautovic.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A council estate in one of ­London's most exclusive areas is now in the hands of a City banker and his family thanks to right to buy.
Buy-to-let baron Mukurram Sattar, 68, owns, with his relatives and their firms, the leases to 30 of 35 flats in three blocks at Abercorn in St Johns Wood.
A one-bed flat there tops £500,000.
The family-linked Kunta Kinte Ltd has now put in security entry and a gate, limiting access to what was a public space after Westminster City Council sold it the freehold.
Built in the 1950s, Abercorn is thought to be the first estate bought privately following Margaret Thatcher's right to buy scheme.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The Sattar family began acquiring flats in the 90s for as little as £60,000.
The council now owns just three. Two are in private hands.
Sharon Papapetrou, 50, is one of the three council tenants.
She said: “It's unbelievable. Everyone has been squeezed out.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Labour councillor Paul Dimoldenberg said it summed up “rotten” Tory housing policy.
A spokesman for Mr Sattar and Kunta Kinte Ltd said: “The flats were purchased from former council tenants, in most cases above market price.
"Purchases were made when the flats were in a dilapidated state. But for my clients this estate would be in a sorry state.”
The council said: “The freehold were sold under the statutory right to enfranchise at the full and proper price in 2010.”
DETROIT (WWJ) – Be prepared for the biggest snowfall so far this season.
The National Weather Service has issued a Winter Weather Advisory for all of Southeast Michigan — including Wayne, Oakland, Macomb, Shiawassee, Genesee, Livingston, and Washtenaw counties — in effect from 5 p.m. Monday until 2 a.m. Tuesday.
The NWS says periods of snow will cause travel difficulties throughout the region, after several accidents attributed to slick conditions were reported earlier in the day. There could be some freezing drizzle in the mix early on, and poor visibility at times.
As always, Michigan State Police urge motorists to keep both hands on the wheel and slow down when snow is falling and expect roadways to be slick. Always leave more room between your vehicle and the one in front of you when winter weather strikes.
Holy Cow People! Just a little bit of snow and all kinds of crashes out there! This includes someone driving into the back of an MSP patrol car! Please slow down, increase your driving distance and keep both hands on the wheel! pic.twitter.com/FQADLgZown — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) December 11, 2017
Give yourself more travel time if you're hitting the roads, and expect to encounter backups.
AccuWeather Meteorologist Dean Devore said Monday morning's first big batch of snow would be followed by a short break, with a few flurries, before the next batch hits late in the afternoon.
“Again, in these clipper situations, sometimes you get a little more, a little less,” Devore said. “Overall, slick travel when it is snowing, cold when it's not.”
Know before you go: Keep it tuned to WWJ Newsradio 950 for the latest forecast during traffic and weather, every 10 minutes on the 8s. See the live, local radar at this link and check road conditions here.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
UNITED KINGDOM 12.11.2017 Courtesy Video Natochannel
On any NATO mission throughout the world, the Allied Rapid Reaction Corps is ready to deploy. It's comprised of 1,600 troops from 23 nations and has the ability to lead up to 160,000 soldiers on the ground. Annual exercise ARRCADE FUSION tests their readiness.
The Allied Rapid Reaction Corps, or ARRC, is the high-readiness Land Component Command or Corps HQ for NATO, an operationally effective HQ capable of deploying worldwide on short notice.
A guard opens the gate at the entrance to Camp VI, a prison used to house detainees at the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, March 5, 2013. REUTERS/Bob Strong/File Photo
A U.S. appeals court on Friday blocked the release of classified videos of a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner being force-fed while on a hunger strike, in a ruling that underscored the power of the presidency in national security matters.
A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in Washington unanimously overturned a lower court judge's order to make the videos public.
The case, which began during the presidency of Barack Obama, balanced freedom of the press against national security.
Noting that the 32 videos had been classified as secret, the court said in its ruling that the president had a "constitutional duty to prevent our government's secret information from seeing the light of day, in judicial proceedings or otherwise."
An attorney for several news organizations that had sought the videos' release, David Schulz, called the ruling "troubling" and said he was weighing further steps. The Department of Justice declined to comment.
The case began in 2005 when the former prisoner, Syrian national Abu Wa'el Dhiab, sought to challenge his detention at the prison on the U.S. naval base in Cuba.
Dhiab said the practice of being forcibly removed from his cell, restrained and force-fed through a nasal tube was illegal and abusive. He was released from Guantanamo in 2014 and transferred to Uruguay.
Authorities recorded Dhiab's force-feeding in order to train guards on how to handle such situations, court papers said.
During the litigation, Dhiab's lawyer obtained some of the videos and filed them with the court under seal.
In 2014, 16 news media organizations, including the Associated Press, The New York Times Co, and Reuters, a subsidiary of Thomson Reuters Corp, intervened in the case. They argued that, under the U.S. Constitution's First Amendment - which guarantees freedom of speech and the press - the public had a right to see the videos, now part of a court record.
A federal district judge in Washington originally ordered the videos unsealed in 2014, with redactions to protect the identities of government personnel. The Obama administration appealed.
The government argued that disclosure could increase the risk of detainees and outside militants developing measures to counter guards' techniques. The material could also be used to incite violence against American troops and as propaganda to recruit militant fighters, the government said.
In its Friday decision, the appeals court ruled there were no First Amendment grounds for releasing the videos. "The government's interest in ensuring safe and secure military operations clearly overcomes any qualified First Amendment right of access," the court said.
The case is Dhiab v Trump, in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, 16-5011.
(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage was quizzed by Janet Street-Porter and put through his paces in a quick-fire round of questions from the whole Loose Women panel on today's show.
But it was later in the show where things got a little strange as Janet tried to cleanse his aura, and Kelly Brook attempted to realign his chakras using a very strange technique.
Before the ladies' attention turned to Nigel, the panel described times they have sought alternative medicines and ways to relax and realign themselves with the world.
(Image: ITV)
Janet started off by saying she had her aura cleansed by a woman at her home, and that she stripped completely naked so the magic woman could do her work.
Kelly, on the other hand, said for her it was celebrity astrologer Russell Grant who provided her these spiritual services, after he did a Tarot reading which, she said, many of which came true.
So these alternative therapies and spiritual healings were put to the test when a heavily-scarfed Janet rose to cleanse the aura of Nigel, who had recently returned from a trip to America.
(Image: ITV)
He jokingly reached to remove his jacket, after hearing Janet's story of removing her clothing for her auras to be cleansed.
Then Janet rubbed her hands together and started to stroke the air around Nigel,for which he struggled to keep from smiling.
But the weirdest moment came when Kelly said she would realign his chakras in the same way she had been realigned previously.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
She told him to pull up his shirt, and he laughed heartily before panic set in, as he realised she was serious.
He asked: "Really?"
But Kelly would not be stopped and Nigel started pulling, before which Kelly bent down and placed her lips over his stomach, and blew a raspberry.
(Image: ITV)
Nigel went pinker than the fruit in question at this moment, and the audience, along with fellow panelists Nadia Sawalha and Andrea McLean didn't quite know what to make of the bizarre encounter.
Loose Women airs from 12.30pm weekdays on ITV.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Broadband customers could find it easier to walk away from a contract without penalty if the speed provided is not up to scratch under plans unveiled by the regulator.
Ofcom said the proposed moves should "strengthen the hand" of broadband customers, giving them more realistic information up front before they sign a contract.
It said there can be a mismatch between what broadband customers believe they are buying and what they actually receive.
It is proposing to enhance codes of practice which commit internet companies who have signed up to them to give customers an estimated range of speeds they are likely to receive - as well as the right to exit their contracts penalty-free if their speed falls below a minimum level.
The proposals would give providers up to one month to improve speeds before they must let customers walk away without penalty.
The right to exit would apply, for the first time, to contracts with phone or pay-TV services bought by households alongside broadband.
Ofcom said it expects to publish a final decision on the improved codes of practice early next year.
Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's consumer group director, said: "We plan to close the gap between what's advertised and what's delivered, giving customers a fuller picture before they commit to a contract.
"We're also making it easier to walk away from a contract, without penalty, when companies fail to provide the speeds they promise."
Gillian Guy, chief executive of Citizens Advice, said: "Many people seek our help each year because their slow and intermittent broadband service falls short of what their contract promised.
"For most people, a reliable broadband connection is a necessity - so when they don't get what they've paid for they should always have a quick and easy way out of their contract.
"These changes are an important step in giving consumers more power to hold their broadband provider to account for poor service."
Political Civil War Inside Washington Establishment Reaches Fever Pitch
On today's episode of Loud & Clear, Brian Becker and John Kiriakou are joined by Joe Lauria, a journalist, political commentator, and author of the book "How I Lost, By Hillary Clinton," and Dan Kovalik, a human rights and labor lawyer who is the author of the soon-to-be released book “The Plot to Attack Iran.”
The so-called Russiagate investigation has entered into a new and possibly decisive stage. Former Obama Administration CIA Director John Brennan baited Trump on Twitter, saying that Trump will be cast into the dustbin of history. There are strong indications that Trump and his allies in Congress are moving forward to create a 2nd special counsel investigation-this one to investigate the FBI and other intelligence agencies for allegedly setting up Trump to bring down his administration. What comes next?
Syrian Kurdish forces withdrew from the area around Afrin overnight in northwestern Syria, as Turkish forces and Turkish-backed rebels moved in to occupy it. The Kurds said they would transition to guerrilla warfare and would fight until the Turks are gone. Former UK Ambassador to Syria Peter Ford and Kani Xulam, the founder of the American-Kurdish Information Network, join the show.
Negotiators from the United Kingdom and the European Union agreed this morning that the UK would leave the EU on March 29, 2019, with a grace period for tying up loose ends until December 31, 2019. All negotiations will be completed by this fall to allow national parliaments time to ratify the agreement. Brian and John speak with Alex Gordon, former president of National Union of Rail, Maritime, & Transport Workers.
Today is the first day of a new segment looking at the state of education across the country. What's happening in our schools, colleges, and universities, and what impact does it have on the world around us? Bill Ayers, an activist, educator, and the author of the book "Demand the Impossible: A Radical Manifesto," joins the show.
Today is the 15th anniversary of the start of the Iraq war when US troops invaded Iraq under false pretenses. Fifteen years later, what really happened? What has the result been of this ongoing war? Sputnik news analyst Walter Smolarek joins Brian and John.
Russian President Vladimir Putin won reelection yesterday with some 76 percent of the vote. The reaction in the West was muted, other than scattered media reports of ballot stuffing. Dmitri Babich, a journalist, and commentator with Sputnik International joins the show.
Massive student walkouts swept the country last week, as hundreds of thousands of young people protested gun violence and government inaction. Will their action in the streets be felt in the electoral arena as well? Brian and John speak with Jacqueline Luqman, co-editor-in-Chief of Luqman Nation.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anyone wondering whether David Platt's Corrie rape storyline was just ITV chasing ratings may have got their answer on This Morning yesterday.
As Coronation Street's executive producer Kate Oates fended off claims the soap has become too dark, she argued ratings have gone up, implying that's all that matters.
Ratings are indeed up. But they were worryingly low last year. And Kate has to stop using the fact Dolly-Rose Campbell (Gemma Winter) won Best Comedy Performance at the 2017 British Soap Awards as proof Corrie is still fun.
That was mainly for 2016's episodes. Since then, Gemma's fling with Tyrone has made her a potential home wrecker.
However great the acting – and Jack P Shepherd (David) and Ryan Clayton (Josh Tucker), have been excellent – Corrie is now relentlessly dark and gratuitously violent.
I half-expect Ken Barlow's French lessons to take a dark turn, with him spiking Toyah's croissants.
Corrie should still tackle tough subjects, but it should also accept viewers might be more interested in the Gazette's latest front page, “Lucky The Labrador Is Found”.
Corrie needs to cater for its bread-and-butter viewers, too – or risk losing them forever.
Sgt. Raimundo Jimenez, a water purification specialist with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, passes a plate of food at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:22 Photo ID: 3083023 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-481 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 13.37 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
× 92 Year-Old Furniture Store Going out of Business
HAZLE TOWNSHIP — It was a sign many folks thought they would never see. Nathan's Furniture on Susquehanna Boulevard in Hazle Township is going out of business, after proudly serving the Hazleton area for 92 years.
“I'm here for bargains! I was here the other day,” Mary Martnick said. Martnick lives in West Hazleton and has been shopping at Nathan's for decades. She was back Wednesday for the second time this week to take advantage of the sale prices.
Nathan's Furniture has been in the Lipton family since the 1920s. Ian Lipton took over the business from his father 50 years ago, but now, Mr. Lipton's kids do not want the furniture store in Luzerne County.
“You always want to take care of your customers, and after five generations I still feel that it's going too hard to leave those customers,” Lipton said.
People who have lived here their who lives say Nathan's has always been a staple in the community. In fact, they say they can remember a time when it was really the only thing here, and they can't imagine the building being anything else but the furniture store.
Mr. Lipton says his grandfather would travel from coal mine town to coal mine town in a wagon to sell his furniture.
“People would say Mr. Nathan do you have a sofa for me. And he would say do you want a blue one or a red one. And she'd say, give me a blue one. And that's how we started,” Lipton said, as he looked at his 65,000 square foot store.
Martnick says her husband has lived in Hazleton forever and was shocked to see the going out of business sign go up.
“This has been here since he was small. It's a long time. It's sad to see the old stores closing,” Martnick said.
After 50 years, 14 hours a day and seven days a week of work, Newswatch 16 asked Mr. Lipton what is next for him.
“Things that I'd like to do on my bucket list that hopefully, God will grant me ten good years to do,” Lipton said.
Everything must go before the new owners take over the building at the end of July.
CLEVELAND (WTNH)– A nationwide manhunt has extended into Connecticut. The FBI is now working with police to find the Cleveland, Ohio man who posted a video of killing a man on Easter Sunday.
Police and the FBI are now turning to the public for help in tracking down a man who claims he killed more than a dozen people. We know he killed at least once, because he posted video of it on Facebook.
Related: Multi-state search targets suspect in Facebook video murder
“Found me somebody I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill this guy right here. He's a old dude,” he says in the video.
The video shows Steve Stephens walking up to 74-year-old Robert Godwin, telling him he was going to shoot him because of a woman. He then shoots Godwin in the face, killing him on Easter Sunday. That was one of many disturbing social media posts the 37-year-old made.
Billboards like this now seen in CT as manhunt for the “Facebook Killer” goes nationwide. Details @GMCT pic.twitter.com/rVmvllqrzg — Kent Pierce (@kentpierce8) April 18, 2017
In another, he claims that he has killed 13 people, and he says he is going to keep killing until he is caught. The Godwin shooting happened in Cleveland, but police pinged his cell phone and found him 100 miles further east in Eerie, Pennsylvania Monday. He certainly could have made it as far as the East Coast by now, so you might see Stephens' face on billboards as you head to work Tuesday morning. We found a couple along I-95. They show Stephens and the white Ford Fusion he is driving. It's got temporary Ohio plates.
He's about 6 foot 1, 244 pounds. If you see him, dial 1-800-call-FBI, as it said on the billboard, or just call 911.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest drama from the BBC, written by award-winning Abi Morgan, centres around a successful family of divorce lawyers and the struggles they face at work as they delve into their clients' private lives whilst trying to maintain the perfect balance of compassion and professionalism.
At the core of the plot is Hannah Stern, played by Nicola Walker , who has broken away from the family firm Defoe after her mother refused to hand over control, to join the larger company Noble & Hale.
But while Hannah is dealing with the marital strife of others, she's neglected her own with husband Nathan, played by Stephen Mangan .
The cast is largely female led and according to the Radio Times, 80 per cent of the heads of department in production were female, which is rare for a prime time BBC drama, but perhaps a sign of the changing times.
Let's meet the cast...
Nicola Walker as Hannah Sterne
(Image: BBC)
Nicola is a glamorous, confident lawyer who has bravely jumped ship from the family company to join a rival.
She manages to show her clients a warm side as she keeps up the professionalism required in such a responsible position. Nicola met some real life lawyers to research the role.
Whlie she may be an expert at work, her home life needs more attention and she has begun questioning her own marriage.
Nicola has previously starred in Four Weddings and a Funeral, Touching Evil, Unforgotten, Spooks, Last Tango in Halifax and Collateral among many other TV and stage shows.
Stephen Mangan as Nathan Sterne
(Image: BBC)
Nathan is as likeable as his wife and the couple share three children. He told the Radio Times why the seemingly perfect couple aren't happy.
“It's gone a bit stale, work has taken over family life and everything's so busy, but like a lot of marriages we've taken it for granted.”
Stephen is a well known face and has starred in a lot of hit shows, such as Green Wing, I'm Alan Partridge and Epsiodes.
Deborah Findlay as Ruth Defoe
(Image: BBC)
No nonsense Ruth is head of the female divorce lawyer firm Defoe. She raised her three daughters alone after her husband left the family when they were young and never returned.
Hannah has struggled with her mother's refusal to hand over the company and step down.
As Ruth hits her milestone 70 birthdays, she has the shock of her life when her husband returns.
Deborah's previous credits include Collateral, alongside Nicola as Eleanor Shaw, The Lady in the Van, Hampstead, Agatha Christie's Poirot and the original Top Girls.
Anthony Head as Oscar
(Image: BBC)
Possibly the least popular character in the drama, Scott walked out on his wife and young family 30 years previously with no explanation, so his return isn't exactly welcome.
He approaches Hannah in a park and gives her a card for Ruth's birthday.
Anthony's previous hits include Buffy the Vampire Slayer, as Rupert Giles, Merlin, Girlfriends and the Prime Minister in Little Britain.
He is due to star in vanity Fair.
Annabel Scholey as Nina Defoe
(Image: BBC)
Hannah's younger sister is Nina and she still works at the family firm Defoe. She carries the genetic trait of being a strong woman and is also a bit of a flirt.
She has recently starred in Being Human, Britannia and Medici: Masters of Florence.
Fiona Button as Rose Defoe
(Image: BBC)
Rose is the youngest of the daughters and has not chosen to go into law. She is a nanny and is seen trying to work out what she really wants to do.
She's engaged to James.
Fiona has previously starred in Grantchester, My Mother and Other Strangers, Outcasts, Midsomer Murders and lots of theatre.
Stephen Tompkinson as Davey McKenzie
(Image: BBC)
Davey is a successful sportswear businessman who is divorcing his childhood sweetheart Goldie.
He asks Hannah's firm Noble & Hale to handle his case.
Telly favourite Stephen has been in many hits most notably DCI Banks as DCI Banks, Drop the Dead Donkey, Ballykissangel and Chancer.
Meera Syal as Goldie McKenzie
(Image: BBC)
Goldie has no idea her husband wants to split and she is left fighting for her right to the family business whilst battling her heartache.
Meera is best known for being one of the creators of Goodness Gracious Me and played the grandmother in The Kumars at No 42.
She has also been in Broadchurch and Paddington 2.
The Split starts on Tuesday April 24 on BBC1 at 9pm and continues for six weeks.
Advertisement Advertise here
Demetrious Johnson joked earlier this week that the UFC owes him nine more title belts, one for each time "Mighty Mouse" has successfully defended his flyweight championship.
Well, now Dana White and Co. owe him 10.
Johnson picked apart Brazilian challenger Wilson Reis before taking him down, catching him in an armbar and forcing him to submit at UFC on Fox in Kansas City on April 15, 2017. The quick-as-blink, third-round victory moved Johnson into a tie with longtime middleweight king Anderson Silva for most consecutive title defense.
"I went back and did a lot of things different in this camp and this is the best I've felt," Johnson said. "I think the crowd recognizes: I'm the best champ to ever step in this Octagon."
Johnson (26-2-1) toyed with the third-ranked Reis (22-7) much of the first two rounds, peppering him with jabs and kicks before deftly slipping away from trouble. But after taking Reis down in the third, he quickly clamped down on an armbar and forced Reis to tap out at the 4:49 mark.
"He looked incredible on his feet," said White, the UFC's president. "Then he goes to the ground and is absolutely dominating, and then he goes for the most dangerous move you could pull off.
"The guy is an absolute freak of nature."
Johnson extended his winning streak to 12 straight to tie Georges St-Pierre for the third-longest run in UFC history. Silva won 16 in a row at his peak, while suspended two-time light heavyweight champ Jon Jones will be riding a 13-fight streak whenever he makes his return.
Municipalities are concerned with fatberg – caused by dumping fats, oils and grease that clog your pipes.
As many sit down this weekend for the Thanksgiving feast, they may not realize they are contributing to a costly problem.
The average 14 pound turkey produced about 250 millilitres or 1 cup of fat.
Image that multiplied by thousands of homes in this community alone and it can create a problem down the line.
Many municipalities are encouraging people to not pour fats, oils and grease (or FOG) down the drains. They mix with other items such as wipes and dental floss to create what's called a fatberg.
As soon as the FOGs go a short distance, they start to harden and end up clogging the sewage system.
Metro Vancouver spends about $2 million to repair the damage caused by these products and homeowners can also face costly bills when their pipes get blocked. That's why it created the Wipe It, Green Bin It campaigns to educate residents, but these tips can be used in homes throughout British Columbia.
Disposal:
• For small amounts of grease, wipe or scrape out the pot or pan and put the grease into your green bin.
• Larger amounts of grease, like deep fryer oil, can be dropped off at an approved recycling depot.
Kitchen cloggers:
• Fats – dairy produts, salad dressings, margarine, butter, shortening.
• Oils – cooking oils such as olive, canola, vegetable, corn, peanut, coconut) as well as oil-based sauces.
• Grease – pan drippings, trimmings from meat, lard.
READ ABOUT THANKSGIVING COOKING FIRE SAFETY
click to enlarge
Earlier this month, Crab Claw debuted his latest video for “Scoot, Scoot,” a track off upcoming LP titled. Produced by Toucan Films, the video shows Crab Claw's Walker Trull get outshined by another scooter owner with better hair.He says it's a scooter anthem, so, it's classic Crab Claw silliness, basically.“The song is about driving around on the scooter, but the video is about a girl leaving me for another guy with a mullet,” he says. “It's a love story as old as time.”will also feature such titles as “Instagram,” “Mullet Man,” “Magic: The Megan Murphy,” and, another ode to the Carolina Panthers, “Cammy Cam loves the Kids.”Trull says, “We broach topics and themes of lost love, social media jealousy, the downsides of having an awesome haircut, loneliness, alcoholism, and depression.”And if Crab Claw's Instagram isn't totally full of shit, you may catch him, mullet and all, tonight at 9 p.m. on Bravo's. He posted, “Every man has a price, and mine is embarrassingly low.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two women have been selected to be the first in the UK to have 'three parent babies' after a radical new fertility treatment was approved.
In March last year Newcastle Fertility Centre was given the first licence to create a baby with three genetic parents.
The advanced IVF procedure was developed to prevent children dying from genetic diseases and now individual applications to carry out the mitochondrial replacement therapy (MRT) for two unnamed women have been approved.
The two women carry mutations in a gene that causes a rare condition known as myoclonic epilepsy, or Merrf syndrome, according to minutes from the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority's (HFEA) approval committee.
Merrf syndrome is a neurodegenerative disorder that worsens over time and often results in an early death.
(Image: Getty)
It is usually diagnosed in childhood when people develop sudden spasms which progress to a loss of muscle control, weakness, deafness and dementia.
The HFEA committee reviewed the women's medical and family histories and concluded that any children they conceived may be affected by “serious multi-systemic and progressive disease” which would severely affect their quality of life.
The aim of MRT will be to stop the mother passing on defective genes in the mitochondria, tiny power plants in cells that supply energy, reports the Newcastle Chronicle .
(Image: Getty Images)
But the technique, which involves giving her an IVF baby with DNA from three individuals, is highly controversial.
The baby will have nuclear DNA from its mother and father that define key characteristics such as personality and eye colour. In addition, it will have a tiny amount of mitochondrial DNA provided by a woman donor - the third “parent”.
Approval of the Newcastle clinic's facilities, equipment and staff was announced by the HFEA in March, but separate appraisals are still needed to assess the suitability of each candidate.
(Image: PA)
These have to take account of medical history and personal biology to ensure that the procedure is safe and likely to meet with success.
A HFEA spokeswoman said: “Our Statutory Approvals Committee has considered applications from the Newcastle Fertility Centre at Life, part of Newcastle upon Tyne Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, for the use of mitochondrial donation in treatment for two patients, both of which have been approved.”
GALLIPOLIS — Thursday evening, in the Pavilion, on the grounds of the French Art Colony, The Deep Creatures will be the featured entertainers.
This popular Southeastern Ohio band, formerly known as Stillwater, experienced tragedy with the loss of their band mate and founder of Stillwater, Kevin Jolley. After the loss, they felt it was time for a change and a new identity.
The Deep Creatures are a trio of Roy Mayes, BJ Rocchi and Kent Jolley. The band has decades of combined experience, performing many genres of music. They have influences ranging from bluegrass to heavy metal and have left no musical stone unturned.
With a strong live show, refreshing original material and a song selection geared toward pleasing an audience, it's time to go Deep, with The Deep Creatures.
Thursday, the gates at the Pavilion at the French Art Colony, will open at 6 PM, with food available for a donation and legal beverages for purchase. The music will begin at 6:30 pm..
Also available for sale, will be tickets to win a stay at a beachfront Garden City condo. Tickets are $5 each, or three for $10. A winner will be drawn on the final night of Hot Summer Nights, August 30. All proceeds from the ticket sales will be used to purchase fans for the Pavilion, to make it more comfortable, during the hot summer months.
Admission is $5 per person and is free for FAC members, as a benefit. For a full schedule of the live music performances in the Pavilion, each Thursday evening through August, or for any additional information, call the French Art Colony, at 740-446-3834.
Deep Creatures opens the 2017 Mayor's Night Out Concert Season. https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/07/web1_6.15-PPR-Mayor-1-1.jpg Deep Creatures opens the 2017 Mayor's Night Out Concert Season. File photo
Staff Report
Submitted by Marianne Campbell for the French Art Colony
Submitted by Marianne Campbell for the French Art Colony
PRETORIA -The Public Investment Corporation (PIC) said that it will address a series of media reports, more recently by the City Press newspaper, in concert with a public campaign by the United Democratic Movement (UDM), that have questioned this institution's investment processes, its investment decisions, and its corporate governance standards, to the extent of implying that the PIC has been reckless in carrying out its duties.
The PIC said it performed an important function in society; that of investing and managing the assets on behalf of the Government Employees Pension Fund (GEPF), as well as various other funds of huge societal importance, including the Unemployment Insurance Fund and the Compensation Fund.
Collectively, these funds have grown over the years to just over R2.1 trillion, which is equivalent to approximately 40% of South Africa's gross domestic product.
These are responsibilities the PIC not only feels privileged to perform, but ones that it takes very serious.
The PIC, therefore, said it operated in an environment where its clients, the Shareholder (Government, through the Minister of Finance), and various other stakeholders expected it to carry out its duties with the highest level of integrity.
Ill-informed and sensational reporting
Sensational headlines, poor news analysis and impaired logic by some journalists, have the potential to cause unnecessary panic among pensioners, beneficiaries and pension contributors about the security of their money, the PIC statement said.
Furthermore, such reporting has the potential to cause a systematic risk to the South African economy given the size of the PIC's portfolio, the fact that it is the largest investor on the JSE and given the role the institution plays in the broader financial services eco-system.
In a news analysis on Sunday, “What happened at VBS Bank?” – the City Press newspaper made a number of startling allegations, including that:
• The PIC “refused to lend VBS the R1.5 billion to force its collapse…”
• “VBS's crash could have been engineered by the PIC and its proxies…”
• “A hostile takeover bid” that was ostensibly “launched” by the PIC and “its proxies” to acquire the companies of Bophelo Insurance Group (BIG), which companies the newspaper describes as “worthless and debt-ridden”.
• “Lebashe and its directors stand to make millions…” from the PIC's investment in the BIG.
This is a continuation of a persistent trend of similar, questionable reporting by the same newspaper – “PIC's R4.3bn ‘risky' investment” [21 March 2018], “PIC executives purged as more deals questioned” [29 April 2018] and “PIC hit with more claims” [1 July 2018].
Closer reading of these reports points to a concerning lack of understanding of how asset management works. Equally concerning is that confidential company, board or employee information is regularly leaked to some journalists, given a distorted or falsified meaning, and presented by some media as fact.
Shareholder activism
The PIC, like any other asset manager, invests in different asset classes and in companies across several sectors of the economy.
The PIC is not directly involved in how investee companies are run on a daily basis.
Investee companies are governed by their own independent boards of directors and operated by their own management teams.
Through its environmental, social and governance (ESG) policies, the PIC takes an active position to advance good corporate governance in the companies in which it invests. As an asset manager, the PIC does not attempt to conduct a ‘policing function' on the daily operations of investee companies.
Where companies are laggards on ESG principles, the PIC engages their management and boards to propose strategies to deal with their shortcomings, in particular on empowerment and transformation.
The PIC is an asset manager. It has no business, and indeed no investment mandate, to bail-out poorly run banks and, in particular, one that has been placed under curatorship by the South African Reserve Bank (SARB).
The allegation that the PIC could have engineered the collapse of VBS is absurd. It is insidious and irrational to argue that the biggest asset manager in this country would allow a bank, one in which it itself is invested, to collapse.
The BIG is an independent company with its own board of directors. It is regulated by Financial Services Conduct Authority (FSCA) and the company is capable of executing its own transactions.
The decision to be exposed to VBS was the BIG's own. Currently, the PIC is not selling its own stake in the BIG nor is the PIC funding the purchase of BIG shares by Lebashe Investments. To allege the PIC has orchestrated the entire transaction – for Lebashe to acquire a shareholding in the BIG - to benefit “the band of super-wealthy black elite close to the PIC” as City Press asserted, may be borne of ignorance, but it is patently false.
Lebashe's involvement in BIG
Due to the non-recoverability of its funds that were deposited with VBS, the BIG board of directors approached its two shareholders to recapitalise the business. Vele, the majority shareholder with 70% ownership in BIG, did not respond to the BIG board's request for capital. The PIC, with a 30% shareholding in BIG, was committed to support the business, pending the finalisation of the PIC's own internal processes.
BIG was approached by a number of other potential buyers but these interests dissipated when they were informed that the BIG subsidiaries – Bophelo Life Insurance Ltd. and Nzalo Insurance Ltd. – were about to be placed under curatorship by the SARB. The only company that retained its interest in BIG was Lebashe.
On 28 June 2018, Vele entered into an agreement with Lebashe for the latter to acquire the 70% Vele shares in BIG for R1, since the company (Vele) had a negative net asset value. This allowed for the release of R60 million to Bophelo Life Insurance and R40 million to Nzalo to ensure continued liquidity. Both Bophelo and Nzalo are profitable and lucrative businesses.
There was no “hostility” in this transaction which both the PIC and the SARB supported, in the public interest.
City Press further argued that “buried on page nine of the PIC's 2016 annual report” the investment rationale for the BIG transaction is explained. The newspaper then concludes its own masterplan: Lebashe and its directors – “the band of super-wealthy black elite close to the PIC… [who] stand to make millions” – are further being enabled by the PIC's allowing for VBS to collapse.
Here are the facts: The PIC invested in the Bophelo Insurance Group in 2016. Lebashe is a new business that was established in 2017.
Should we then accept that, back in 2016, the PIC had the prophetic foresight that VBS would be placed under curatorship in 2018, and that a company registered only in 2017, would be enabled through ‘favourable treatment' by the PIC, that includes forcing a bank to collapse? Surely this is illogical.
The UDM allegations are unfortunate
The repeated allegations of systemic corruption at the PIC by the UDM leader, Mr Bantu Holomisa, is unfortunate and lack substance. Earlier this month the UDM brought an urgent application in the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria, in which it seeks for the suspension of the PIC CEO, Dr. Daniel Matjila.
The PIC intends to oppose this application and is seeking appropriate legal advice to this effect. Submitting a letter with new allegations against the PIC and a number of other business entities to the office of President Cyril Ramaphosa, as the UDM has now done, will not deter the PIC from defending itself before court in order to show that the UDM's allegations are malicious, patently false and imminently contestable.
The PIC welcomes the legal proceedings that Lebashe has instituted this week against the UDM and Holomisa before the North Gauteng High Court, Pretoria.
Equally, the allegations against the PIC's investment in Harith must be challenged. The PIC is a 30% shareholder in Harith General Partners and 46% shareholder in Harith Fund Manager. This investment were made by PIC Corporate, an internal operations fund, not with money from any of its clients.
Hartith was established in 2006 to raise domestic financial resources to invest in infrastructure, which is critical for economic development. The PIC provided a seed capital of R25 million which was repaid within 24 months. In return, the PIC received equity in the business. From that point onwards, the Harith team went around the continent to raise funds through the Pan African Infrastructure Development Fund (PAIDF) I and II.
It is important to point out that the GEPF made capital commitments directly to the PAIDF I and II and not through the PIC.
PAIDF I and II infrastructure projects have raised an additional US $4bn of debt finance (R54bn) and are creating much-needed jobs, skills development and increased economic growth. The PIC has co-invested with Harith in two successful projects - Lanseria Airport and Kelvin Power station. These transactions, including those involving Lebashe (previously Petratouch), have gone through PIC's thorough investment process and there is nothing untoward in the commercial relationship between the PIC and Harith. The Harith portfolio is performing very well.
PIC's track record and commitment
The PIC is a professionally run public institution with no adverse findings by the Auditor-General over successive financial years, including audits performed on its investment decisions.
The PIC has generated positive returns that exceed the investment benchmarks of its clients. The PIC's listed equity portfolio has consistently outperformed the JSE SWIX All Share Index and more importantly, the PIC's clients are happy with the returns generated.
The Compounded Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) for the PIC's listed portfolio over the past ten and five years has been 10.6% and 18.4% respectively, consistently outperforming the benchmarks of its clients.
The GEPF portfolio for example, the biggest of PIC's clients, has also grown consistently. Since 1 March 2017, in a low growth environment, the GEPF portfolio grew by 7.8% or R134 billion, to R1.814 trillion. The GEPF is fully-funded by 116 percent. In simple terms, this means that the Fund has sufficient assets to cover liabilities (calculated by the fund actuaries), in full.
The PIC achieved these investment outcomes whilst simultaneously contributing to the developmental objectives of the country and driving transformation across several sectors of the economy.
Media Investments
The PIC is invested in a number of media institutions through the shares obtained in their holding companies – including the publishers of City Press newspaper. These investments go back some time and range from above 11% to about 25%.
Notwithstanding these shareholdings, the PIC respects media freedom as a constitutional imperative. The PIC has never interfered with the editorial independence, even when media reporting is critical of the institution or its investment decisions.
The recent media focus has almost exclusively been on a small number of underperforming investments and it seems the intention is to drive a message that funds under the PIC's management are at a danger of being eroded, or that the PIC has underperformed as an asset manager. Neither is correct.
Journalists may disagree with the PIC's investment decisions but they are not investment specialists. They cannot prescribe how the PIC conducts its affairs as an asset manager, particularly in light of the PIC's investment performance.
Transformation drive
The PIC is committed to drive socio-economic transformation while generating good returns for its clients. The PIC has started its programme to develop Black Industrialist across different industries, which will be aligned to similar support for Black Asset Managers, Black Private Equity Managers, Black Managers in Real Estate.
-BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
Aledo defense smothers Richland
Richland scored on its opening possession but was shut out the rest of the way by Aledo's defense, which forced four turnovers in a 43-7 victory.
Dolores
In 1965 Filipino grape workers in Delano, California went on strike. A week later, the predominantly Mexican workers joined in and the merged forces became the United Farm Workers union led by Caesar Chavez and his formidable organizer Dolores Huerta, who brought along women and kids to participate. As the architect of a lengthy grape boycott to secure better working conditions, Dolores' goal was blackmail. This film features commentary by the likes of Angela Davis, Gloria Steinem, LGBT activist Rick Rivas and filmmaker Luis Valdez, who observes that “the tragic contradiction of the US is it presents itself to the world as a beacon of independence, liberty and human rights; of course the real stain on this mythology is slavery, and with it the potential for the enslavement of others…” But no one was being held against their will in the grape fields! Dolores then comments that “the alternative to capitalism is democratic socialism.” Capitalism ended slavery; socialism of any sort is a continuation of slavery and that requires sacrifice! Nowhere in this documentary is it ever mentioned that the growers/employers have rights also: the guy who makes the initial investment, who takes all the risks, who pays the payroll taxes and puts up with filing the paperwork and the bureaucracy, who faces condemnation for turning a profit – what are his rights? Under socialism, he's the sacrificial slaughter. In real life, Dolores Huerta sacrificed her own children to a life of abandonment and revolving temporary homes. All these disgruntled workers were welcome at any point in time to find a more equitable country, that was less racist, to be part of. Only problem: THERE ISN'T ANY!!
[NR]
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne kept their ongoing relationship drama to one side for a day, as they put on a united front at a charity football match.
A heavily pregnant Jacqueline, 25, was spotted in the crowd with their young daughter Ella, three, supporting Dan as he enjoyed a kick around on the pitch.
Following the game, the estranged spouses were seen chatting away to each other in the stands of Adam's Park, but despite the apparent friendliness of their meeting, Jacqueline was noticeably without her wedding ring.
(Image: VANTAGE)
(Image: VANTAGE)
(Image: VANTAGE)
Dan recently moved out of the family home they shared together to crash with friends, with the married pair only being seen out together on occasional times since.
For their latest meeting the former EastEnders actress was dressed in a floaty purple dress that covered her blossoming baby bump, and held a denim jacket protectively over her stomach.
Jacqueline is expected to give birth any day now and despite her recent split with Dan, she's admitted she wants him to be there when she welcomes her second child.
(Image: VANTAGE)
(Image: VANTAGE)
(Image: VANTAGE)
Former TOWIE star Dan recently confirmed that he had walked out on his heavily pregnant wife because she 'couldn't make him happy'.
Branding their 11 month marriage as 'miserable,' Dan said: "I left because we were arguing and it is such a waste of energy."
He told the Daily Star: "The way I look at life is every day spent unhappy is a wasted day, and we were both having a lot of unhappy days. I still obviously care for Jacqueline but if we can't make each other happy then we shouldn't stay together. Life is too short."
(Image: PA PA Archive)
However, Jacqueline has taken the moral high ground and confirmed Dan will still be at the birth no matter what drama has happened between them.
“These things happen. Marriages have ups and downs and mine's no different,” she said. “He'll be at the birth, of course. He's an amazing dad.”
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
PAPILLION, Neb. – Documents filed with Sarpy County indicate that Facebook may be considering building a data center in the area, which is already home to data centers for other large companies.
A company spokeswoman declined comment for the Omaha World-Herald, saying only that Facebook is evaluating potential data
center sites.
Facebook has not confirmed the site, but the data center applications are signed by an LLC with the same California address as Facebook's headquarters. Another address in the applications is of a law firm that has previously represented Facebook in a number of acquisitions.
If the company selects the site south of Papillion (puh-PIHL'-yuhn), it'll operate among Yahoo and Fidelity which also have data centers in the county.
Sarpy County Economic Development Corporation Executive Director Andrew Rainbolt says the data center could see a groundbreaking by this spring.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When you're a striker in a rich vein of form, you cannot wait to get out on to the pitch.
Ninety-minute matches feel like 10-minute kickabouts and you just don't want them to end. You're hot, it's a simple as that, and there are few better feelings in the world.
It's something I've spoken about with Gary Lineker, Sadio Mane and even the great Pele on my TV show of late, and we're all agreed that, as strikers, you like to bank goals up.
When you're doing that, you're in a mindset that you can just feel normal about your game.You don't feel cocky or over-confident, you just feel you can go out and make your runs, get into the box, and if you do that you know you're going to score.
There's no pressure.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
When you haven't scored in three or four games, however, your thought processes change.
Suddenly it's all about, ‘I have to score today so it doesn't become four, five, or six games', and you find yourself snatching at, and wasting, chances.
So, I'm sorry to disappoint fans here, but all strikers are doing when the goals are flying in is keeping their own personal wolves from the door.
There's a certain confidence when you're popping them in, of course, but what you are really doing is giving yourself some breathing space to just keep doing your job. That's how Mo Salah will be feeling every time he walks on to a football field at the moment.
He was brilliant again on Saturday when he put Watford to the sword with four goals, a magnificent effort.
(Image: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It's quite right that more and more people are beginning to wonder if the Liverpool winger will pip Kevin De Bruyne to the individual awards when they are dished out at the end of the season.
Salah is certainly coming up fast on the rails as we approach the final furlong but, for the time being, I still have KDB ahead by a nostril — and a small one at that.
The Belgian has been spectacular from day one for Manchester City, and far and away the most consistently good player in the Premier League week in, week out this season.
But the fact Salah is playing so consistently well and creating and scoring goals in the numbers he is doing means there's now very little to choose between them.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
If the Egyptian continues to score goals at the rate he is doing between now, at the end of the season he is going to be touching Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi numbers.
That's no mean feat anywhere in the world, but especially in the Premier League.
What it will perhaps come down to now is next month's Champions League quarter-final between Liverpool and Manchester City — which one of them can be the difference over those two legs?
And can whoever does get through then lead his team on to lift the European Cup?
There's no reason why either one of those two teams can't go all the way.
And if Salah's side do that, we could just see him pip De Bruyne at the post.
Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson has retired from asking people to smell what he's cooking in the wrestling ring and has moved onto being a full-blown Hollywood megastar and social media hero.
Try following The Fast and Furious star on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram and not fall head-over-heels for this guy. It's near impossible, he's the nicest guy, in Hollywood, if not the world.
This weekend he scored major dad points by dressing up as his daughter's favourite Pokémon character – Pikachu – and shared the adorable video on Instagram.
The actor explained that for Easter he thought Pikachu should make a “special visit” to his daughter Jasmine.
Revealing it might not have been as good an idea as he thought, the star wrote on Instagram: “Pikachu didn't account for the fact that now Jazzy RUNS and for 2hrs straight she wants to play her new favorite game, ‘I run away and you chase me Pikachu. And you're not allowed to take a break until I go night night'.
He continued: “At the end of the vid you can hear her yell, ‘Peekyu' because she can't say, Pikachu. I'm tired, today's my only day off, it's 118 degrees in this costume and Hobbs keep trying to p*ss on my leg. And I luv every minute of it. Bring it on. It's what daddy's do. Happy Easter to you guys and enjoy your families.” (sic)
It's the second time Dwayne has got the Pikachu costume out for his daughter.
The first time was last Halloween when to Jasmine's delight the yellow Pokémon came to life.
That first Instagram video of The Rock dancing in the outfit clocked up over four million views, a figure the new video has already surpassed.
It's no surprise Dwayne was in a good mood this weekend. The eighth instalment of The Fast and Furious franchise, Fate of the Furious, is predicted to earn a record $532.5 million worldwide at the Box Office this weekend.
If so, it will beat previous record holder, Star Wars: The Force Awakens, which took an impressive $529million on its release in December 2015.
Save
Save
The Spanish NGO's Proactiva Open Arms vessel is seen at harbor at the port of Pozzallo, in the southern Italian island of Sicily, Monday, March 19, 2018. The NGOâ€™s migrant rescue ship has been put under sequester by prosecutorsâ€™ orders, Sunday, March 18 in Pozzallo, where the vessel brought 216 migrants it had rescued last week in the Mediterranean north of Libya. (AP Photo/Alessio Tricani)
The Spanish NGO's Proactiva Open Arms vessel is seen at harbor at the port of Pozzallo, in the southern Italian island of Sicily, Monday, March 19, 2018. The NGOâ€™s migrant rescue ship has been put under sequester by prosecutorsâ€™ orders, Sunday, March 18 in Pozzallo, where the vessel brought 216 migrants it had rescued last week in the Mediterranean north of Libya. (AP Photo/Alessio Tricani)
ROME (AP) - The head of a Spanish aid group said Monday that he fears several staff members could be charged with human trafficking after they refused to hand over rescued migrants to the Libyan coast guard and took them to Italy instead.
Proactiva Open Arms founder Oscar Camps told reporters in Barcelona, Spain, where the group is based, that Italy impounded his organization's rescue boat Sunday and he is worried the ship, Open Arms, might not be returned.
The case comes amid strong reluctance in Italy to take in any more of the migrants who is a human traffickers launch toward Europe in unseaworthy boats. International efforts to curtail the flow have focused on Mediterranean Sea crossings from Libya and other parts of North Africa.
Italian authorities say they are investigating the aid group for suspected criminal association and aiding illegal immigration.
Proactiva said the investigation stems from a tense high-seas standoff Thursday, when the Open Arms crew refused to relinquish the 218 people they had just picked up in international waters 70 nautical miles from the Libyan coast.
Camps said as Libyan coast guard members approached, some migrants panicked, began screaming and jumped into the sea. The Libyan coast guard was "very aggressive" toward the Open Arms crew, he said, adding that his organization had "a legal duty" to rescue migrants in the Mediterranean.
Mission chief Anabel Montes, speaking by videoconference from the impounded Open Arms vessel, said armed Libyan coast guard members made death threats to the aid workers.
"We had never reached such an extreme situation like this one in which they were threatening us, saying that they were going to kill us," Montes said.
She and the Open Arms' captain are under investigation by Italian prosecutors. A third person, who hasn't been identified, is also being investigated.
Italian authorities have not publicly explained why the Open Arms was impounded and its crew members were being investigated for on suspicion of aiding illegal immigration.
In an order to seize the rescue boat, Catania prosecutors alleged the crew ignored the Italian coast guard's suggestion to request permission to dock in Malta, Italian news agency ANSA reported. The prosecutors said Proactiva and its aid workers seemed to have "the only purpose of reaching Italy," ANSA said, quoting the order.
Law enforcement officials familiar with the case and speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it suggested that the probe was more complicated than that.
One possible legal issue was whether the humanitarian group was obliged to follow the Libyan coast guard vessel's order if Libya had jurisdiction over rescues in that stretch of the sea.
The aid group spent three hours negotiating with the Libyans, Camps said. In the meantime, a vessel sent by Maltese authorities evacuated a critically ill 3-month-old baby and its mother.
Camps said the crew also contacted the Spanish and Italian navies, but received no assistance.
The Italian coast guard said it gave the Spanish boat permission to dock in Pozzallo on Friday, given the poor condition of the migrants and the worsening weather at sea.
Of the vessel's 19 crew members, three are remaining in Italy to testify and the rest are heading back to Spain, Camps said.
Trying to stem the migration to its shores, Italy has supplied Libya with patrol boats and training. The European Union has backed the arrangement, but critics have said it enriches the unreliable Libyan coast guard and sends vulnerable migrants back into slave-like conditions in Libya.
Italy says it is working with U.N. authorities to ensure humane conditions in Libya for migrants. Many have reported being held as virtual prisoners, inadequate food, sexual assaults, beatings and other forms of torture while awaiting the chance to be smuggled out by boat.
In Brussels, EU Commission spokeswoman Natasha Bertaud told reporters: "We welcome the fact that the boat was able to be unloaded on Friday and that the migrants aboard received the treatment that they needed."
"We are entirely aware that an Italian code of conduct exists aimed exactly at avoiding this kind of situation, and we call on all parties in the future to respect not just international law but also this Italian code of conduct," she said.
Italy last year demanded that NGOs which operate rescue vessels sign on a code of conduct, but some humanitarian organizations declined to do so. Among their objections was a provision that would allow armed police on board rescue vessels.
A few others, including Proactiva Open Arms, did sign on and continued to operate migrant rescue missions at sea.
Some aid groups decided to suspend Mediterranean rescue missions because of what they described as an increase in hostility from the Italian-backed Libyan coast guard, including incidents in which the Libyans fired upon rescue boats.
The Italian government is coming under increasing public pressure at home to solve the migrant crisis, especially since EU partners have refused to take any significant number of migrants off Italy's hands.
In Italy's parliamentary election this month, the biggest voter-getters were political forces that railed against the government's handling of the migrant crisis, including the populist 5-Star Movement, which campaigned by saying Italy should not remain "the refugee camp of Europe."
___
Hatton reported from Lisbon. Lorne Cook contributed from Brussels.
New Delhi: World Trade Organisation chief Roberto Azevdo has called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The WTO director-general is here for a mini-ministerial meeting.
"Had a wonderful meeting with Mr. Roberto Azevdo, Director-General of the WTO" the PM tweeted and posted a picture with him.
Delegates from as many as 52 countries, including the US and China, are participating in the informal meeting of the WTO called by India amidst increasing protectionism in global trade.
India has called this meet to explore options to reinvigorate the World Trade Organization (WTO).
The meeting comes against the backdrop of imposition of import duties on steel and aluminium by the US administration, and Washington dragging India to the WTO against export incentive programmes.
Although India has invited Pakistan for the meeting, it has decided to skip the conference.
WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo, who is here for the meet, has said: "We are facing many challenges in the WTO and outside. Trade environment globally is very risky at this point of time. We will try to have an open and honest conversation at the informal WTO meeting here".
The meeting has been convened by India in the aftermath of failure of the trade talks at Buenos Aires last year on account of differences among the members of the WTO.
The rich nations are forming groupings to prepare ground for pushing new issues such as investment facilitation, preparing rules for e-commerce, promoting gender equality and reducing subsidy on fisheries.
India has been keenly pushing agriculture issues at the WTO. It has also been raising its voice against bringing new issues, especially those which are not directly linked to trade, to the negotiating table.
The talks at the WTO's 11th ministerial conference collapsed after the US went back on its commitment to find a permanent solution to the public food stockholding issue, a key matter for India.
The four-day conference in Argentina, which ended without a ministerial declaration or any substantive outcome, did manage to make feeble progress on fisheries and e-commerce by agreeing to work programmes.
With PTI Inputs
The medical world has come a long way since the first organ transplant happened in Germany in 1823. Since then, organ transplants have saved millions of lives, but every day, more critically ill patients are added to the national waiting list. Sadly, the need for life-saving organ transplants is increasing much quicker than the organs are becoming available. However, by becoming an organ donor you can possibly be the difference between life or death for someone else. Here's how you can become an organ donor…
All it takes to become an organ donor are a few easy steps.
Register online or give the Organ Donor Foundation of South Africa (ODF) a call on their toll-free number – 0800 22 66 11. You will then be sent an organ donor card which you'll need to fill out. Carry this card with you at all times. You will also receive a sticker to place on your ID document and driver's license. Discuss your decision with your family so they are aware that you are now an organ donor. Ask your loved ones to respect and honour your decision. Set up a living will in which you indicate your wishes to donate your organs should you die.
CAN I BE A DONOR?
If you are in good health and you don't suffer from specific chronic illnesses, you are eligible to become an organ donor. Contact the ODF to find out more about which chronic or existing diseases could determine whether you would be considered a donor.
WHICH ORGANS CAN BE TRANSPLANTED?
The medical profession looks at two types of transplants – organ and tissue transplants. When it comes to organs, your heart, liver, pancreas, kidneys and lungs could save up to seven lives. Meanwhile, tissue donations include corneas, skink, bone, tendons and heart valves. These tissue organs could easily save up to 50 people.
DO I HAVE TO DONATE ALL MY ORGANS?
No. You can state which organs you are willing to donate by clearly indicating it on the donor card given to you.
HOW MUCH DOES ALL THIS COST?
Absolutely nothing. By law, the hospital and or Tissue Bank will cover all medical expenses from the moment your family gives consent to have your organs/tissue donated.
WHAT IF I CHANGE MY MIND?
Don't worry. You can simply tear up the donor card and remove the provided stickers from your ID book and driver's license. If you're wearing a donor bracelet, you simply need to stop wearing it. It's as easy as that. Also make sure your family are aware that you no longer wish to donate organs or tissue should you die.
For more information on how to become an organ donor, you can call the Organ Donor Foundation of South Africa on their toll-free number on 0800 22 66 11 or visit their website .
Source: Organ Donor Foundation of South Africa
Limerick 4-21
Clare 0-33
A HISTORIC SUDDEN death free taking shootout was needed after 100 minutes of hurling failed to find a winner between Limerick and Clare in a thrilling Allianz Hurling League quarter final this evening at the Gaelic Grounds.
Even round one of the free taking failed to find a winner before Colin Ryan was the Limerick sudden death hero.
Colin Ryan, Tom Morrissey, David Reidy, Aaron Gillane and Diarmaid Byrnes stepped forward for Limerick while Peter Duggan, Niall Deasy, David Reidy, Ian Galvin and Jamie Shanahan were nominated for Clare.
All 10 scored, leading to sudden death. Peter Duggan and Aaron Gillane scored first in sudden death, then Niall Deasy struck his effort wide before Ryan was the Limerick hero.
Ryan also forced extra time with a sideline ball in injury time after the lead was exchanged hands numerous time coming down the home straight.
Clare led by nine points after 22 minutes of the opening half but on 52 minutes Limerick were ahead. Clare led by Peter Duggan battled back and had the lead in injury time until Ryan struck.
The Banner were 0-11 to 0-2 ahead on 22 minutes with Colm Galvin, Tony Kelly, David Reidy and Conor McGrath all on the mark. Limerick went 16 minutes without a score before Aaron Gillane struck a goal. He added two frees and it was 1-4 to 0-11.
Paul Browne and Gearoid Hegarty added Limerick points but Clare were 0-14 to 1-8 ahead at half time. At the mid-point of the second half Clare were still ahead, 0-17 to 0-11 with two Kelly points for the men in saffron and blue.
Limerick were gathering momentum and two points from Ryan and a Gillane goal had them ahead, 2-13 to 0-18 for the first time on 52 minutes.
Duggan dragged Clare back in front but that was until the third Limerick goal arrived from substitute Pat Ryan and Limerick were in front 3-15 to 0-21. Duggan then found another four points bringing him to 15-points and Clare were ahead in injury time before Colin Ryan then forced extra time.
In extra time Clare appeared to hold the upper hand and points from Duggan and Kelly had them a goal ahead in injury time. Then Diarmaid Byrnes stepped forward to blast a 21 metre free to the net to ensure more extra time – this time two periods of five minutes.
The excitement didn't end there. The sides were still level at half time in the second spell of extra time and it appeared John Conlon was to be the Clare hero until a late, late free from Gillane left the sides level after 100 minutes – Limerick 4-21 Clare 0-33.
Scorers for Limerick: Aaron Gillane 1-11 (0-11f), Diarmaid Byrnes 1-1 (1-1f), Pat Ryan 1-0, Colin Ryan 0-3 (0-1 sideline cut), Gearoid Hegarty 0-2, Cian Lynch, Tom Morrissey, Paul Browne, Seamus Flanagan 0-1 each.
Scorers for Clare: Peter Duggan 0-19 (0-15f, 0-2 ‘65), Tony Kelly 0-6, David Reidy and John Conlon 0-2 each, Conor McGrath, David Fitzgerald, Shane O'Donnell, Colm Galvin 0-1 each.
Limerick
1. Nickie Quaid (Effin)
2. Sean Finn (Bruff)
3. Seamus Hickey (Murroe-Boher)
4. Richie English (Doon)
5. Diarmaid Byrnes (Patrickswell)
6. Declan Hannon (Adare)
7. Dan Morrissey (Ahane)
8. Paul Browne (Bruff)
9. Cian Lynch (Patrickswell)
11. Kyle Hayes (Kildimo-Pallaskenry)
10. Gearoid Hegarty (St Patricks)
12. Tom Morrissey (Ahane)
13. Aaron Gillane (Patrickswell)
14. Seamus Flanagan (Feohanagh)
15. Barry Murphy (Doon)
Subs
24. Colin Ryan for Paul Browne (49 mins)
20. Pat Ryan for Barry Murphy (54 mins)
21. David Reidy for Kyle Hayes (62 mins)
18. Richie McCarthy for Seamus Hickey (78 mins)
22. Barry O'Connell for Gearoid Hegarty (85 mins)
25. Oisin O'Reilly for Seamus Flanagan (86 mins)
Clare
1. Donal Tuohy (Crusheen)
2. Patrick O'Connor (Tubber)
3. Conor Cleary (Miltown Malbay)
4. Jack Browne (Ballyea)
5. Seadna Morey (Sixmilebridge)
6. David McInerney (Tulla)
7. David Fitzgerald (Inagh-Kilnamona)
18. Colm Galvin (Clonlara)
9. Tony Kelly (Ballyea)
10. Cathal Malone (Sixmilebridge)
11. John Conlon (Clonlara)
12. David Reidy (Eire Og)
13. Conor McGrath (Cratloe)
14. Peter Duggan (Clooney-Quin)
15. Shane O'Donnell (Eire Og)
Subs
10. Ian Galvin for Colm Galvin (51 mins)
19. Cathal McInerney for Conor McGrath (56 mins)
22. Jamie Shanahan for Seadna Morey (60 mins)
25. Jason McCarthy for David Reidy (63 mins)
21. Podge Collins for Cathal Malone (68 mins)
26. Mikey O'Neill for Cathal McInerney (e-t)
23. Ryan Taylor for Ian Galvin (89mins)
17. Michael O'Malley for Tony Kelly (95mins)
24. Niall Deasy for Podge Collins (98)
Referee: Alan Kelly (Galway)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Morrisons has launched a Yorkshire pudding pizza in celebration of Yorkshire Pudding Day on Saturday February 3.
The 6.5 inch pudding bases are baked in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, and filled with tomato sauce and mozzarella.
There are two flavours – classic pepperoni, and meat feast, which is topped with meatballs, pepperoni, spicy beef, and jalapeños. Just like mama used to make, right?
A cheesy hybrid
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
We imagine Morrisons may well have been inspired by the northern restaurant chain Rub Smokehouse and Bar, which last year created a Yorkshire pudding pizza full of sausage meat.
Jenny Dixon, Yorkshire Pudding Expert (this is her real title – yes, we love it too) at Morrisons, said: "Everyone loves Yorkshire Pudding and everyone loves pizza, so we are combining the two to create the ultimate comfort food for Yorkshire Pudding Day.
"The crust is made the same way as a typical Yorkshire Pudding and is topped the same way as one of our pizzas. We're looking forward to hearing what customers think but we hope that they'll love it!"
The pizzas will be available until February 20 and cost £3. Morrisons sells more than a million Yorkshire Puddings every week.
Marilyn Monroe still remains one of Hollywood's most unapologetically sexy stars.
We've all seen the photo of her iconic flying skirt, and the siren was definitely the queen of the swimsuit. But these shots from an intimate photo shoot with photographer Lawrence Schiller show a very different side of the star.
Heritage Auctions acquired Schiller's set of 12 photographs of Monroe taken in 1962, the year of her death. They're housed inside an original black vinyl clamshell box and, casually, could be yours for as little as $25,000 if you're willing to participate in the auction (they're expected to fetch between $25,000 and $35,000).
So what are the photos of? Naturally, Monroe is nothing but glamorous as she poses in the nude a pool at night. In another shot, she gets cozy by wrapping up in a robe. In addition, there are photos of her looking nothing but joyous as she stands over a table of sparklers and what may perhaps be a cake.
Scroll down to see more photos and visit fineart.ha.com to check out the auction.
Heritage Auctions; HA.com
Heritage Auctions; HA.com
Heritage Auctions; HA.com
Heritage Auctions; HA.com
Glam, indeed.
New Delhi: The year 2016 saw Virender Sehwag rise as a Twitter guru, taking people by storm with his epic and witty tweets. Probably one of the most famous of the long list of his Twitter conversations, the tweet-war with Piers Morgan when the British journalist trolled India's performance at Rio Olympics.
With what marked the beginning of a twitter dual between Sehwag and Morgan, the two were engaged in several exchanges of tweets directed at each other throughout the year.
With Sehwag asking fans to tweet the best moment, his followers experienced because of him on December 31, 2016, Morgan was quick to tweet a reply to the former Indian batsman.
Tweet the best moments you had with me this year. How did I contribute to joy in your life ?
Please share tweet screenshots, moments u liked — Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) December 31, 2016
"Tweet the best moments you had with me this year. How did I contribute to joy in your life ?
Please share tweet screenshots, moments u liked," tweeted Sehwag.
You got me trending in India for days & 1000s of new followers. Thanks mate. https://t.co/yc4bhL1Hwc — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) December 31, 2016
"You got me trending in India for days & 1000s of new followers. Thanks mate," wrote Morgan in his Twitter wall.
Cheers! India has a big heart .
Enjoy ! https://t.co/BEwgLQj3N8 — Virender Sehwag (@virendersehwag) December 31, 2016
"Cheers! India has a big heart . Enjoy !" tweeted Sehwag, concluding that India has a big heart.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who survived brain surgery was beaten over the head in an alleged attempted dog napping.
Gareth Pickering said he was smacked hard on the back of the head while out walking his family's Staffordshire Bull Terrier Blaze.
But after he was hit the dad-of-three felt his attacker pull hard on Blaze's lead, before running off, Coventry Telegraph reports.
Gareth said he was able to keep hold of the lead but panicked after being battered on the head as he had previously undergone brain surgery and developed epilepsy.
(Photo: BPM MEDIA)
He said: “I just got smacked on the back of the head.
“I didn't hear anything or see anything and next thing I knew he was trying to pull the lead.
Gareth had brain surgery three years ago, and was initially worried he could have suffered greater damage following the attack.
He added: “Part of my head is much softer but they hit the stronger side thankfully. The brain surgery was one of the things that went through my head.
“The other was I am not letting go of this lead for anything.”
The attack happened at about 9.30pm on Sunday evening while there was still a little bit of light as Gareth walked Blaze in Nuneaton.
Fortunately, he had a tight grip of the lead and the attacker wasn't able to get his hands on six-year-old Blaze.
Gareth added said: “I hold the lead in a funny way, it's kind of wrapped round my wrist and looped so it's tighter.
“They would have had to pull my arm off to get that lead.”
He quickly made his way home and called his dad who told him to call the police. The police also insisted on calling an ambulance out of caution.
Gareth has been advised to keep an eye on his health to see if anything changes.
He added: “I have got general head injuries but nothing too bad. Because I developed epilepsy a few years ago the doctor said to keep a check on myself. I think it was more shock than anything though, it came out of the blue, it was really sudden.”
The dad is urging other dog owners to be wary.
He said: “Keep a close grip on your lead and be aware that there are people out there that will do this.
“I have heard about this before but have never known it to happen to me or anyone I know.
“I just want people to be aware that it's happening in the area.”
If you have any information call Warwickshire Police on 101.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — It's one of the crown jewels of the City of New Haven, where lots of green is on display for tens of thousands of people every year, and you'll be able to see the largest single-day spectator event in Connecticut right here on News 8.
“This means the world to us, because we are giving back to the Irish community. We are putting on a parade that's not only for us Irish, but for all communities, and all ethnic groups,” said Coleman Walsh Junior, Executive Chairman of the Greater New Haven Saint Patrick's Day Parade Committee.
It's come a long way to its current home in downtown New Haven. The parade was born in the Elm City 175 years ago, with 90 members; and it sure has grown since 1842.
Courtney Lundgren Connors, Chairperson of the Greater New Haven Saint Patrick's Day Parade Committee, described her memories of what's become a huge family event in Connecticut.
It was about family coming together. Being on the side of that parade and see everyone go through, I remember thinking everybody was clapping for my father, who was my hero, and to see them all clapping for him and all of the New Haven firefighters, it almost brings me to tears today to talk about it.”
And as much as the Irish pride flows during the annual event, News 8 is excited to be a part of it. With our parent company, Nexstar Media Group, News 8 is committed to bringing you local events right here in New Haven. We're happy about this multi-year partnership to bring you this parade like you've never seen it before.
“It's a very special event,” said WTNH-TV Vice President and General Manager Rich Graziano. “It really is part of the community, so we're thrilled to have it back to channel 8.”
The parade committee, made up of all volunteers, is working on a few surprises for next year. You'll like what you see at this family-friendly event.
“We have a family fun zone for the young kids to enjoy,” said Executive Chairman Walsh. “We have a lot of bands, we have a lot of pipe bands, high school [and] middle school groups.”
You'll see all the parade traditions leading up to the big day on March 11, 2018. We'll showcase Connecticut's Irish community, including the history, and the stories.
“It's very important,” Graziano said. “It's a non-profit organization, so that's why we're utilizing the marketing and distribution of channel 8 to help promote this, and to help people get excited, and to underwrite this important imitative which showcases and celebrates and supports history, culture, and family.”
Executive Chairman Walsh said the parade has come a long way, and has a bridge future ahead.
I think we're moving into more of a modern era with the parade; with a lot of corporate sponsors, a lot of individual sponsors, and of course, this. Coming back to WTNH is a prize all in itself for us.”
Chairperson Lundgren Connors described her pride in being a part of the parade committee.
On parade day, when you're marching down that street, and you're seeing all the people, the feeling that you have is indescribable. You can't put it into words, it's exactly how I feel. I can't believe I had one small part in putting this together.
Over the next few months, we look forward to telling your stories about what it's like to be Irish in Connecticut. As next March's parade gets closer, you'll see those stories right here on News 8, WTNH.com, and the News 8 App.
You can learn more about the Greater New Haven Saint Patrick's Day Parade at their website, stpatricksdayparade.org
Related Coverage Bannon ‘strongly' believes Trump won New Hampshire in 2016
(CNN) — Steve Bannon's return to a radio hosting gig is kicking up some celebrity backlash.
Actors Seth Rogen, John Leguizamo, and singer-songwriter Melissa Etheridge have all promised to boycott SiriusXM for allowing Bannon to appear on the subscription radio service.
The outcry started after SiriusXM announced last Tuesday that Bannon, the former chief strategist for President Trump, would be a host on the “Breitbart News Daily” radio show. It airs on Patriot, a conservative station.
“I can't bring myself to appear on the same service that has decided to support Steve Bannon,” Rogen tweeted Friday, adding that he canceled a scheduled press tour on SiriusXM. Rogen stars in the new film “The Disaster Artist.”
Etheridge also suggested Friday that she would abandon her involvement with Volume, a SiriusXM music channel. She has hosted an interview program on the channel called “Melissa's Basement.”
“After news that @SIRIUSXM has given #SteveBannon a show, I can no longer in good conscience be a part of my show,” she tweeted, later adding, “I will fight for anyone's right to free speech. I will not be a part of amplifying or normalizing hate speech.”
Related Content: Bannon ‘strongly' believes Trump won New Hampshire in 2016
Leguizamo, the Broadway and screen actor, followed Sunday. He tweeted to his more than 800,000 followers that he “just canceled my #SiriusXM because they hired #Bannon ! No hate mongers!”
The hashtag #BoycottSiriusXM, meanwhile, was posted or shared by thousands of social media users over the weekend, according to the tracking site Keyhole.
SiriusXM said in a statement Friday that the network “has promised to deliver a diversity of opinions and viewpoints, from conservative to progressive to everything in between.”
“Free speech is vitally important. We ardently believe that by allowing a virtually unlimited platform of viewpoints, we are doing our best to uphold that core value,” SiriusXM said.
The company declined to comment further on Sunday.
Bannon is familiar with radio. The Breitbart News executive chairman was a host on Patriot before the 2016 election. He joined the Trump campaign in its final months and served in the administration until August.
In its announcement, SiriusXM also said Breitbart would expand its presence on Patriot with a new daily weeknight show and additional weekend programming.
The financial terms of Bannon's relationship with SiriusXM are not clear. When asked if Bannon is paid by the network, spokesman Patrick Reilly said SiriusXM does “not discuss the terms of our programming deals.”
Bannon did not provide a response to the potential boycott when asked by CNN on Sunday.
Bannon is a controversial figure in politics. He's long been bent on upending the political establishment, and he's often considered one of the harbingers of the populist movement that vaulted Trump into the nation's highest office.
His far-right website, Breitbart, has also been defending the Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who is now embroiled in a sexual misconduct scandal.
“I feel jacked up,” Bannon told the Weekly Standard when he left the White House. “Now I'm free. I've got my hands back on my weapons. Someone said, ‘it's Bannon the Barbarian.' I am definitely going to crush the opposition.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amir Khan and his wife Faryal Makhdoom have welcomed their second child.
But their relationship has been anything but a fairytale romance - full of ups and downs, and with plenty of bumps along the way.
As the couple, who already shared three-year-old daughter Lamaisah, celebrate the birth of their second child, a second daughter named Alayna, we take a look back at their rocky relationship.
Amir got engaged to American model Faryal in 2012 when she was 20 and he 26. It was a suitably lavish affair, a £100,000 rock and a £150,000 party for 1,000 guests at Bolton Wanderers' Reebok Stadium.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
At the time, the boxer insisted marriage would not distract him from victories in the ring.
He said at the time: "Marriage won't change me. I'll stay the way I am. My fiancée understands the way I am and she knows what comes first for me. My sport has always been there. I want to dedicate myself to fighting for the next couple of years. She's cool with that. And our families help. They really get on.
"She's not seen the ring yet, in fact I've not seen her since we got engaged, so it will be good to catch up."
Amir planned to keep Faryal, who was a political science and journalism student, out of the spotlight.
In 2012, he apologised to his future wife who was ‘disgusted' after he posted a photo of himself posing next to a scantily-dressed Las Vegas pole dancer while holding huge wads of cash. The devout Muslim and former world champion had put the picture on Twitter with the comment "Let's play lol."
He later deleted the tweet and apologised to Faryal and his followers who accused him of disrespecting their religion. He claimed the cash he is pictured holding was fake, and that the woman on the pole was not a stripper but a woman performing "acrobatics".
Originally when she first saw the posting Faryal tweeted: "Ew. Woke up to something very disgusting & disturbing."
She quickly downplayed her reaction adding: “Oh well! I'll still smile through my day. Hehe.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But when the backlash started against Amir, who she met the year before, she took to her Twitter account defending her husband-to-be.
The New York student tweeted: “Everyone needs to take a chill pill. I am aware of everything my man does. Thanks for the concern. However, there's a big difference between a strip club & a normal club. I think most clubs in Vegas do have pole dancers. Even I knew that lol.
"Also, a relationship is all about trust, not stupid stuff like this lol."
Later that year, Faryal demanded a showdown with one of his ex-lovers… to find out if he cheated on her. She ­requested a meeting with Natalie Fox after growing suspicious of the world champion.
It is believed she discovered text messages between Amir and blonde model Natalie alluding to a fling. Natalie, then 28, claims she bedded him just two weeks before his ­official engagement to Faryal in January 2012.
But Amir, then 25, insists it happened a year earlier in January 2011.
Faryal and Amir met when the boxer was doing a photoshoot for Vogue in New York. Faryal told the Bolton News : "During that time we went for dinner with mutual friends and since then we kept in touch and became really good friends.
(Image: FameFlynet UK)
(Image: Snapchat/FARYAL MAKHDOOM)
“He says he believes in love at first sight but I don't really believe in that. I really liked him as a person. I couldn't imagine how humble he was. A respectful guy. It really made me fall in love with him.”
The Bolton-born boxer went on to tie the knot with Faryal at the five-star Waldorf Astoria, in New York, in 2013. The former Olympian showed off his fast footwork – doing a Bollywood dance routine with his ushers for 350 guests at the reception.
The couple wore costumes of red, silver and white, heavily encrusted with glittering gems - with Faryal's so heavily decorated it is said to have weighed her down.
A source said: “It was an incredible ceremony. Because of his training the arrangements were left to Faryal but she did a brilliant job. They couldn't take the smiles off their faces.”
After walking down the aisle in New York, the couple then flew back to Bolton for a second ceremony attended by more than 4,000 people in a bid to please his family.
They went on to have a daughter - but Amir's plan to keep his catwalk model wife out of the spotlight backfired when they became embroiled in a very public feud with his family as she was subjected to abuse over her western choice of dress.
(Image: Twitter)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She claimed that they were attempting to bully her and it led to Amir falling out in spectacular fashion with his relatives.
In an early sign of the familial troubles, Amir revealed his family had moved out of the house which is next door to his in a leafy suburb of Bolton. He said he had done his best and bought them a new home.
Faryal claimed the abuse had happened when she was expecting their daughter and that his relatives had told them to divorce her when she was nine months pregnant.
In December 2016, Faryal claimed she had been subjected to a tirade of abuse, and accused her in-laws of trying to destroy her marriage.
Amir's mother responded in the press accusing Faryal of lying, adding: “I once told her, ‘Faryal, do not wear this type of clothes; wear a scarf.' But she paid no heed so I stopped saying it to her again, because it was Amir's duty to tell her that.”
His father also said at the time: “Faryal was adopting a dress code which in the Islamic faith was not acceptable. I am a father to two daughters whom I have treated exactly the same way as I have treated Faryal.”
As the row escalated, Amir threatened to cut his parents out of his life, and in February 2017, he sacked his father Shah as his manager after their feud hit rock bottom.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: WireImage)
But they have since resolved the feud - with Faryal acting as peacemaker. In June 2017 the boxer decided to bury the hatchet after inviting Shah to watch Pakistan versus India ICC Champions Trophy match at Edgbaston in Birmingham.
All appeared to be well between the couple and the Khan family.
Amir and Faryal had split up, but got back together just before he entered the'm A Celebrity jungle in November 2017.
He later said on Loose Women that the real reason for their marriage problems was a "lack of communication".
"What went wrong was a lack of communication," he admitted, going into detail about how being laid off from boxing training had given him too much time to think.
"The way it went public wasn't nice. I think anger sometimes takes over. We want to make sure all that's put behind us."
Amir went on: "I was going through that hand injury I had, not being in the boxing ring, being away from my family, going through a lot of stuff in my life - when I was away from the boxing ring I lost that focus, that structure.
"Not being in the gym, not training, having a lot of downtime, you have a lot of energy in your body and sometimes it's mental as well."
Faryal, who at the time was six months pregnant with the couple's second child, pointed out that their long-distance relationship didn't help either.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I was in England, he was in Dubai - he thought he was a bit cool in Dubai, judging by his tweets," she quipped.
Amir confessed that he'd had something of an existential crisis and didn't know who to turn to.
"My family were very supportive, my parents, they kind of helped me when I said I didn't know what to do. I did come to a stage where I didn't know what to do with my life, I was breaking my marriage, I wasn't boxing, I had a hand injury.
"I didn't know where to go or what to do. Being a Muslim I started praying and that's one of the things that put me on the right path."
He said the'm A Celebrity chance come along just at the right time to save him, and he credited the programme with helping his marriage recover.
"It was a detox for me, just to get away from everything," he added.
And in February last year, Amir faced cheating claims.
At the time, Faryal announced she was spending Valentine's Day alone, just days after her husband was accused of trying to convince a model to visit him in San Francisco while his wife was out of town.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Twitter)
"Btw How corny is Valentine's Day ... Who's going to be sitting at home? Eating chocolates they bought themselves?" Faryal darkly asked her followers.
The couple left for America on January 29, with Amir destined for a training camp in San Francisco and Faryal for New York.
They were due to meet up after a week, but model Dasha Abdelgany, 27, claimed that Khan tried to convince her to fly over and see him before Faryal arrived.
Just days after insisting he wasn't a cheat and that he was unfairly targeted by women, Dasha said Khan, 31, told her that she was cute, drooled over her voice and said of her lips: "Wow."
She claimed he befriended her after a social media spat and invited her to fly from her home in New York to meet him at his San Francisco training base.
It's the big debut for Aubameyang, following his £57m move from Borussia Dortmund.
Arsene Wenger will hope the Gabonese striker will inject some much-needed life into a flagging Gunners season.
Sam Allardyce sides will always defend resolutely, with a point undoubtedly a good result at the Emirates.
Can Aubameyang rediscover that magic alongside Henrikh Mkhitaryan that was such a joy to watch at the Westfalenstadion.
Mesut Ozil, fresh from a new deal, will also look for signs that he has made the right decision in committing his future.
We'll have all the action live, pictures, reaction - keep it Mirror Football.
Arsenal XI: Cech, Bellerin, Koscielny, Mustafi, Monreal, Ramsey, Xhaka, Iwobi, Ozil, Mkhitaryan, Aubameyang
Arsenal subs: Ospina, Chambers, Kolasinac, Maitland-Niles, Elneny, Wilshere, Lacazette
Everton XI: Pickford, Kenny, Keane, Williams, Mangala, Martina, Schneiderlin, Gueye, Walcott, Bolasie, Niasse
Everton subs: Joel, Rooney, Tosun, Sigurdsson, Davies, Calvert-Lewin, Holgate
April 24 (UPI) -- President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump hosted their first state dinner Tuesday night, playing host to French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron.
Trump wore a black tuxedo and the First Lady wore a black Chantilly lace Chanel Haute Couture gown that was hand-painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins, according to her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham.
Macron also wore a black tuxedo as Brigitte Macron wore a cream-colored gown with gold detail.
During the dinner, Trump toasted the "nearly two-and-a-half centuries of friendship" between the United States and France.
"May our friendship grow even deeper, may our kinship grow even stronger, and may our sacred liberty never die," Trump said, according to ABC News.
The state dinner occurred less than two weeks after the two countries, along with Britain, launched precision strikes against the government of Syria after allegations that the Syrian military attacked civilians with chemical weapons. Days later, Macron said he convinced Trump to commit U.S. troops to Syria "for the long term."
Other guests at the dinner included Apple CEO Tim Cook; media mogul Rupert Murdoch; secretary of state nominee Mike Pompeo; Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts; and the president's daughter, Ivanka Trump.
Long before texts and social media, elevators were the most common place that people would infiltrate another's personal space bubble. Most oncoming passengers would be courteous and fill the most logical gap in the box with standing room only, and some would even wave the cramped crowd inside onto the floor of their destination. Cyberspace is now where personal space is more valuable than a Titanic artifact.
“Keep your friends close and your enemies closer,” a famous quote from The Godfather movie, is based on the premise is that it's wise to stay close to your enemies in order to be aware of anything they could be plotting against you, but maybe not knowing is wiser. Not knowing often entails sanctifying our own personal space not only physically, but virtually as well.
When someone oversteps our physical energy field, we can simply lean back. We may even choose to leave the room or the building in order to get away from the offensive person, but when someone bursts into our personal space bubble on cyberspace, we need to fiercely defend our perimeter of comfort.
Online encroachment makes us more than uncomfortable; we feel hacked and all out of whack. Revisiting cyber-offense is only a click away. We may find ourselves typing responses that are uncustomarily rude and hurtful in retaliation for an affront that, if presented to us in person, would have garnered a more courteous response. In person, we realize that the offender is not a virtual human, but an actual human being who deserves respect and perhaps some compassion.
This isn't to say, we shouldn't protect ourselves from online vultures, but to reinforce that we should employ civilized means when dealing with those on social media who attempt, often successfully so, to suck us into an uncivilized cyber world where feelings don't really get hurt and common courtesy flies out the virtual window.
“Ignorance is bliss,” might be the better policy by which to adhere by according to poet Thomas Gray. Often the consequences of spending time in the same proximity as those people who wish you harm, is just not worth the toll it pays on your health and vitality.
In order to stay oblivious and I would contend, happy today, one must create virtual boundaries for would-be social predators. Block those people whose posts you no longer enjoy, delete those comments posted to your site that are designed to instigate negativity and provoke arguments and perhaps, more difficult and most important of all, ignore those comments aimed directly at you. Feeding the comments only fuels the toxic fire already burning. Snuff it out by not breathing any vital air into it.
The effects of cyber-drama lasts for longer than an elevator ride and is more intensely felt than having our foot stepped on. Escaping from physically uncomfortable situations where the offender is within a hands reach can be easier than fleeing from those who intrude on your cyberspace. Just remember, sanctifying your cyberspace is as critical to your overall well-being as is protecting your home — your true home, your soul, is present in both spaces.
Sanctify your cyberspace
By Michele Savaunah Zirkle Marcum Contributing columnist
Michele Zirkle Marcum is a native of Meigs County, author of “Rain No Evil” and host of Life Speaks on AIR radio. Access more at soundcloud.com\lifespeaks.
Michele Zirkle Marcum is a native of Meigs County, author of “Rain No Evil” and host of Life Speaks on AIR radio. Access more at soundcloud.com\lifespeaks.
MOSCOW (AP) — An international journalist' rights organization is calling on Russian authorities to investigate threats made against a newspaper that reported gays were being tortured and killed in Chechnya.
The report this month in the respected Novaya Gazeta drew a range of official denials and rebukes. Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov on Sunday said international attention to the story constituted a “massive information attack … to blacken our society, lifestyle, traditions and customs.”
A meeting of elders and Islamic leaders in Chechnya after the story appeared called for retribution, which Novaya Gazeta said “pushes religious fanatics toward the massacre of journalists.”
On Monday, the Committee to Protect Journalists said Russia should “act swiftly, decisively and effectively” against threats to the newspaper and to the story's reporter.
© PA Wire
The royals will visit Singapore, Malaysia and India this autumn in an Asian tour on behalf of the British government, Clarence House has announced. But Burma was omitted from their schedule despite once forming part of the plans.It had been widely speculated the heir to the throne and his wife would visit the south-east Asian country during their traditional autumn tour, despite violence and turmoil in parts of the nation.Burma has faced widespread condemnation from the international community after more than half a million Rohingya Muslims fled to Bangladesh to escape a military operation described by the United Nations as "ethnic cleansing".The crackdown was launched response to a series of deadly attacks on security posts by Rohingya insurgents.The Prince and Duchess will make an 11-day trip starting in Singapore on October 30 before moving on to Malaysia and ending in India, Clarence House announced at a press briefing.Scott Furssedonn-Wood, the Prince's deputy private secretary for foreign and Commonwealth affairs, said the visit was planned at the request of the Government.He added: "Their royal highnesses are delighted to be returning to India, and to be visiting Singapore and Malaysia for the first time together."The deputy private secretary said Charles and Camilla "will undertake nearly 50 engagements that showcase the breadth and depth of the United Kingdom's relationship with these key Commonwealth partners in advance of a Commonwealth summit in London next April".Philip Malone, south-east Asia department director at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO), was asked at the press briefing why and when Burma had been rejected.He replied: "For a tour like this you look at a range of options and we decided to go with Singapore and Malaysia."Pressed about when Burma was dropped from the tour, he said only: "These visits are planned over a number of months, preparations are made and you get to the point, working with Scott and his team here, where we decide on the ones that we will pursue for the visit."Charles and Camilla met Burma's de facto leader and Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi for talks at their official London home in May, before the country's military began the offensive on the Rohingya.Ms Suu Kyi, whose position as state counsellor does not give her authority over the military, has faced international criticism for her failure to speak out against alleged human rights abuses including mass killings, gang rapes, and the burning of villages.More than 500,000 of the persecuted minority have fled from Burma to Bangladeshi in the past month, with many facing desperate conditions in refugee camps.Last month Britain suspended its training programme for the military in Burma because of the violence, and diplomatic relations have deteriorated.Rights campaigners had argued against a royal visit to Burma."To have someone of Prince Charles's stature go to visit the country would be seen as a reward, and giving legitimacy to the government and the military that are currently violating international law," said Mark Farmaner, director of Burma Campaign UK.Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has called on Ms Suu Kyi to "show the leadership she is capable of to try to heal that terrible situation".The Prince knew the Burmese leader's late husband Michael Aris, a Tibetan scholar who endured years without his wife when she was under house arrest during her fight to end military rule in her country.Mr Aris, 53, died of prostate cancer in 1999 and later that year Charles became patron of the Michael Aris Memorial Trust for Tibetan and Himalayan Studies.During their autumn tour, Charles and Camilla will be flown in the ministerial Voyager jet, a dual-purpose refuelling aircraft that has also been refurbished to carry senior government ministers and members of the monarchy on official trips.The Duchess will arrive in Singapore separately for the start of the tour after spending a few days on a private holiday.This week 13 UK charities launched a major fundraising appeal to help provide food, medical care and shelter to Rohingya fleeing persecution in Burma.The UK government pledged to match the first £3m donated by the public to the Disasters Emergency Committee appeal.Rohingya Muslims have faced decades of persecution in Burma, where many of the Buddhist majority consider them illegal immigrants.
President Donald Trump has wished America a happy Fourth of July holiday and reserved special praise for the "American heroes" whose sacrifice he says helped the nation win her independence 242 years ago.
Trump tweeted a short video that included well wishes from him and first lady Melania Trump. The Trumps were hosting a White House picnic for military families later on Wednesday, followed by a concert and viewing of the fireworks on the National Mall.
"Our freedom has been earned through the blood and sweat and sacrifice of American heroes," Trump said.
Trump left the White House on Wednesday morning clad in a white short-sleeved shirt, dark slacks and a cap and was driven west across the Potomac River in the direction of the private golf club he owns in Northern Virginia.
The White House did not immediately confirm that Trump is at the club. Reporters were not allowed to accompany him to his destination, as is the case with virtually all presidential travel.
Trump got into the Independence Day spirit a day earlier by celebrating active-duty service members during a military tribute on Tuesday night in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia.
At the "Salute to Service" charity dinner, Trump praised "Americans of every generation" who have served in the armed forces.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eddie Nolan is praying Crewe Alex's contract rebels sign up for next season – and warned switching clubs can ‘backfire'.
The central defender is certain to be at Gresty Road next term after a clause in his deal for a further 12 months was triggered earlier this year.
And the 29-year-old is excited about the future – particularly if midfielders James Jones, Callum Ainley and Charlie Kirk put pen-to-paper on the extensions they've been offered.
Nolan, who has played for nine clubs, says the youngsters have every right to decide what is best for their own careers. But he admitted jumping ship is not always the right course of action.
“They've kept it to themselves, I don't know what's going on really, but I'd love them to stay,” he said.
“They are very good players who will go onto have great careers but, for me personally, I think Crewe is the right place for them right now.
“I want them to stay but it's their careers. I've been in their position before and there was once, maybe twice, that I made the wrong move and it backfired a bit. But you don't know at the time.
“I'd love them to stay, and we have a lot of good young players – it's not just those three.”
Homegrown players Jones, Ainley and Kirk will all be out of contract in a couple of months. While they cannot walk away for free due to their age, losing them for roughly £200,000-£300,000 in compensation each would be a blow to the club.
Nolan, who started out at Blackburn and includes Preston and Scunthorpe amongst his former clubs, was a low key signing last summer but has perhaps turned out to be the best.
Having made just a dozen league starts for York and Blackpool in the two previous campaigns, it was expected the versatile ex-Republic of Ireland under 21 international would just provide cover.
But Nolan has become a mainstay at the heart of the defence, starting 46 games and impressing with his composed, efficient style.
Now he is a big favourite to be named Player of the Year.
Nolan added: “I've never got a player-of-the-year award at professional level before so I'd be happy, but the most important thing for me this season was just getting back to playing regularly.
“It's the first time I've been at a club where I've played the same position nearly all season.
“Having a consistent position has helped a lot.”
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone.
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone. Matt Taylor GLA040718ROSS
WHEN Ross Greenhalgh started his first job, at Queensland Alumina Limited, he was paid $7500 a year, offered a home to rent for $10-15 per week and wore an aluminium hard hat.
As a keen 22-year-old University of Queensland graduate, he was prepared to move to Gladstone to work at the then seven-year-old refinery.
This was even though he thought Gladstone was a quiet, sleepy town compared to where he grew up, Rockhampton.
Now, 43 years later, the father of five handed in his first resignation letter in his working life, as he prepares to retire.
Friday will be the last day Mr Greenhalgh will drive his trusty bauxite-stained Tarago van into the refinery carpark and don the yellow and green hi-vis.
Mr Greenhalgh has had a number of roles, from process engineer to technical services manager and health, safety and environment manager.
He was also part of the working group to facilitate the red mud dam.
Queensland Alumina Limited's longest serving employee, with 43 years at the refinery, Ross Greenhalgh is retiring.
"The technical work has been challenging but there's a thousand odd people who work here and meeting those people has been great," Mr Greenhalgh said.
"In the early days it was great to gain experience from the older engineers and now it's been nice to teach the younger engineers coming through."
Mr Greenhalgh said the refinery surprisingly had not changed too much.
Ross Greenhalgh is retiring after working 43 years at Queensland Alumina Limited in Gladstone. Matt Taylor GLA040718ROSS
"It's the same bayer process it has always been, despite the billions of dollars spent on investigations into new technologies, no one has found a better way to do it," he said.
With three grandchildren, Mr Greenhalgh and his wife Narelle are looking forward to spending more time with family during their retirement.
He will leave a lasting legacy at the site, training many apprentices and new engineers.
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York City health department says one person has died and two others have become severely ill after they contracted a rare disease transmitted by rats.
The three cases occurred in the last two months in a Bronx neighborhood. City officials say it's the first time a cluster of cases has been identified.
The disease is called leptospirosis (lehp-toh-spuhr-ROH'-sihs).
Infections commonly occur through exposure to rat urine. The disease is rarely spread from person to person. It can be treated with antibiotics.
Advertisement
The city says it's reducing the rat population in the area and educating residents about the disease.
The New York Times (http://nyti.ms/2lOMiA9 ) says that from 2006 to 2016, 26 cases were reported in the city; the Bronx had the highest number with eight.
___
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dancing On Ice proved to be a smash for ITV between 2006 and 2014 during its original run - but some of the contestants got a bit smashed in the process.
The series ran for nine seasons (including one ‘All-Stars' episode that rounded off the show) and we are so delighted it's back following a four year absence.
Those competing in this year's 10th series might want to take note of some unfortunate past incidents on the show - when some contestants ended up bloodied and bruised.
Here are the worst Dancing On Ice accidents so far…
Antony Cotton
Dancing On Ice star Antony Cotton rushed to hospital after breaking two ribs in horrific fall
This year's show has already claimed its first victim. Coronation Street star Antony Cotton has fractured several ribs during training for the fifth show.
The 42-year-old collapsed in agony after a move with dance partner Brandee Malto went horribly wrong.
Antony said: “Brandee and I were training for this week's show when we lost our balance and both fell backwards onto the ice.
"Luckily, Brandee was uninjured but I was taken to hospital where I discovered I had fractured a couple of ribs, front and back.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
“I'd like to thank the staff at Silver Blades ice rink in Widnes, the doctor and nurse at The Alexandra Hospital in Cheadle, and Brandee, who never left my side throughout.”
Antony insisted he would try to skate on Saturday despite losing a days training and being ordered to rest.
He added: “The show must go on and as such, we are going to do our best to continue in the Dancing on Ice competition this Sunday.
"Hopefully the painkillers and sequins will see us through.”
Jennifer Ellison
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In 2012, during series 7, Jennifer Ellison drew blood after she smashed herself in the head with her own skate blade.
The soap star performed an ambitious move where she arched back and kicked up a leg - however it led to a horrifying moment of TV.
Jen was rushed off to see paramedics as blood started pouring from her scalp, but she was cared for and back on the ice the following week.
Keith Chegwin
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The late Keith Chegwin was a contestant in 2011 - and cracked some bones when he was in training mode.
The TV host was taken out of action after just one day when he took a tumble on the ice and broke his shoulder and cracked three ribs taking him out of the competition before it had even begun.
Undeterred, the good sport returned in 2013 to compete again - but was voted off on week 7.
Jorgie Porter
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Professional skating really can be dangerous - as Jorgie Porter's dance partner Matt Evers discovered.
During a daring stunt, Jorgie sliced open Matt's face when she struck him in the face with her blade during a rehearsal.
Matt was stitched up and ready to perform during the live show - which went without a hitch.
David Seaman
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Taking an ice skate to the face isn't the only concern for the dance partners of the stars - some get dropped too.
This was the case for David Seaman's partner Pam O'Connor during the 2006 series.
The incident took place during a rehearsal and saw poor Pam split open her chin, requiring stitches.
Vanilla Ice
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It was a case of Ice Ice, oh no baby, for rap star Vanilla Ice as he failed to bond with the slippery surfaces of the rink.
The star hit the floor during a training session that resulted in him cracking his eye sending blood pouring from the wound.
He was rushed to hospital with concussion and required stitches - and was eventually voted off in week 6 of the 2011 series.
Gareth Thomas
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Rugby legend Gareth Thomas proved to be surprisingly graceful on the ice - however he suffered an unusual injury during his time on the show.
At the crucial semi-final stage, Gareth was struck down with motion sickness as he tried to perfect the ‘flying' routine - forcing him to pull out.
The poor chap had previously been left winded when he took a tumble while lifting his dance partner in an earlier rehearsal, leaving him gasping on the ice for several minutes before he could recover.
The last few months have seen a lot of buzz, rumors, leaks and speculations surrounding the upcoming iPhones. Apple has confirmed the three smartphone strategy in the past, making the launch of the iPhone 7s, 7sPlus and iPhone 8 seem well thought out.
Moreover, the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus are deemed to be updated variants of the existing lineup from Apple. While the 7 series are said to feature new internals, the highlight being the new A11 chip, speculations and various reports indicate that the iPhone 7s and 7sPlus could retain the design of the iPhone 7 and 7Plus. It has also been seen in the past where Apple has failed to design a new phone altogether for different variants of the same iPhone.
Also Read: Apple may not use USB-C for iPhone 8: Ultra Accessory Connector hints
Further, the iPhone 8 which is also being rumored to be called iPhone X, where X is to signify iPhone's 10th Anniversary edition. It is being said, that the iPhone 8 will feature a stainless steel frame and sport a glass front and back finish.
The latest buzz that we have come across, which is repeatedly surfacing is the possibility that the iPhone 8 or iPhone X will come with an OLED display and feature an iris scanner similar to the one on the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. This rumor is backed by the recent deal between Apple and Samsung Display a subsidiary of Samsung.
Also Read: Apple's 10th anniversary iPhone 8 speculated to come with an iris scanner and OLED display
Nonetheless, until we get an official statement from the company about the iPhone, we are just speculating based on rumors and leaks. Stay tuned with GIZBOT and we will keep you posted as and when we get the latest updates.
Source:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
No more survivors are expected to be found in the Grenfell Tower block after the horrific fire.
London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton said it would be a “miracle” to find anyone still alive in the charred tower block.
She told reporters there are still “unknown numbers of people” still inside the building.
Ms Cotton said: "Sadly we do anticipate the death toll will rise - we haven't done our searches of the top floors yet."
The recovery operation is expected to take days to complete.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: David Parker/Daily Mirror)
Once it is safe for crews, a fingertip search of the tower will begin.
She also said the authorities 'genuinely don't know' how many victims died in building blaze.
So far the death toll is at 12, but the authorities have said they expect this figure to rise.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: EPA)
A firefighter who battled the inferno has made a grim prediction after he only made it to the 10th floor.
Terry, firefighter for more than 20 years, revealed the harrowing scenes that he saw inside the tower block.
He told LBC it was the biggest fire London has seen since the Blitz, adding: “I only went as far as the 10th floor. What we saw, that [death] toll is going to rise.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: AFP)
“No matter what plan you had to deal with that sort of fire, that plan was going to fall down. It was just like those images of 9/11.
"The amount of kit that this job has absorbed from the London Fire Brigade is unbelievable. It's like a warzone.”
He said firefighters ran a “gauntlet” of flaming debris as it rained down on top of them and rescued many people from the stairwells.
The London Fire Brigade's latest statement said firefighters worked with the gas authority to isolate a ruptured gas main in the block.
Once that work was completed crews were able to extinguish the fire using a 40-metre (131ft) aerial platform brought in by Surrey Fire and Rescue Service.
The fire was under control by 1.14am, just over 24 hours after it was reported.
(Photo: REUTERS)
The statement added: “Firefighters will be at the scene throughout today, with around 60 firefighters and eight fire engines and other specialist resources still in attendance.
“Our Urban Search and Rescue teams will also be working with local authority contractors to shore up the building to make it safe to continue with the next phase of the operation.
“The cause of the fire is not known at this stage and will be the subject of an thorough investigation.”
(Photo: Rex Features)
Labour MP David Lammy has labelled the fire “corporate manslaughter” as he called for arrests to be made.
His friend, artist Khadija Saye, 24, is missing, along with her mother Mary Mendy.
Mr Lammy described the fire as an “outrage”, telling BBC Radio 4's Today programme: “This is the richest borough in our country treating its citizens in this way.
“We should call it what it is, it's corporate manslaughter, that's what it is and there should be arrests made, frankly.”
Today the Queen offered her “thoughts and prayers” to the families of the victims and hailed the “bravery” of emergency services.
She said in a statement: “My thoughts and prayers are with those families who have lost loved ones in the Grenfell Tower fire and the many people who are still critically ill in hospital.
(Photo: PA)
“Prince Philip and I would like to pay tribute to the bravery of firefighters and other emergency services officers who put their own lives at risk to save others.
“It is also heartening to see the incredible generosity of community volunteers rallying to help those affected by this terrible event."
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The jury has retired in the trial of Rohan Ince, the Brighton midfielder who is accused of bottling a nightclub bouncer on Christmas Day.
Ince, 24, denies wounding with intent outside Windsor nightclub Atik in the early hours of Christmas morning after a night out on December 24 in 2015.
Doorman Gregor Jurcic, 27, required seven staples in his head after suffering a "nasty" head injury in the alleged attack, Reading Crown Court heard.
Up to 500 people had gathered outside the nightclub, on Victoria Street, between 3.30am and 4am on that Christmas morning.
Ince, who is currently on loan at Swindon Town, is said to have jumped up and hit Mr Jurcic, who was helping police disperse revellers at the time, in a "slam dunk".
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
But the footballer denied carrying out the attack, insisting he had not been holding a bottle and that it was a case of mistaken identity.
Jurors were told Mr Jurcic's blood was found on a distinctive green bomber jacket Ince was wearing that night.
But in evidence read to the court, forensic expert Helen Davies cast doubt on whether the stain was caused during the attack or afterwards.
In a statement she said: "In my opinion I would not expect a transfer of Gregor Jurcic's blood on to Rohan Ince's jacket as a result of hitting Mr Jurcic over the head with a bottle from behind, as alleged."
Instead it could have got there when Mr Jurcic - by then bleeding heavily - approached Ince as he was being restrained on the ground by a police officer and another doorman.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
Ms Davies said: "In my opinion, although I would not expect a transfer of Gregor Jurcic's blood on to Rohan Ince's jacket as a result of the original incident, a transfer of blood is within my expectations given that Gregor Jurcic returned to Rohan Ince while he was bleeding heavily.
"In my opinion the findings in relation to the blood pattern do not assist in addressing the issue of whether or not Rohan Ince was involved in assaulting Gregor Jurcic."
Neither Ince nor his brother, with whom he was out on the night in question, were called to give evidence.
But in police interviews played and read to the court, Ince said he was "gobsmacked" at being arrested.
He told officers that after leaving the club some time after 3am he went to help his brother, who was being repeatedly punched by another man during a confrontation in the street nearby.
After punching his brother's assailant Ince said he himself was attacked, and after the fracas escalated near the club he tripped while running away and was then "mounted" by a police officer and a doorman.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: PA)
Ince, of Ashford, Middlesex, said in interview: "I didn't touch a bottle in that whole period of time, let alone attack someone. I think they misidentified me."
He claimed he was mistakenly identified by another bouncer simply because he was tall and wearing a green jacket, and so stood out.
He said: "I can't stress enough how I did not attack a bouncer. I would never feel a reason to bottle anyone anywhere, let alone a bouncer who is trying to protect everyone."
The court also heard that no fingerprints were found on the fragments of Jack Daniel's bottle recovered at the scene.
And "potentially very significant" CCTV footage that was likely captured by a nearby camera was never available as police "dropped a clanger" in failing to access it before it was erased.
Ince denies a single charge of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm, and jurors were told they can consider a statutory alternative of the lesser charge of unlawful wounding, without the intent to cause serious harm.
OFFENSE - B
In what likely was his final game as a Jets quarterback, Ryan Fitzpatrick was 20-for-30 passing for 210 yards with two touchdowns, no interceptions and a 109.0 QB rating. In the absence of No. 1 running back Matt Forte (injured reserve), Bilal Powell shouldered the load, recording his second 100-plus yard performance of the season. He had 122 yards on 22 carries and surpassed 1,000 offensive yards for the first time in his six-year career. Quincy Enunwa's two catches for 60 yards set up Powell's 2-yard TD catch on the Jets' first scoring drive. With an offensive line featuring only one Week 1 starter (James Carpenter), the Jets outrushed the Bills, 127-68, and outgained them, 329-230. Rookie Jalin Marshall's had his second TD of the season.
DEFENSE - A
Save for a 1-yard TD run in garbage time, the unit kept the Bills out of the end zone most of the afternoon. The defense had its way with Bills quarterback E.J. Manuel (9 of 20 passing for 86 yards, two sacks) and cornerback Darrelle Revis had his first interception of the season when he picked off backup Cardale Jones late in the fourth quarter. Revis' 51-yard return on the play — his longest since a 64-yarder vs. San Diego in 2011 — set up Nick Folk's third field and made it 23-3. Defensive end Muhammad Wilkerson had a sack for the second straight week to up his season total to 4 1⁄2. Sheldon Richardson had six tackles, two for a loss, a pass defensed and a recovered fumble. Rookie Jordan Jenkins had a sack, as did newly-acquired linebacker Corey Lemonier, who leveled Manuel for a loss of 12 with a bone-rattling hit in the third. Jenkins' fumble recovery on the play set up Marshall's 6-yard score. The Jets, who entered with only 16 points off turnovers, finished plus-3 in turnover margin.
SPECIAL TEAMS - B+
Safety Doug Middleton caught Buffalo sleeping late in the fourth quarter. After the Bills failed to cover the ball on a Folk kickoff, Middleton jumped on it after it rolled into the end zone to make it 30-3 with 3:21 to go. It was the Jets' first special teams TD in the past 50 games, since Antonio Allen recovered a blocked punt for a score against Oakland in 2013. Folk provided nine points on three field goals (30, 36, 25 yards). In place of return man Nick Marshall (inactive), Jalin Marshall had a 32-yard kickoff return and a career-long 19-yard punt return.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
COACHING - B
With nothing to play for, Todd Bowles' players could have mailed it in, but didn't. The outcome of Sunday's game had no bearing on the coach's long-term status, but one thing is certain: He has to be better with game management next season. Case in point: He blew two second-half timeouts on one drive. Feeding Powell is a move Chan Gailey should have made months ago. Credit offensive line coach Steve Marshall for handling a plethora of injuries all season. His makeshift line didn't surrender a sack vs. the Bills. Also credit wide receivers coach Karl Dorrell for the improvement of his younger charges.
New Delhi: WhatsApp users with older version of Android and iPhones are in for disappointment, as they have lost compatibility with WhatsApp.
Here is the list of operating systems (OS), WhatsApp will stop supporting at the end of 2016:
Android 2.1 and Android 2.2
Windows Phone 7
iPhone 3GS/iOS 6
According to the report, any iPhone 4, 4S, or 5 that has not been updated to the newest version of the operating system -- iOS 10 -- would also not support WhatsApp.
Owners of BlackBerry OS, BlackBerry 10, Nokia S40 and Nokia Symbian S60 may derive some comfort from the fact that WhatsApp will continue on these phones until June 30, 2017.
The changes are thought to be in large part to allow WhatsApp to more deeply integrate encryption and other privacy services. Such technology stops messages from being read, and has led to WhatsApp facing criticism from governments who believe that WhatsApp conversations should be made public, the report said.
Three bear cubs have been rescued in Bulgaria after villagers found them roaming alone on a road in the country's southern Rhodope mountains, the Four Paws animal charity said Monday.
The fact that there was no trace of the mother prompted environment ministry officials to send the brown cubs to a sanctuary run by Four Paws in the nearby town of Belitsa, where vets found them to be suffering from stress but in relatively good health.
The cubs, two male and one female, are about three months old and weigh between two to three kilos each.
Photo: AFP
Animal carers started feeding them goat's milk and vitamins while keeping up the search for traces of their mother.
However, Four Paws' Dimitar Ivanov warned: "Our experience shows us that in 90 per cent of the cases of bear cubs found in the wild, the mother has been chased away or shot by poachers."
If unable to reunite them with their mother, the organisation plans to send the cubs to the Arcturos bear sanctuary in neighbouring Greece, where they will be prepared for their reintegration back into the wild.
According to the environment ministry there are around 800 brown bears in Bulgaria, one of Europe's largest populations of the protected species.
© Global Look Press
Half of respondents to a survey in Russia told researchers they were unsurprised by recent Hollywood sexual harassment scandals. The historical allegations against famous figures were viewed as just an everyday occurrence in western show business.In a poll conducted by the Public Opinion research foundation, about 51 percent of Russians said that they had heard about the latest string of sex-related scandals in Hollywood. Of those who'd heard about them, 18 percent thought that the victims' testimonies are truthful and well-founded, 15 percent called the accusations far-fetched, while 20 percent said they did not know enough to draw conclusions.Almost all respondents who were aware of the stories - 50 percent -. 31 percent thought that it was wrong for alleged victims to raise the issue decades after the event, but 50 percent said that sex crimes should have no statute of limitation.Asked if they thought that victims should share part of the responsibility in sexual harassment cases, 48 percent of respondents answered in the affirmative. By contrast, 33 percent said that the blame should be attached solely to the alleged predator.In any case,; 57 percent told researchers that they thought sexual harassment a criminal rather than a civil offence.The poll was held in early December, shortly before TIME magazine named the #MeToo social movement (aimed at raising awareness about such harassment) as the most influential 'person' in 2017.TIME's recognition comes amid a wave of public allegations of sexual misconduct that have singled out some of the most prominent men in US politics, media and entertainment. The allegations have already led to multiple firings and investigations.
The Lincoln Aviator was a welcomed surprise when it made its debut as a prototype at the New York Auto Show back in March. The head-turning, high-riding SUV wielded a biturbo hybrid V6 with a plug-in powertrain, and a rear-wheel-drive platform – but was still far from a road-ready vehicle. Now, new spy photos show the upcoming Aviator with a slightly more production-ready look.
Most of the body is covered in camouflage, of course, but we can still make out some defining cues. For one, the body retains most of the same shape and size of the original New York prototype – if not a bit sharper. Lincoln execs did promise that the production version would be almost identical to the prototype.
Hidden behind camouflage on the front fascia, the signature Lincoln grille found on both the Aviator concept and the larger Navigator appears to carry over. The headlights, too, maintain a similar shape and size to the original prototype. The rear is less revealing, but shows the extended light bar in tow.
In the cabin, Lincoln has attempted to hide the Aviator's features – but no luck. The same massive tablet-style screen is pictured, showing off features like Bluetooth, Navigation, Sync Connect, Mobile Apps, and more. The rest of the cabin, meanwhile, remains covered up.
It's unclear exactly when we'll see the production Aviator in the sheet metal, but don't expect it anytime before 2019. The production Aviator will show up next year (we'd wager at the Detroit Auto Show), before going on sale late in 2019 as a 2020 model.
Source: Automedia
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pregnant woman and a man seriously injured a woman in a supermarket car park.
Police officers investigating the assault in Huntingdon town centre are appealing for witnesses.
The woman, who is in her 20s, was assaulted by the man and woman in Sainsbury's carpark, St Germain Walk, around 2.10pm on April 10.
The victim suffered serious but not life threatening injuries as a result of the attack.
The suspects are described as a pregnant white woman in her 20s, who is about 5ft 2inch tall with dark brown hair in a ponytail, and a white man also in his 20s, described as having a slim build with short black hair.
Anyone with information regarding this incident should contact police on 101 quoting CF0203850417. Alternatively call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or visit crimestoppers-uk.org
The fourth annual Ridgefield Gone Country BBQ Festival starts Saturday, May 6, at 11 a.m. and runs through Sunday, May 7, at 5 p.m. The festival is a collaboration between the Ridgefield Rotary Club and the Lounsbury House.
There will be local musicians including: Danbury's The Red Hots, Jesse Lynch and Joe Pacelli, Wilton's Jerome Goosman, New Rochelle's Michelle DeAngelis, Woodbury's Erik Krieg, and Ridgefield's Mackensie and Caitlin, of School of Rock.
The Lounsbury House is located at 316 Main Street.
Tickets: $10 for adults and $5 for students; children under 12 admitted free. Learn more at RidgefieldBBQCT.com.
The proceeds of this event are returned to charities via the Rotary grant process and to maintaining the Lounsbury House.
Internet Marketing has many to beneifits both to the company and to the consumer. Allowing easy access to gain more information about your business is a wonderful tool that can open many doors. This article will discuss all the benefits of internet marketing, and why you should be participating.
Creating a multi-sensory experience with your online properties is the key to successful internet marketing. Incorporate either an interactive space on your website, an audio option, a video option or all of the above. This will help visitors to your online properties experience your brand more fully and remember you above competitors.
To become more efficient, you should set goals for yourself. Use a program to keep track of how many clicks each ad gets. If an ad does not meet the quotas you have set, you need to try something different. Be exigent with yourself, and if you see that your methods are not working you should always be ready to try something new.
If you do not have a house e-mail list make one right away! This is often a great tool that many people do not utilize for internet marketing. Once you have one, let people know about it. Make it simple to subscribe to, do not ask for more information than you need and send quality e-mails to your followers, customers and visitors who sign up for the e-mail services. People still forward e-mails to their friends and family members. It is a tool to not be overlooked!
Place your advertisements in the best spots for them. Cutting a paragraph in half with a banner link to the product you are talking about may actually annoy your readers away from buying it! Place ads in sensible places, such as in sidebars, overhead, or after the article in question. People are more likely to click on links when they don't feel pressured to do so.
If you understand the primary target for your Internet marketing site, take the time to do some research on how women and men may shop differently online to boost your sales. This information can give you insight on how to position your product or services to account for these differences and how much information to offer about them.
Grab people's attention with your homepage. Use images and ideas that stand out and raise their curiosity so that they will want to find out more. Use unexpected colors or layouts, but keep it straightforward enough that the page is still easy to navigate and stays focused on the featured products.
If you're an established business owner just getting started with marketing on the Internet, try sending out press releases. You can even have experienced writers create them for you to take the mystery out of it. There are plenty of Web sites that will distribute your press releases for free, and many media outlets that glean information from press releases, so it's a tactic worth trying to raise your visibility on the Internet.
Blogging is a great tool if you are using the internet to help your business along. It may take some time to get the blog up and running, and you will need to update it regularly, but it is an excellent way to give your customers a better way to know more about you, and your product.
A fantastic way to increase your site visibility is to create site map pages which outline all the different parts of your site. This makes it easier for your site to be navigated, and will allow search engines to locate all the different sections of your site more easily.
Most of the people that are going to read your website will read text left to right. This means that their attention will be focused on the top left corner of your page the majority of the time. Make sure that the more important elements of your page are located in this quadrant.
It's important that if you're linking on someone else's site for internet marketing that you make sure your link is a "do-follow" link. You can click the page source of any link and look at the HTML. Unless it specifically says something to extent of "do not follow," you know you're safe here. Always be sure to check this.
Take advantage of free online local business directories, such as Google Local Business Center, Yahoo! Local, Local.com, SuperPages, YellowPages.com, InfoUSA, Localeze and Yelp. Listing your business in these directories will not cost you any money and you should see a boost in your website visitors. The visitors referred to your website from these sources, are also likely to be interested in your product or service, so conversion should be easy.
Combine useful products into a package deal. Offering each single product at a higher price, but combining them into one that would be lower for each item is a tactic used by thousands of stores throughout the world, simply because it works. Customers would likely purchase these products at some point anyway, so allowing them to do it as a cheaper bundle is a great incentive.
To conclude, one of the best ways to promote your products is through internet marketing. You really need to figure out what you are supposed to do in order to be a successful Internet marketer. Take the advice given in this article and use it to cement your understanding on how to become a successful Internet marketer.
The board that approved the release of a former track coach sent to prison explains how it reaches its decisions.
Ato Stephens was sentenced in August to 18 months in prison relating to illicit photos he received from a teenage girl.
The Conditional Release Board recently granted him conditional release.
A spokesperson tells Cayman 27 any prisoner serving a term of imprisonment of more than one year is eligible to apply to the Conditional Release Board for release on license after serving sixty percent of their sentence.
That includes time spent remanded in custody.
The Board says it has access to several relevant reports before making its decision, including reports about the likelihood of the prisoner re-offending.
Those out on conditional release are subject to supervision and can be sent back to jail if they breach the terms of their conditional release.
Mr. Stephens was sentenced to be deported after serving his sentence, but the Immigration Department recently told Cayman 27 it was processing all matters relating to his status in Cayman.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has warned Fred to forget about a move to Old Trafford if he doesn't put pen to paper before the World Cup.
Manchester United are closing in on the £50million Brazilian and Mourinho wants the deal for the Shakhtar Donetsk star to be done by the end of next week.
Fred had planned to put talk over his future on hold until after this summer's tournament in Russia.
However, Mourinho has apparently told the 25-year-old that United will put out of the race unless he commits by the time the World Cup gets underway, according to The Sun.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: fred08official/Instagram)
Meanwhile, eagle-eyed United fans have spotted that photographer Craig Norwood - who regularly deals with the club and players - has now started following Fred on Instagram. So that can only mean one thing, right?
Norwood has a reputation of only following United players once they've signed for the Red Devils, and follows the likes of Paul Pogba and Alexis Sanchez on the platform.
And that has got United fans excited.
You might as well just announce the signing now, lads.
It's as good as done.
© Adrian Dennis/Agence France-Presse
Let us face the truth: Assad has been clinging on. With the help of Russians and Iranians, and by dint of unrelenting savagery, he has not only recaptured Aleppo. He has also won back most of "operational" Syria.
The brute facts of the strategic position, alas, are much as they were 10 days ago (ie. before the Khan Sheikhoun chemical attack - AM). Yes, America has struck and could of course strike again. That alone creates an ambiguity that should prey on the guilty minds of Damascus. But we all know that we are a very long day's march from any large-scale deployment, any major western engagement in Syria.
The lessons of the 2003 invasion of Iraq are painful, and they understandably affect politicians and the public on both sides of the Atlantic.
.....we need to show the Russians the horrific nature of the regime they are backing in terms they cannot fail to understand. This is, in fact, an opportunity for Russia. Moscow has reached the high point of its influence in Syria. They still have innumerable rebel groups to subdue, and they find themselves in a league of supervillains with Hizbollah and Assad. Is that what they want?
Now is surely the moment for them to make a sensible compromise - to join a coalition of more than 60 countries in the fight against Daesh, to maintain their strategic interests in Syria, with the prospect of more productive relations with President Trump and in the knowledge that the West will eventually help rebuild the country.
In exchange they should commit to produce a real ceasefire, to end the use of chemical weapons and barrel bombs, and to bring about a political settlement that relieves the Syrians of the tyranny of Assad.
The Russians saved him. The Russians can help remove him, through a carefully supervised transition process that preserves key institutions of state - and usher in a stable and pluralist future for the country.....
He is literally and metaphorically toxic, and it is time Russia awoke to that fact. They still have time to be on the right side of the argument.
......it seems that the US offered to join with the Russians in a joint military campaign in Syria against Al Qaeda and Daesh. Prior to going to Moscow Kerry also let slip that some of what he called "subgroups" affiliated to Al Qaeda would be targeted as well. However in return the Russians were apparently expected to accept US leadership of the military campaign, cease bombing rebel groups in Syria aligned with the US, and agree to the eventual removal of President Assad.
If that is in outline what Kerry was proposing then it is not difficult to see why the Russians would reject it. Essentially what Kerry seems to have offered them was yet another plan to overthrow President Assad, this time with their assistance, in return for a place in a US led military coalition.
Assuming that that was the offer - and all the indications are that it was - then it provides a further example of the US's inability to adjust to the reality of the Russia it is now dealing with. What the US offered Russia was essentially nothing more than a symbolic gesture in return for the sacrifice of Russia's entire position in Syria. The days are long past when the Russians were prepared to sacrifice fundamental positions in return for symbolic gestures. It is the sort of offer a Gorbachev or a Yeltsin might have accepted. With Putin it stood no chance. It is perplexing the US has still not grasped the point.
In truth the story of the diplomacy of the Syrian conflict has been a continuous repetition of the same happening: the US pushes the Russians to agree to have President Assad removed. The US make various offers or threats to the Russians to buy or force their agreement. The Russians respond that President Assad's future is a strictly Syrian internal matter, which they will not involve themselves in. The US walks away, baffled and angry.
The same thing happens again and again, Kerry's talks in Moscow with Putin and Lavrov being just the latest example.
The US are not the only ones to have made the same pitch to the Russians only to get the same result. In July 2013 the head of Saudi intelligence Prince Bandar bin Sultan bin Abdulaziz Al Saud flew secretly to Moscow where he also made various offers and threats at a private meeting with Putin to get the Russians to agree to the removal of President Assad. To his bafflement and anger the Russians said no - as they always do.
In truth the inability of the US and its Western and Arab allies to accept that Russian opposition to their regime policy in Syria and elsewhere is for real, and that the Russians cannot be bullied or bribed to change it, is one of the oddest things about the whole Syrian conflict. Despite the fact the Russians have gone repeatedly out of their way to explain their policy, the US and its allies seem incapable of believing that the Russians are really serious about it. They always seem to think that the Russians are really just playing some cynical game, and that if they are made the right sort of offer, or put under the right sort of pressure, they can be brought round and made to agree to let Assad go.
By now - five years after the conflict began - it ought to be obvious that that isn't going to happen. Kerry's trip to Moscow and the long hours of fruitless negotiations he had there however shows that the US still can't bring itself to accept the fact.
In admission of West's lack of strong cards, Britain's Boris Johnson again offers Russia the same plan - the offer of a junior place in the US's anti-ISIS coalition in return for Russia ditching President Assad - the Russians rejected last July.Boris Johnson, Britain's well-known journalist and occasional foreign minister, has written a curious article for the Daily Telegraph, which exposes both the bankruptcy of the West's thinking about the crisis in Syria, and the West's lack of any truly strong cards to play in that crisis.The article begins with the important admission thatNonetheless Johnson continues to say that President Assad remaining in power is "unacceptable" and that he must be removed from office. As to how it is to be done when the West can't do it, the answer is the same as always: Russia must do itThis is the same proposal - that Russia ditch President Assad in return for a junior place in the US's anti-ISIS coalition - which the Obama administration made to Russia in July 2016, and which the Russians then rejected at a time when President Assad's and their own military position in Syria were significantly weaker than they are now. This is how I reported it then I said at the time that the Russians would have no hesitation rejecting such an offer:A few days later, when it was confirmed that the Russians had rejected this offer, I said this It is sad but entirely predictable that the clownish Boris Johnson is still unable to accept this fact, so that he is still floating a plan the Russians rejected 9 months ago, and variants of which they have been repeatedly rejecting ever since the Syrian crisis began in 2011.The Russians will of course again reject this proposal now that Boris Johnson is re-floating it. As he all but admits, nothing has changed to induce the Russians to accept a proposal they rejected 9 months ago, when their position was weaker.
Stoke manager Mark Hughes has urged his players to be fuelled by the fan fury they experienced at a train station following Saturday's thrashing by Tottenham.
Hughes' squad were greeted by an angry mob of Potters supporters when they arrived back in the city following the 5-1 loss to Spurs at Wembley, with the defeat leaving them three points above the relegation zone ahead of Tuesday's trip to Burnley.
Fans who had shared the journey back with the players to Stoke vented their frustration on the station's platform, chanting "you're not fit to wear the shirt" at Hughes' players.
Stoke have won just three of their previous 15 games and if the squad were not aware of the growing displeasure among their followers, they were given a public display of it at the weekend.
Hughes admits some of his players may never have witnessed such scenes but hopes it will inspire them to fight for the cause ahead of pre-Christmas contests with Burnley, West Ham and West Brom.
"That is still resonating - it's good we have a game on Tuesday because it is still fresh in the mind, fresh in their ears probably," he said.
"Use it as a motivating factor. Don't allow people to have an opportunity to question you. You do that by playing well, getting results.
"There could be individuals in our group who haven't experienced it before, but they have now. So they can use it now.
"You either suck it up and do something about it or you go under, and we can't accept players like that. I don't feel we have players like that.
"Sometimes you need a reality check, and understand how our results and performances affect people.
"Each and every one of us understood that before the weekend, so let's use it as a motivating factor, don't let it make you insular or go into your shell."
Though Stoke's players regularly travel back from away games alongside supporters, fans were peeved by Hughes' team conceding four or more against Spurs for the fourth game in a row.
Moreover, their numbers were greater due to trains being delayed out of the capital, and fans were then locked inside carriages and made to wait while Hughes' team were allowed off the train first.
It was an indication of the ill feeling towards not just the players but Hughes himself.
"There's been an undercurrent since I've been here," the boss added of the flak aimed in his direction.
"On the day I was appointed there was a car outside the stadium with 'Hughes out' written on it - that was before I even got here!
'But I understand it, some people won't like you or your teams, your picks, your substitutions; some don't like your hair or the way you speak.
'You can't take exception to it, I'm the public face of the team so I have to take the brunt of it, I accept that to a certain extent."
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett hopes Derby can dispel claims of “a curse” after denting Cardiff's bid for automatic promotion
Callum Paterson struck a superb first half volley to Neil Warnock's men infront at the break.
It would have left the second-placed Bluebirds needing just a win at Hull on Saturday to go up.
But Rams hitman Cameron Jerome scored with a good finish in the 69th minute goal to level.
Then sub Matej Vydra smashed in an 82nd minute scorcher amid a stirring fight-back before Jerome grabbed his second.
It denied Cardiff a sweet win after the original game was postponed at short-notice last month due to snow to Warnock's fury.
The win reinvigorated Derby's play-off hopes as they climbed back into sixth spot after just two wins in 13 games previously.
Manager Rowett was relieved after criticism that Derby blow promotion annually around this year.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Rowett, who previously bossed Burton and Birmingham, said: “As soon as we lose everyone goes ballistic about the curse.
“I certainly wasn't going to urinate in all four corners of the ground to try and lift it. But it probably got to the players.
“Until you win enough games to get promoted it is always going to be levelled at Derby.
“It's the biggest test I've faced as a manager and the most difficult period.
“Having been on the run we have been on it has been incredibly deflating.
“This is a massive win, we knew it was going to be a real test.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Derby started well as home midfielder Bradley Johnson and Tom Lawrence had efforts. The hosts had a major escape when Johnson handled Jamie Ward's shot.
But there was no stopping the visitors in the 28 minute when Paterson smashed in an unstoppable opener. Joe Bennett flighted a ball to the back post where Paterson volleyed in his 10th of the season after Marcus Olsson lost his man.
(Image: PA)
After the break, Derby deservedly equalised when Jerome held off Sean Morrison to turn the stopper and score with a right-foot shot on the turn.
Sub Vydra notched his 21st this term by hammering in Andre Wisdom's pass after he robbed Yanic Wildshut on the byline.
Jerome completed the comeback in the 90 minute after another Morrison mistake to embarrass the visitors' captain who recently taunted Derby in clip leaked on social media.
(Image: PA Wire.)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Warnock rued: “It was the most blatant penalty as Johnson moves his hand to the ball.
“I am disappointed in the decisions but it doesn't compensate for conceding three Sunday League balls.
“I can't blame the weather for the goals we conceded.
“The lads are all flat but I just said to them most teams would love to have 86 points and need to win two games to get promotion.”
Player Ratings
Derby: Carson 6, Wisdom 7, Keogh 7, Davies 7, Forsyth 6, Olsson 6 (Vydra 60, 7), Weimann 7 (Pearce 87, 6), Johnson 7, Huddlestone 7, Lawrence 6 (Hanson 87, 6), Jerome 8 MOTM
Cardiff: Etheridge 7, Manga 7 Booked, Morrison 6, Bamba 7, Paterson 7 Booked, Ralls Booked 6, Gunnarsson 7, Ward 6 (Wildschut 74, 2), Bennett 6 Booked, Hoilett 6 (Pilkington 74, 6), Madine 5 (Zohore 67, 6)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The reason Pep Guardiola gave Raheem Sterling a peck on the cheek the other night was probably to stop himself wringing his player's neck after another glaring miss.
Or, for those totally in thrall to the unbridled genius of Guardiola, it was the sort of compassionate man-management last enjoyed by the Twelve Apostles.
Worshipping at the altar of Pep is no bad thing.
He is producing a brand of football with Manchester City that is utterly mesmeric, heavenly, and now we know what a real Special One looks like.
But let's not make him a special case.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
The signs were there when the Football Association decided they should just ‘remind him of his responsibilities' after he ambushed Southampton's Nathan Redmond at the end of a match in November and berated him for not playing in the way Pep thought he should be playing.
Ah, it was just his passion, spreading his gospel to the needy at other clubs.
Redmond should have been grateful.
Last Sunday in Cardiff, Guardiola's anger was understandable.
By the final whistle, he knew Joe Bennett's disgraceful challenge - if it can be called a challenge - would mean Leroy Sané missing a couple of months' action.
Not only that, Guardiola, by that point, knew the consequences could have been a lot worse.
(Image: AFP)
So he vented his fury on Mason. He was on the pitch for a minute, pointing at Mason, shouting, ranting.
As he finally left the field, he could not resist one last accusatory jab of the finger.
That was that.
Guardiola's very public castigation of a match official was deemed acceptable because of the violence of Bennett's offence.
Yet having been inside the stadium myself, that violence was only painfully evident on televised review.
The FA did not even remind him of his responsibilities this time.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA Wire)
As Stan Collymore pointed out in his MirrorFootball column at the beginning of the week, Guardiola's call for players to be better protected was marking referees' cards.
And the public's card, too.
That is partly why, in the match against West Bromwich Albion, Matt Phillips' scything lunge at Brahim Diaz drew much more critical attention than Fernandinho treading on Grzegorz Krychowiak.
On Wednesday night, Guardiola took off at fourth official Kevin Friend, who felt compelled to call over ref Bobby Madley.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Crimes against City's players are mounting, yet that is only part-mitigation for Guardiola's berating of officials.
However, playing the type of football he has brought to these shores pretty much gives you unlimited credit.
That is why most will swallow the line that Guardiola has long been on the trail of Riyad Mahrez, and not just after Sane got injured.
(Image: PA)
That is why his declaration that City cannot make the big, big signings does not get laughed out of court.
That is why everyone loves his scarf.
That is why we all love him — because we have not seen football of this standard played game in, game out, by a single team on these shores in our lifetimes. That is no exaggeration.
Pep's a messiah, for sure.
But we should not forget he can be a very naughty boy.
CHICAGO PRE-COLLEGE SCIENCE & ENGINEERING PROGRAM HOLDS FIRST FUNDRAISER THURS, SEPT 11 AT UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS
CHICAGO (August 18, 2014) — The Chicago Pre-College Science & Engineering Program (ChiS&E), an innovative STEM program serving grades K-5 will hold its first fundraiser on Thursday, September 11, 2014. The theme of the event is “Developing Tomorrow's Engineers.” It will be held at the University of Illinois@ Chicago, 750 S. Halsted Street from 5:30 – 7:30 p.m.
Founded in 2008 by Chicagoan Kenneth Hill, the non-profit ChiS&E program is modeled on the award-winning Detroit Area Pre-College Engineering Program (DAPCEP) Hill established there in 1976. Hill served as the program's executive director until 2004 when he retired and relocated to Chicago. The Chicago program is distinguished by a “cyber learning” component where students and parents use computers, cameras, hand-held devices, a website and blogs to document their activities and share them with their classrooms and their families
Beginning with seven schools in 2008, the program now serves twice as many schools in low-income communities of color on the South and West sides of Chicago. Among many activities, in 2012 3rd grade students attended a Summer Lab Program at the University of Chicago Lab School where they engaged in hands-on activities that reinforced or challenged math skills. In 2013, a bridge construction competition among 4th grade students in the structural engineering track was held at the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT). In 2014 5th grade students spent an entire month studying math with math professors at the University of Illinois @ Urbana-Champaign and U of I-Chicago.
The program has been lauded by many including former CPS Chief Education Officer Barbara Eason-Watkins who encouraged its development in Chicago. Recently ChiS&E was one of only 30 organizations out of a pool of 1130 applicants, nation-wide, to be awarded a 3-year $450,000 grant from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation (WKKF) for its work in “developing and implementing transformative family engagement programs in the field of early childhood education.” To make a contribution, visit the website at http://www.chiprep.org.
About The Chicago Pre-College Science and Engineering Program
The Chicago Pre-College Science and Engineering Program (ChiS&E) provides highly-engaging, age-appropriate hands-on science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) activities for Chicago Public School (CPS) students in grades K–5 and their parents. For more information please visit http://www.chiprep.org or the bi-lingual website at http://www.mylittleengineers.com.
BOSTON (AP) — The intensifying legal tussle over whether a struggling Massachusetts museum should be allowed to auction 40 works of art, including two by Norman Rockwell, has raised questions about when — if ever — it's appropriate to unload the collection.
A look at the arguments for and against, and why the case against the Berkshire Museum has aroused such anger:
___
WHY IS THE MUSEUM SELLING THE ART?
In simple terms, the Pittsfield museum says it needs to sell the art for its very survival.
The museum, founded in 1903, says it has been running an operating deficit that in the past 10 years has averaged more than $1 million annually, and will close within eight years without an infusion of cash. If it closes, all the art will be lost, museum officials have argued.
The art sale “would allow us to protect our most important asset: our open doors,” Elizabeth McGraw, president of the museum's board of trustees, wrote in an op-ed piece in The Berkshire Eagle.
The goal of the auction is to raise $50 to $60 million to boost the endowment by about $40 million and fund renovations. The museum is pivoting away from art and more toward natural history and science to fill a currently empty niche in a region known for its world-class museums and cultural institutions.
___
WHAT ARE THE OBJECTIONS?
The decision to sell the art , announced publicly in July, was made after two years of meetings. It drew immediate condemnation from national museum groups as well as area residents who said selling the collection to pay the bills violates a cardinal rule of museums.
The sale of the two Rockwell pieces struck a nerve because the famed illustrator lived in nearby Stockbridge for the last 25 years of his life and gave the oil paintings to the museum as gifts. One of them, “Shuffleton's Barbershop,” could fetch as much as $30 million at auction.
Opponents of the sale say the museum's contentions about its dire financial condition are vastly overstated.
A Williams College economist who looked at the museum's finances determined that all it needs is an infusion of about $11 million to its current $8 million endowment to operate in the black, according to Michael Keating, a lawyer for several parties — including Rockwell's three sons — who went to court to block the sale.
The museum has consistently stood behind its financial assertions.
___
WHAT IS THE LEGAL BATTLE ABOUT?
The auction of the first seven of the 40 works, including the Rockwell pieces, was scheduled for Nov. 13.
But Rockwell's sons and others went to court in October to halt the sale . The Rockwell pieces were gifts to the museum from Rockwell himself, made with the understanding that they would be kept as part of the museum's permanent collection, Keating said. Many of the other pieces on the auction block came to the Berkshire Museum from the now defunct Berkshire Athenaeum and are subject to a state law that said they should not be taken out of Pittsfield.
Although the Superior Court judge denied that request to halt the sale, the attorney general's office, which has jurisdiction over public charitable trusts including museums, asked for and received from the state Appeals Court an injunction to allow for the completion of an investigation into whether the sale is legal.
That injunction was supposed to expire Monday but the attorney general's office has asked for an extension until Jan. 29. The judge did not immediately rule pending a response from the museum's lawyers due Tuesday.
___
WHAT'S NEXT?
Museum officials and trustees repeatedly have said there are no legal barriers to the auction.
William Lee, a lawyer for the museum, has asked for an expedited trial due to the institution's “precarious financial position.”
But the endgame for the legal wrangling could be months away. Ultimately, it could be decided by the Supreme Judicial Court, the state's highest court.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Madrid, July 4 - The founder of migrant rescue NGO Open Arms Oscar Camps said Wednesday its flagship's voyage to Barcelona after the closure of Italy and Malta's ports "cost us four days and 360 lives". Speaking after the ship docked in the Catalan capital, Camps said there are no NGO ships off Libya at the moment, saying that in the last few days "we left 360 people to die". He said "the government of Malta does not let our ships leave and the government of Italy does not let us in". Interior Minister Matteo Salvini has shit Italy's ports to NGO migrant-rescuing ships, while allowing other, Italian ships in.
1 of 4 View Captions
(Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune) Ashley Marian Ramos and Benjamin Young rehearse for Elaine Jarvik's new children's... (Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune) Ashley Marian Ramos and Benjamin Young rehearse for Elaine Jarvik's new children's... (Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune) Ashley Marian Ramos and Benjamin Young rehearse for Elaine Jarvik's new children's... (Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune) Ashley Marian Ramos and Benjamin Young rehearse for Elaine Jarvik's new children's ...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A £2 million personalised Bugatti supercar and one of Michael Jackson 's jewel-encrusted gloves have been presented as evidence against an allegedly corrupt African playboy.
Teodorin Obiang is also said to have owned a £100 million mansion on one of Paris' top streets complete with a personal disco, cinema and bathrooms with solid gold taps.
Lawyers for Obiang, vice president of Equatorial Guinea, today appeared in court in Paris where he is accused of "shamelessly" looting his oil-rich country, leaving millions in a state of absolute poverty.
The 47-year-old faces 10 years in prison if he is found guilty of a range of charges, including stealing public funds, money laundering and breach of trust.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: CEN)
However, he has refused to attend the Paris Correctional Court, and says there is no chance of him serving any sentence because he will stay in Africa.
All the allegations relate to Obiang's billionaire lifestyle across the world, but particularly in the French capital.
The house in Avenue Foch – one of the most prestigious roads in the world – was seized in 2011, along with eleven cars including the Bugatti Veyron, which was etched with Obiang's name.
(Photo: CEN)
Also in his fleet was a top-of-the-range Rolls-Royce, Bentley, Ferrari, and Porsches – all of which he used to ferry glamorous blonde girlfriends around Paris.
Obiang was also well known for driving his lovers down to the Riviera, where his 76-metre super yacht, the "Ebony Shine", was also seized. It was said to be worth £78 million.
Other prize possessions referenced in court include the crystal-covered glove worn by the late superstar Michael Jackson during his Bad World Tour in 1988.
Obiang bought it for hundreds of thousands of dollars soon afterwards.
In 2009, Obiang also bought 109 lots during an auction of a collection of goods that had belonged to the legendary fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent and his partner Pierre Berge.
(Photo: CEN)
He splashed out £18m in all, picking works of art, as well as £10m worth of jewels, and a champagne bowl costing £65,000.
Also in the collection of seized property were 64 pairs of designer shoes, most of them by Dolce & Gabbana.
Obiang's trial is hugely important for France, because it marks the first time that the country has taken legal action against billionaire dictators using Paris as a bolt-hole.
They have been investing their ill-gotten gains in the city's real estate and other luxury goods for decades.
Today's trial is the result of work by anti-corruption campaigners including Transparency International and the Sherpa Group.
William Bourdon, of Sherpa said: “To begin with, there was simply no political will in France to listen to us."
(Photo: Getty)
Now the group has helped to compile evidence that Obiang stole more than £100m from Equatorial Guinea, when he was agriculture minister, from 2004 until 2011.
Obiang's father, Teodoro Obiang Nguema, remains President of the country, and the family was allegedly allowed to take cash direct from state coffers.
A so-called "revolutionary tax" placed on the sale of wood was also transferred to Obiang's own accounts, according to prosecution papers.
(Photo: Getty)
Obiang was not in court today, but his lawyer, Emmanuel Marsigny, told AFP, France's national news agency: "He earned the money legally in his country."
Mr Marsigny called for an adjournment in order to have more time to prepare his client's defence.
Obiang is thought to be in Malabo, the capital of Equatorial Guinea.
His criminal trial, which is expected to last for two weeks, continues.
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father's Day destination this weekend.
For almost 40 years, audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker, cinema's most famous father and son duo.
Now comes STAR WARS Identities, a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way.
Developed and produced by Montreal's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd., the exhibition - at London's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars.
The stunning collection of some 200 props, models, costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films, an interactive identity quest, and insightful scientific content, will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are, and at the same time explore their own identity with one question: What forces shape you?
“This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars,” says Jacques-André Dupont, President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions.
“We get a deeper understanding of their identities, and, at the same time, we get a deeper understanding of our own.
The collection, the interactive components, and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors. It's a character-driven adventure into identity.”
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors, exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes: the origins of the characters, the influences that shape them, and the choices they make during their life. Within these three themes, ten components of human identity are explored: species, genes, parents, and culture in Origins; mentors, friends, and marking events in Influences; and occupation, personality, and values in the final zone,Choices.
These components form the backbone of the exhibition, exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction. Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity; simultaneously, “making-of” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters, explaining how they became who they are, and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether.
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props, models, costumes, and artwork from the original Star Wars films. This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon, drawing from the classic (1977-1983) and prequel (1999-2005) trilogies, the animated series The Clone Wars, as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars: The Force Awakens. Fan favourites like Darth Vader, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Boba Fett, Yoda, and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations.
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit.
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content, this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements. Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition's central theme.
In order to develop the exhibition's scientific content, X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields, including genetics, neuropsychology, health sciences, and psychology. Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition's structure, and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences.
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades, but it is in the public's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world. The films continue to resonate today because of their universality: we identify with the characters of Star Wars, and we recognise ourselves in their journeys.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With Black Friday just around the corner US and UK-based shoppers are waiting with baited breath to find out what high priced items will be reduced in this year's sale.
One retailer that has paved the way for the huge annual shopping event is US retail giant Walmart, the parent company that also owns UK supermarket ASDA.
The store's huge seasonal Black Friday discounts have sparked chaos and violence among shoppers out for blood and/or the best tech, fashion and electrical bargains.
However, UK shoppers needn't fork out for air fare and a pair of boxing gloves to take advantage of the retailer's incredible deals, with savvy courier services that let you items to Britain international shipping consumers can pick up deals from the comfort of their sofa.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What deals to expect?
Walmart offers a wide range of products - from electrical appliances to toys - so you won't find it hard to finding must-have items on your shopping list.
Last year the retailer offered big savings on games console packages, tablets and Apple smartphones, all at competitive prices when compared to UK counterparts. However, with the weakened exchange rate it is always worth doing some research before buying.
(Image: Getty)
This year shoppers will be able to sign up to the retailer's early access email from the Walmart website. It does exactly as it says, sending alerts on all the latest deals straight to your inbox, helping shoppers to plan ahead of November 24 when the offers go live.
The retailer also produces special Black Friday adverts that feature some of the biggest savings on key products across all departments so keep an eye out for these in the weeks or days ahead Black Friday.
Can I shop from Walmart's US site?
In a word no - Walmart does not offer international shipping from its US websites. However, there are plenty of ways around this as outlined below and in our guide on how to get US prices shopping on Black Friday in the UK.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jess Impiazzi has finished in fourth place on this year's Celebrity Big Brother .
The former Ex on the Beach star left Shane Lynch , Ann Widdecombe and Shane Jenek to fight for the crown.
The brunette beauty, 28, left the famous house after ballet dancer Wayne Sleep , who finished in fifth place.
Fans were gutted to see her go.
One said: "Absolutely loved jess wanted her in the top 3 but she's done so well"
"Jess was my winner," another commened.
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
As she chatted with host Emma Willis, Jess said she didn't expect to last so long in the house.
The reality babe revealed that she had to borrow her housemates' belongings because she ran out of face wipes and other toiletries.
Emma also told Jess that she was never nominated by any of her other housemates.
She said: "I do my stepdad's head in in the house so I thought for sure I would have annoyed someone."
Jess said she's really going to miss the house.
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
She said: "I was looking around today and I thought, 'I'm really going to miss this place'."
The 2018 series has been an epic on this year - but only one celebrity can be crowned the winner.
Transgender newsreader India Willoughby was the first contestant to be evicted, followed by journalist Rachel Johnson and the lovely Maggie Oliver being booted out in a double eviction. John Barnes became the first male evictee of CBB 2018 in a shocking backdoor eviction, shortly followed by Ginuwine in week three. A shock triple eviction saw Andrew Brady , Jonny Mitchell and Dapper Laughs evicted last week.
Shane Jenek , Shane Lynch , Ann Widdecombe , Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep were confirmed finalists after a triple eviction on Tuesday night saw Amanda Barrie , Ashley James and Malika Haqq leave the house.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She's made many a headline since she walked into the Celebrity Big Brother house.
And it looks like Sarah Harding is still at the centre of all the daily drama, as her seemingly tentative attempt to start a romance in the house with Chad Johnson has become a talking point for the other celebs.
In scenes set to air later this week, Real Housewives star Brandi Glanville is seen warning the Bachelorette star that he's being "strung along" by the singer - as she has a "boyfriend on the outside".
In scenes shown on last night's instalment of Celebrity Big Brother's Bit On The Side, Brandi and Chad were shown having a quiet discussion in the house bathroom.
(Image: Channel 5)
Probing Chad, 30, about his kiss with the 35-year-old Girls Aloud star on Friday's eviction night, Brandi warned her fellow American to be careful of getting his heart broken.
"This is a really confusing situation," Chad told the blonde bombshell, who didn't mince her words when she addressed the Sarah (who admitted she was seeing another man before she entered the house) situation.
"I feel like you're being strung along," she told Chad in a very serious manner.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
Looking slightly hurt and confused as he sat brushing his teeth, Chad replied: "I'm being played? Why would she do that?"
Brandi explained her thoughts on the matter, saying: "Because she has a boyfriend and you're allowing it. I think it's hard because you're in the same room and she's really needy with you.
"I want you to be careful and I don't want you to get hurt. Don't get played, Chad, don't get played!"
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
Taking things up a notch, she added: "I don't want you to look like a little b***h and that's kind of how it's coming off in my eyes... like a puppy dog who will do whatever she says.
"She gets the sexiest guy, you get a broken heart, she keeps her boyfriend as well."
Taking Brandi's comments on board, a sullen Chad said: "We just kissed, we didn't do any stuff. It was like a high school make out."
*CBB continues at 9pm on Channel 5, on Monday
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Colombians urged for calm after the two players who missed penalties against England suffered death threats from furious fans on social media.
Vile messages targeting Mateus Uribe and Carlos Bacca started to appear within minutes of Colombia being knocked out of the World Cup following the dramatic shoot-out.
Uribe's penalty hit the crossbar while Bacca's attempt was saved by hero England goalkeeper Pickford.
Mostly aimed at Bacca who fans thought took the worse penalty and played badly, the posts warned the players they were “dead', urged them to kill themselves and told them not to return to the South American country.
The sinister messages were made despite a police investigation into early death threats made towards Colombian player Carlos Sanchez after he was sent off three minutes into the team's World Cup opener against Japan.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Many outraged football fans pointed out that yesterday was the 24th anniversary of the death of Andres Escobar, who was shot dead after his own goal was blamed for sending Colombia home at the 1994 World Cup.
One post by Twitter user David Castaneda warned: “Die Carlos Bacca. Son of a bitch. No-one wants you, gonorrhoea . To this country you don't return.”
Another, Jhon Duqueismo, wrote: “Thank you to all the players, except to three-time son of a bitch, useless, dead, Carlos Bacca. Don't come back here.”
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
HumorFPCosky wrote: “I hate you Carlos Bacca, I hate all of you, I hate your indifference, your animal surname, and your ass's game. You're worse than a cancer, at least with cancer you can go to a doctor and find out what you have.
“Carlos Bacca, get depressed and kill yourself, so you don't continue living this agony.”
Patricio wrote: “Uribe, you are a piece of shit, I hope you die.”
Another user, INFINITO wrote: “That was Mateus Uribe's last game, that man is already dead.”
But other Colombian fans expressed their shock at the cruel messages.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Brayan Sanchez wrote: “Don't wish for the death of Bacca and Uribe. Do we wish to repeat what happened to Andres Escobar? Is this Colombia? Games are won and lost, we are a real country.”
Another, Lois Lane, said: “The anniversary of the death of Andres Escobar and you are calling for the death of Bacca. I'm sorry, I can't stand such shit people. Get out of my timeline."
And MoreJuanSe wrote: “Now they start to insult and threaten Uribe and Bacca. Yesterday was the 24th anniversary of the death of Andres Escobar, please, please! Let's learn how to lose aswell.”
Andres Escobar was gunned down by a gangland figure 10 days after his mistake against the US knocked Colombia out of the World Cup hosted in the USA.
(Image: AFP)
Hours before the showdown with England his brother, Sachi, had warned that the tragedy could happen again if Colombia failed to get through to the quarter-finals.
And he pleaded with his country's passionate fans and gangland figures ensure sure that no other player is hurt or threatened if things didn't go their way.
He said: “I want to send an important message to those people who think things can be resolved with violence, and with weapons, that they can take someone's life just because they make a mistake, in this case the life of a football player.
“Football should be a vehicle of peace and social transformation, and at the end of the day, it is just a game.
“But I truly hope that, if Colombia failed to meet these expectations, then the tragedy that happened to my brother doesn't repeat itself. God forbid that it happens again."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
And he said of the death threats made against Sanchez, he said: “As a brother who has gone through this, I know what must be going through their heads, and I wouldn't want anyone to go through that.
"Carlos must be feeling both sad for the mistake he made, and very afraid, and his family too.
"My brother never received any threats, they just shot him dead in the most cowardly way.
"The fact that people are still allowed to say these things on social network sites, even threaten him with death... shows me that nothing good came out of Andres' death, nothing was learned.
"These people are just lowlifes who are not real Colombian football fans, who should be arrested and thrown into jail."
© US Army
Three US Special Forces troops were killed and two wounded in an ambush while on a joint patrol with Nigerien forces in southwest Niger, US Africa Command confirmed in a statement."On Oct. 4, three (3) US service members and one partner nation member were killed while the US was providing advice and assistance to Nigerien security force counter-terror operations, approximately 200 km north of Niamey, in southwest Niger. Additionally, two US service members were injured and evacuated in stable condition to Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany," the statement reads.The names of the deceased soldiers have not yet been made public, as the families are being notified.Three Army Green Berets were killed and two others were injured in the attack, which took place on the border with Mali, according to the New York Times The two wounded soldiers were described as being in "stable condition" and have been evacuated to Niamey, the capital of Niger, administration officials told CNN , according to Sputnik News White House Chief of Staff John Kelly briefed President Donald Trump on the attack, according to Reuters.US troops were advising and assisting local forces when they came under attack."US forces are in Niger to provide training and security assistance to the Nigerien Armed Forces, including support for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance efforts, in their efforts to target violent extremist organizations in the region," Falvo told RT America.The attackershave maintained a presence, a Niger diplomatic source told Reuters.
Global Synthetic Diamond Market: Snapshot
Synthetic diamonds are lab-grown or laboratory produced diamond, its physical and chemical properties resemble to those of natural diamonds. Synthetic diamonds (lab-grown diamonds) are also known as cultivated or cultured diamonds. These are manufactured in the laboratory by using CVD (chemical vapor deposition) or HPHT (high pressure high temperature) processes. Synthetic diamonds exhibit properties similar to natural diamonds; hence, they are widely utilized in end-user industries that use diamonds. Increase in demand for synthetic diamond in industrial application will boost the synthetic diamond market. Synthetic diamonds are widely utilized in computer chip production, construction, machinery production, mining services (such as drilling for minerals), gem exploration, stone cutting and polishing, surgery, astronomy, experimental physics, and electronics. Synthetic diamonds are also known for their usage in oil & gas drills, as no other material is capable of handling extreme conditions. Synthetic diamond-based products are also being employed in industrial and household water treatment. Polycrystalline CVDs are an essential component in high-performance loudspeakers. Synthetic diamond detectors of ultraviolet light particles are used at high-energy research facilities and are available commercially.
Stone Segment Seals Dominance with Majority Share among Product Segments
The synthetic diamond market has been segmented on the basis of product, manufacturing process, type, application, and region. Based on product, the market is split into bort, dust, grit, powder, and stone. In terms of value, the stone segment accounted for more than 90% share of the global synthetic diamond market in 2016 and is anticipated to grow continue during the forecast period. Demand of stone is high due to high degree of application. This type of diamond can be incorporated in single or multiple point diamond tools, diamond saws, diamond wheels, and diamond wire dies. Based on manufacturing process, the market is divided high pressure high temperature (HPHT) and chemical vapor deposition (CVD). Based on type, market is divided into polished and rough. Based on application, the market is split into gem, heat sinks / exchangers, high-end electronics, laser & X-ray, machining and cutting tools, surgical machinery, water treatment, quantum computing, optical, sensors & scanning, medical, and electrical. Machining and cutting tools segmentation held key market share in 2016.
Rising Demand from China and Japan Helped Asia Pacific Attain Lead in 2016
Asia Pacific held the major share of the global synthetic diamond market in 2016. Growth of the region is primarily ascribed to the development of gem and industrial industry, especially in India, China, and Japan. In terms of value, Asia Pacific was estimated to hold for more than 45% share of the global synthetic diamond market in 2016. Consumers in India primarily focus on gem-quality diamonds for jewelry, while the consumers in China are intensifying studies aimed at utilizing synthetic diamonds in cutting-edge technologies. In Japan, diamond wafer team produces thin but rather wide CVD diamond plates. These plates can become the basis for future electronic devices. Thus, Asia Pacific is projected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period.
Asia Pacific accounts for major share of the global synthetic diamond market, followed by North America and Europe. This trend is anticipated to continue during the forecast period. The synthetic diamond market in the Middle East & Africa is also anticipated to expand during the forecast period due to the expansion of the synthetic diamond industry in MEA, and implementation of technology to test synthetic diamonds by the top diamond producing mines in Africa, such as De Beers. GCC, Egypt, and South Africa are focusing on polished products due to the easy availability, affordability and their preference in artificial jewelry. The interest towards look like diamond is likely to contribute the growth of synthetic diamonds the region in the forecast period.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=6020
Key players in the synthetic diamond market include Element Six (E6), Applied Diamond Inc., New Diamond Technology, LLC, HEYARU GROUP, Sandvik AB, ILJIN co., ltd., Henan Huanghe Whirlwind, and Zhengzhou Sino-Crystal Diamond Co.Ltd
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
By The Associated Press
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) — A local Pakistani government official says a suicide bomber has targeted the administrative headquarters of a tribal region in the country's northwest, killing two policemen.
Hameedullah Khan says Wednesday's bombing struck at the main gate of the tribal headquarters in Ghalanai, in the Mohmand tribal region.
No one immediately claimed responsibility of the attack.
Earlier this week, a suicide bombing killed 13 in eastern Pakistani city of Lahore. A breakaway faction of the Pakistani Taliban — the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar or Freedom Movement — claimed that attack.
The breakaway faction is based in the Mohmand area — part of rugged, lawless regions along the Afghan border which have long served as safe havens for local and al-Qaida-linked foreign militants.
Pakistan has waged several offensives against Islamic militants in recent years.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paris Saint-Germain star Dani Alves has admitted he would rejoin Barcelona tomorrow if they called him.
The Brazil star left in acrimonious fashion in 2016 after an eight-year stay on a free transfer to Juventus.
After 391 appearances, six La Liga titles and three Champions Leagues, Alves remains bitter at not receiving the respect he feels he deserved for his hand in creating history at the club - but would still consider a stunning return to the Nou Camp.
"Barcelona is my home," Alves told Globo TV. "It's impossible to say that I wouldn't return. I would come back tomorrow if Barcelona were to call me.
"If I were to say that I didn't leave there feeling hurt then I'd be lying. I left hurt because I think I fought hard to create a great history at Barcelona.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane)
"I left with 23 titles in eight years. I finished up giving them more great results and then they ended it without respecting my story.
"They wanted me to have a farewell and I told them no, because I consider that place my eternal home and when a place is considered your home you don't have to say goodbye. What's the point in a farewell if you're going to come back?"
Alves still has another year on his PSG deal, but that did not prevent him from leaving the Bianconeri last summer when he insisted on his desire to leave, meaning a third successive summer move could be on the cards.
New Lee County 4H Youth Coordinator
Iowa State Extension-Lee County welcomes Breana Houtz as the new 4-H County Youth Coordinator. Breana is a native of Denmark in rural Lee County. She has an experience as an 8 year 4-H member and most recently as a Clover Kid and community club leader. She received her Bachelor of Science Nursing from Mount Mercy, Cedar Rapids. Breana enjoys community volunteering and has started a community sharing table in Denmark and contributes to building the seed library. She enjoys spending time with her family with outdoor activities including horses, chickens, cows and outdoor cooking. Breana began work on October 2 and will be providing leadership for the county wide youth program impacting over 500 youth in the Lee County area.
A fire engulfs the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino Sunday, March 18, 2018 in Manila, Philippines. The fire hit the hotel, where more than 300 guests were evacuated, some by helicopter, an official said. (AP Photo/Bullit Marquez)
A fire engulfs the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino Sunday, March 18, 2018 in Manila, Philippines. The fire hit the hotel, where more than 300 guests were evacuated, some by helicopter, an official said. (AP Photo/Bullit Marquez)
MANILA, Philippines (AP) - A fire engulfed a hotel and casino in the Philippine capital on Sunday, killing at least three employees, trapping two others and forcing the evacuation of more than 300 guests, some by helicopter, officials said.
Police said it was unclear if the fire at the Manila Pavilion Hotel and Casino, which raged for hours, started in the casino on the lower floors or in an area of the hotel that was under renovation.
TV footage showed dark gray smoke billowing from the first and second floors of the hotel as rescuers brought people out of the building.
Johnny Yu, who heads Manila's disaster-response agency, told reporters that at least six other people were overwhelmed by heavy smoke and brought to a hospital. Among the dead were two hotel security guards and a treasury officer, he said.
Yu initially said at least four people died in the fire, but other officials later said that one of those who was feared to have died was revived by doctors at a hospital and was in critical condition.
"The smoke is very heavy and, second, there's the wind that we're trying to overcome," Yu said. "Our firefighters are having a lot of difficulty."
At least 19 people were unaccounted for, but Yu said that only two, both of them security camera operators, were confirmed to have been trapped in the hotel and rescuers were trying to reach them.
Police and firefighters blocked off the areas around the hotel, which lies in the heart of Manila's tourist district, to allow dozens of firetrucks to approach and help fight the blaze.
Jerusalem: Israeli police on Monday detained Israeli billionaire Beny Steinmetz and four other suspects for questioning in a fraud investigation, a source briefed on the case said.
Israeli authorities put Steinmetz under house arrest last December, releasing him two weeks later without charge, in a probe of bribery allegations relating to the activities of his mining firm BSG Resources in Africa. BSGR denied any wrongdoing.
At the time, police said he and other Israelis living abroad were alleged to have paid tens of millions of dollars to senior public officials in the West African state of Guinea to advance their business.
In a statement on Monday, Israeli police said five suspects were detained for questioning under caution on suspicion of money laundering, fraudulent filing of corporate documents, fraud and corporate breach of trust, obstruction of justice and bribery.
A source briefed on the investigation told Reuters that one of the suspects was Steinmetz. Israeli media reports identified him as being among those detained and questioned. An Israeli law office representing the businessman, contacted by Reuters, declined to comment.
Police said the detainees, who were not identified in the statement, are suspected of having "acted together and methodically with the prime suspect in order to create and present fictitious contracts and deals ... on a foreign country in order to transfer funds and launder money".
The statement, which did not name the foreign nation, said that "in line with the developments in the investigation, a decision will be made whether to bring any of those involved to court for a discussion of the case".
Searches were carried out in the suspects` homes and offices, police said.
BSGR last December said the investigation had been initiated by the government of Guinea, which launched a review of mining contracts signed before 2011 as part of international efforts to improve transparency.
In its review, the West African nation investigated how BSGR obtained the rights to the Simandou deposit, the world`s largest untapped iron ore reserves, in 2008.
More than half the cells in your body are not human according to researchers.
More than half the cells in your body are not human according to researchers. iStock
NEARLY 60 per cent of cells in the body are not actually human, according to scientists.
Human cells make up just 43 per cent of our total cell count, while the rest are microscopic tenants that are essential for our wellbeing.
The hidden half of our body is called our microbiome, and experts studying it could unlock new ways of tackling diseases, from allergy to Parkinson's.
Microscopic creatures, including bacteria, viruses, fungi and archaea, cover your entire body.
"They are essential to your health,” says Prof Ruth Ley, of the Max Planck Institute, "your body isn't just you”.
The highest concentration of this microscopic life lives in our oxygen-deprived bowels.
Prof Rob Knight, from University of California San Diego, told the BBC: "You're more microbe than you are human.”
At first, boffs thought our cells were outnumbered 10 to one, but the prof said: "That's been refined much closer to one-to-one, so the current estimate is you're about 43% human if you're counting up all the cells”.
Scientists are rapidly uncovering the role microbial material plays in digestion, regulating the immune system, protecting against disease and manufacturing vital vitamins.
Prof Knight said: "We're finding ways that these tiny creatures totally transform our health in ways we never imagined until recently.”
This article originally appeared on The Sun and has been republished with permission.
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments the company made to the group.
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). FILE - In this Aug. 7, 2017 file photo, A worker throws out food from refrigerators pushed out to the curb, in the aftermath of flooding from the past weekend's rain storms, at the Treme Market and Restaurant in New Orl...
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). FILE - In this June 21, 2017 file photo, Don Noel carries his daughter Alexis, 8, with his wife Lauren, right as they walk through a flooded roadway to check on their boat in the West End section of New Orleans. The cit...
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). FILE - In this Aug. 7, 2017 file photo, Dwayne Boudreaux, Jr., owner of the Circle Food Store, dumps out dirty water that was vacuumed up from the store, in the aftermath of flooding this past weekend, in New Orleans.Th...
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert, File). FILE - In this Aug. 9, 2017 file photo, pre-med student Sheila Tendero, from the Miami Medical Team, helps gut the Zulu Social Aid & Pleasure Club Store, which flooded during rain storms this past weekend, in New Or...
(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert). Workers fix a sewer main below the sidewalk in Mid City New Orleans, Wednesday, Jan. 31, 2018. The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's “crumbling infrast...
By REBECCA SANTANA and KEVIN MCGILL
Associated Press
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - When a heavy rain hits New Orleans, residents move their cars to higher ground for fear of fast-rising street flooding. Knee-deep potholes can eat a car's fender. When pressure drops in the city's aging water delivery system, restaurants and cafes have to boil water to feed customers.
Battered by nature and neglect, New Orleans is one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure." But when looking at the billion-dollar needs of this 300-year-old city, two things become apparent: The rebuilding task is immense and it's not clear the president's new plan will help.
The city needs about $11.6 billion to bring key parts of its infrastructure into "this century," said city official Katie Dignan. That means repairing the roads, the infrastructure under them - sewer, water and drainage - as well as other parts of the drainage system that empties the city of water when it rains.
Dignan said the city has about $2 billion available, some from FEMA to mitigate Hurricane Katrina damage and some from other sources. Now, the city faces choices on how to come up with the remainder. Mayor Mitch Landrieu, who calls the aging sewer, water and drainage system a "prime example" of needed infrastructure work, has doubts about Trump's proposal.
Trump called on Congress to produce a bill that generates "at least $1.5 trillion" for infrastructure investment. But he hasn't detailed how much money the federal government would actually supply and has suggested that much of the money would come from state and local governments or private-sector investments.
"What the president is really proposing is not HIS infrastructure plan but basically saying to the states and the cities: 'Build it on your own and find another way to pay for it through raising taxes or cutting services,'" Landrieu, a Democrat and the current president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors, said Thursday.
Finding more money is a challenge in a financially strapped Louisiana - and in a city that was facing a major budget deficit when Landrieu took office eight years ago.
Landrieu said public-private partnerships can work on some types of projects where there's money to pay back the partner, but poorer cities - often those with the biggest infrastructure problems - are going to have a harder time. Forcing cities like New Orleans to pay for the infrastructure means taking money away from other local priorities, such as housing homeless veterans, he said.
The precariousness of the city's infrastructure was on full display last August when a massive downpour overwhelmed the pumping system and inundated many neighborhoods.
The Broad Theater was still recovering from a previous rainstorm when the August storm hit. Movie-goers evacuated waist-high waters by boat. Manager Michael Domangue lost his car to the flood. The theater closed for seven days and had to refund tickets.
"I still feel when we rain, people get worried about coming here," Domangue said.
And this damage all happened within sight of a pumping station that's part of the drainage system. Of the $11.6 billion, an estimated $2 billion is needed for long-term repairs and upgrades to the city's pumping system, Dignan said, although she cautioned that figure could change. The other $9.6 billion would go toward fixing the roads and the infrastructure under them. That includes a drinking water system plagued by wasteful leaks and occasional power failures and pressure drops that can let contaminants in - requiring residents to boil water.
Renee Blanchard owns the Church Alley Coffee Bar. She bought a $3,500 reverse osmosis water filtration system so that she can still make lattes and cappuccinos when the water pressure drops. Blanchard is frustrated that a small business in a big city has to deal with such expensive problems.
"That's ridiculous," she said. "I'm so small. I work most of the hours. I started off with a tiny bit of savings."
All cities have potholes but the New Orleans streets are in another category. Locals put traffic cones or tires into especially deep potholes to warn other drivers.
"If it rains the day before and it's filled with water, you don't know the pothole's there. You could tear up your car, your front end," Kenny Buras said of his street.
Residents try to take it in stride. During the summer flooding, people canoed through the streets, sometimes with a drink in hand. In May 2016, there was a "Sinkhole de Mayo" party after a massive sinkhole opened up at the foot of Canal Street.
But there's also a real frustration about how problems in New Orleans and elsewhere will be fixed.
Resident James Jensen noted mudslides and fires in California and rising seas in Miami: "There's many New Orleans out there."
___
Associated Press writer Stacey Plaisance contributed to this report.
___
Follow Santana on Twitter @ruskygal.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has ruled Wayne Rooney, Michael Carrick and Phil Jones out of Manchester United's Europa League clash with St Etienne.
The trio missed training on Wednesday and are not fit for the first leg of the Red Devils' last 32 tie with the Ligue 1 outfit at Old Trafford on Thursday.
Jones, who last played in United's 0-0 draw with Hull City two weeks ago, has been injured since his side's FA Cup win over Wigan, according to Mourinho.
Rooney - who hasn't started a game for United since January 10 - and Carrick are suffering muscular problems, and are being protected by the Portuguese, while Marcos Rojo is available.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: John Peters)
(Photo: Getty)
"Wayne and Michael are - I don't want to say injures, because I don't think we are talking about injuries," said Mourinho.
"We are speaking about little muscular problem and protection of these problems.
"So all three are out tomorrow and, apart from that, everything is alright."
Mourinho also ruled out a possible return to action for left-back Luke Shaw, who has fallen out of favour at Old Trafford.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
"My team is playing well, I'm happy with my back four," said Mourinho. "[Antonio] Valencia, [Eric Bailly, [Chris] Smalling and Daley Blind."
Man United are enjoying a brilliant run of form and are unbeaten in their last 16 fixtures in the Premier League.
Their win over Watford last time out saw them become the first side to hit 2,000 points in the division, and they will be hoping to carry this form into the Europa League.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former France midfielder Henri Michel has died at the age of 70, the French Footballers' Union (UNFP) has confirmed.
As a player, Michel led Nantes to three Ligue 1 titles and won 58 caps for his country before beginning a long and varied managerial career.
Under Michel's guidance, France won the Olympic title in 1984 in Los Angeles, and reached the World Cup semi-finals two years later.
Michel went on to coach at a number of clubs and nations in Africa, including leading the Ivory Coast in their 2006 World Cup campaign.
The UNFP tweeted: "Henri Michel, a colossus of French Football, left us this morning in his 70th year. UNFP sends its deepest condolences to his family and loved ones."
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
After his death Nantes wrote: "A legend. The legend. FC Nantes has just learned with immense sadness the disappearance of its ex-captain Henri Michel."
Ex-PSG and Hull defender Bernard Mendy commented: "All my condolences to the family and friends of Henri Michel. #BigHeart."
The Women in Film Crystal + Lucy Awards have honored female Hollywood talent for over three decades, but in recent years the annual awards show has also brought men into the fold, giving kudos to those who champion women in the industry.
The 2017 lineup included Elizabeth Banks as the Crystal Award recipient; Tracee Ellis Ross for the Lucy Award; Zoey Deutch as the Women in Film Max Mara Face of the Future; Mira Nair for the BMW Dorothy Arzner Directors Award, and Sony Pictures Classics founders Michael Barker and Tom Bernard as recipients of the inaugural Beacon Award. This year's lineup was also impressive because it included veteran journalist Dan Rather, who was given the Norma Zarky Humanitarian Award.
Rather made the trip to Los Angeles specifically to pick up the honor, which was given to him by Robert Redford, who portrayed the journalist in the film “Truth.” Redford, of course, is well-known for playing another journalist, Bob Woodward, in “All The President's Men.” The actor commended Rather for being the consummate journalist “and a true patriot.” Rather then told the mostly-female room to continue to make fearless films. “You must never back down, and never be swayed,” he said.
The already powerful crowd was in good company, albeit virtually. Michelle Obama sent a video message to Ross, Hillary Clinton congratulated Banks, and Sen. Kamala Harris addressed Women in Film president Cathy Schulman.
“It's almost too much for a girl to handle,” said Madelyn Deutch, who was already tearing up when her sister Zoey picked up the night's first award.
Emceed by Jessica Williams, the evening included its fair share of laughs and serious moments. After Ross picked up her trophy for outstanding comedienne, she busted a few dance moves and then called for more inclusion of women of color on the big and small screens. “Why are we not more represented? And that's not just a question for black women,” she said.
As for women in general, Banks pointed out, “We need the guys. We need you to buy movie tickets. I'm proud to be the mother of two boys, whose favorite film for two-and-a-half years was ‘Frozen.' We're raising them to be good little feminists.”
A CH-47 Chinook from the United States Army 82d Combat Avaition Brigade practices deck landing on the USS Whidbey Island (LSD 14) in the Gulf of Aden, Nov. 10, 2016. The training allowed troopers from the 82d CAB to get their qualification in landing on naval ships, each crew member had to perform five day-time landings and five night-time landings using NVG capabilities. The 82d CAB rapidly deploys in support of the Global Response Force to conduct decisive aviation operations worldwide. Enabling the ground force commander with air assault, air movement, attack, recon and medevac capabilities. (U.S. Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Joshua J. Garcia)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.10.2016 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:27 Photo ID: 3167250 VIRIN: 161110-F-QF982-0113 Resolution: 4928x3280 Size: 7.51 MB Location: DJ Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 82d Combat Aviation Brigade [Image 1 of 4], by TSgt Joshua Garcia, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The NHS is battling through a difficult winter once again. Claims the NHS was ‘more prepared than ever before' ring hollow with patients who had their operations cancelled at the last minute, or waited on trolleys in corridors in busy A&E departments.
Tens of thousands of people are preparing to take to the streets tomorrow to show solidarity and support for our wonderful NHS staff and to remind ministers that we will not accept them being taken for granted.
A winter crisis shouldn't be inevitable. We should never be close to the situation we continually find ourselves in.
In Greater Manchester, where devolution has given us control of our local health spending, we're already seeing a real difference.
By bringing social care and the NHS together, we have reduced delayed discharges from hospital by a third over the last year – which means roughly 100 patients a day are going home sooner.
But we can only do so much.
(Image: Science Photo Library RM)
Few would disagree that we need to find more money for both the NHS and social care.
Some have put forward the idea of an ‘NHS and Care Convention' to make recommendations on the long-term funding of health and social care.
My worry is that this is a convenient way of putting difficult issues off until another day while the NHS slips further into trouble.
We don't have the luxury of time to wait for yet another report. Kicking the issue of health and care funding into the long-grass will do nothing to prevent next winter's crisis, or the winter after that.
I'm happy to put my cards on the table. I still believe that social care should be funded on the same basis as the NHS. This would see a system in which everybody contributes and has the peace of mind of knowing that all of their care needs are covered.
Whatever the solution is, we need it now. Lives are truly at stake and, the longer that we delay this decision, the harder it will be to rescue our NHS.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These sad images demonstrate the sad end to Toys 'R' Us as dozens of stores prepare to close down.
The businesses, which were once considered a magical place by generations of children, are winding down with the last of the stock being sold.
Pictures have emerged of inside the Plymouth store, which is preparing to close.
Shelves once stacked with bikes are now bare and singular toys not yet bought stand lonely on the racks.
A place was once filled with excited children running to make sure they got their hands on the latest goods is now echoing and empty as people stroll through.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: Lauren Haly)
(Image: Lauren Haly)
The store is thought to be staying open until April, but will close when its “stock runs out”. It is among 25 nationwide due to close this year.
Items are marked with 30 per cent off and customers are being given vouchers after purchasing goods.
They can save £10 when they spend more than £20 the next time they shop – either online or in store. These are valid from March 1 until April 30.
Staff at the store confirmed that they “no longer had any stock out the back” and that “everything is out on the floor”.
(Image: Lauren Haly)
(Image: Lauren Haly)
They said: “We will just keep condensing it each time shelves empty, and then close when there is nothing left.
“It is really sad to look around and see shelves which were once full empty, and also to have toys in the wrong places.”
It was announced the store would be closing as the firm struggles to balance its huge debts.
The big box retailer filed for bankruptcy protection in the US and Canada after admitting it was struggling with £3.6billion debt and competition from the likes of Amazon and Walmart.
(Image: Lauren Haly)
(Image: Lauren Haly)
Prams and car seats were reduced down to as little as £71 for top brands such as Silver Cross and Maxi Cosi.
There are 20% off all baby clothes and feeding accessories, including Tommee Tippee products.
Paw Patrol cars are now down to £20 and giant puppy cuddly toys are now under £14.
It is estimated that 800 jobs across the country will be affected by the store closures.
In December, Toys R Us UK announced plans to transform the business to meet the evolving needs of customers in today's UK retail market.
To ensure its future growth and profitability, 25 stores were earmarked for closure in the Spring this year.
By Ted Nuyten
Very often distributors do not like at all a change in the compensation plan, however if a Direct Sales company wants to improve sales, pay outs to the field and rank advancements, the company has the right to do so.
Mannatech as a very transparent public company, changed its compensation plan and the results are spectacular.
The global developer of advanced nutritional supplements and a BusinessForHome.com Top 100 MLM Company, has implemented, a new, state-of-the-art global seamless compensation plan which is expected to deliver record-setting growth and new momentum for its independent sales Associates all over the world.
In the last year, Mannatech has reshaped itself with a re-brand and the introduction of a variety of consumer-friendly products in some of the fastest growing market segments in the direct selling distribution channel.
And as of July 1, it has completely overhauled its compensation plan with one that offers a business model built on compliance, simplicity, and incentives for proper Associate behaviors that will build long-term and profitable businesses.
“Our new compensation plan is easy to understand and share while giving our Associates a clear path to building successful and sustainable businesses,”
said Alfredo “Al” Bala, CEO and President of Mannatech.
The results:
“More than 2,500 of Mannatech's independent sales Associates have increased their rank during the first month the company's new compensation plan has been implemented.
The explosion of rank increases across the globe was highlighted by 15 Associates reaching the top rank of Platinum Presidential Director.
That is more Platinum Presidential in one month that was created in 24 years.
said Al Bala.
Chapeau 🙂 (Hat off)
About Mannatech
Mannatech, Incorporated, offers a profound wellness experience that makes a difference in the lives of people across the world. Through its innovative Glyconutrition products, Mannatech changes lives, providing an unprecedented level of natural wellness, freedom and purpose.
With more than 20 years of experience and operations in more than 26 markets, Mannatech is committed to changing lives. For more information, visit Mannatech.com.
Source:: https://www.businessforhome.org/2017/08/when-a-direct-selling-company-changes-the-compensation-plan/
Berlin: A German court has found a Syrian refugee guilty of attempting to defraud Islamic State, a court spokeswoman said on Monday, granting legal protection to a group viewed as terrorists by the European Union.
A judge in the district court in the southwestern city of Saarbruecken sentenced the 39-year old hairdresser from Damascus to two years in prison for trying to get Islamic State operatives to transfer him up to 180,000 euros ($212,400.00).
The judge ruled that the man used the false pretence that he would carry out attacks in Germany for Islamic State using explosives. The money was never transferred to the man.
The court rejected the prosecution`s argument that the man was guilty of the more serious crime of planning to carry out attacks on behalf of the militant organisation.
Both parties have appealed the ruling to the Federal Supreme Court, the court spokeswoman said. The Syrian refugee was named only as Hasan A. due to German privacy laws.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has taken to Instagram to wish his son a happy 18th birthday.
The Manchester United boss shared a throwback snap of the pair on a jet ski to celebrate Jose Mario reaching the milestone.
The United boss was seen with his arms around his son, who was sat in front helping to steer.
Mourinho accompanied the image with the caption: "Happy birthday Zuca now you are 18 you dont need me to go on the jet ski with you anymore."
Mourinho was seen celebrating with his son after United's Europa League success last season.
The youngster raced onto the pitch after the final whistle in May as the pair embraced before lifting the trophy.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Manchester United)
Jose Mario was on the books of Fulham a few years ago after signing a deal with the academy but has now left by mutual consent.
He also spent time at Chelsea and Real Madrid and resides in London with his mother and sister Matilde.
SAN DIEGO — Authorities asked the public Friday for help in identifying and tracking down a burglar who ransacked two residential complexes near Balboa Park over a several-week period last month.
Shortly before 2:30 a.m. Sept. 9, the thief forced entry to a parking garage and an office at an apartment complex in the 2600 block of Fifth Avenue in San Diego, then stole a laptop computer and an Amazon package, according to police.
The same person — described as a Latino or white man in his mid-30s to mid-40s — subsequently sneaked into a parking garage at a condominium complex in the 1400 block of Ninth Avenue by ducking underneath a security gate as vehicles entered or exited. He then forced his way into a locked storage room and stole bicycles after using bolt cutters to defeat locks intended to secure them from theft.
Surveillance cameras captured images of the burglar, who at times wore a black zip-up hooded sweat shirt with an “SDSU” logo on it and a faded red baseball cap that appeared to have the name or acronym “BUBS” on the front.
Anyone with information about the case was asked to call San Diego County Crime Stoppers at 888-580-8477 or contact the agency online at sdcrimestoppers.org. Tipsters may remain anonymous and could be eligible for a reward of up to $1,000.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's that festival madness time of year, where the denim shorts, crop tops, wellies and those floral headbands (unfortunately) all make a guest appearance.
Now this is no steaming hot Coachella , the trick to dressing for a British festival, where we can go through all seasons in one day, is to pile on the layers.
Come rain or shine these ten wardrobe essentials will help you to survive in style.
What to wear to V Festival 2017 this weekend...
1. Coat
For the downpours that always happen when you're at the front of the stage, a parka or a mac will save you.
2. Dress
Invest in a floral dress for a festival. It will look great under a coat and with big boots, or if you're lucky enough to have sunshine you won't be boiling hot and you'll be channeling some feminine glamour. Win - win.
3. Ankle Boots
When wading through mud or skipping through the grass, you'll need a stable boot. Opt for a little height to make yourself feel more rock chick and think Kate Moss meets Sienna Miller with embroidery and studs. Plus they're way easier to walk around in than heavy wellies.
4. Cross Body Bag
Bag yourself a metallic cross body for festival season. Not only is it a great option but zips are essential, so when you're dancing or stumbling back to your tent, all your worldly possessions won't fall out.
5. Sunglasses
Stick to classic sunglasses shapes for festivals. Wayfarer or aviator shapes will instantly make you look and feel rock and roll. Plus, at £5.99 its no real hardship if you lose them in the mud.
6. Jewellery
When clothes have been covered in mud or alcohol, a pair of earrings will lift your overall look. We advise bigger the better.
7. Denim shorts
Denim shorts are an essential for a festival, whether you're going for a day or the full weekend - sometimes more! Be aware of those pairs that show off a little too much, so be tactful with your fringing. Remember, less is more.
8. Gypsy blouse
Channel some real boho style with a gypsy blouse paired with your denim cut-offs and ankle boots. A quick and easy way to look like you've made loads of effort, without actually having to.
9. Hat
When you've run out of dry shampoo, put your fedora style hat on for a chic and clever cover-up.
10. ANYTHING sequined
Always remember that when you've packed or got ready that you need some sequins. As important as clothes themselves, don't restrict yourself to just wearing sequins at the Christmas party. The ultimate party embellishment is your must-have.
The first cloudburst incident occurred at Mangti Nullah while the second one was in Malpa. Photo: AP
Pithoragarh: Six persons were killed while an army jawan is missing after two separate cloudbursts in Dharchula sub division of the district early Monday.
According to district administration sources, the first incident occurred at Mangti Nullah near Tawaghat in Dharchula sub-division when the local rivulet Mangti Nullah overflowed due to heavy rains at its basin and hit some shops and an Army camp below the nullah.
The army, National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) teams have recovered two bodies from the spot while an army jawan is missing, said Ashish Chauhan, district magistrate, Pithoragarh.
The second cloudburst occurred at Malpa, where an overflowing local rivulet swept away four persons. Disaster mitigation teams later recovered four bodies while one person has been saved.
“We have pressed into service rescue and rehabilitation personnel from NDRF and SDRF beside ITBP (Indo Tibetan Border Police) and army jawans and a massive search operation has been launched to trace the missing,” said R.S. Rana, district disaster management officer in Pithoragarh district.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A parked car in Soham became wedged in a wall after it was hit by a driver allegedly speeding.
The Ford Mondeo estate was parked on Fordham Road on Wednesday, December 6, when another vehicle ploughed into the back of it, sending the car crashing through the opposite wall.
Police were called to the scene of the write-off, which an eyewitness said belonged to a neighbour and was hit by a speeding car.
She also claimed the driver who wrote-off the blue Ford was not insured.
A Cambridgeshire police spokesman said: "We were called at about 9.50pm to reports of a three vehicle collision in Fordham Road, Soham last Wednesday (December 6).
"The vehicles involved were a silver Honda Accord, a blue Ford Mondeo and a grey Vauxhall Corsa.
"Minor injuries were reported."
The car remained in the wall for several days, until at least Friday, December 8.
If you know anything about this incident contact police on 101.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It seems like Jenny Connor hasn't spoken about much else since husband Johnny proposed moving to Spain.
But Jenny's desperation to move to sunny Spain isn't just because of the endless glasses of Sangria and golden beaches.
In episodes airing next week on Coronation Street , Jenny will reveal the tragic real reason she wants to leave the cobbles behind.
Her husband Johnny is left confused when Jenny suddenly postpones their leaving party and ends up confiding in Liz about her odd behaviour.
Later, Johnny finally plucks up the courage to speak to her but insinuates that he thinks she is cheating on him.
However, this is clearly not the case and Jenny confides in her husband about the true reason for her uncharacteristic behaviour.
Jenny explains to Johnny that it is the anniversary of her son Tom's death and takes him to the children's playground where she scattered his ashes.
Tom tragically drowned when he was four years old when Jenny left him playing in a paddling pool in 2013. When Jenny returned to Corrie, she kept his death a secret and struggled with mental health issues.
This led to her becoming obsessed with Kevin's son Jack, who was around the same age her son Tom would have been. She was later admitted to hospital and her mental health improved.
Jenny confides in Johnny and says that one of the reasons she wants to leave the country is to escape her painful memories.
*Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 7.30pm and 8.30pm on ITV
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Harry Potter fan made a magical discovery when she stumbled on three first edition books - potentially worth thousands of pounds - on sale in a charity shop for £3.
Hayley Malsom, 21, initially didn't realise how valuable her purchases were after picking up the volumes in Gloucester last Thursday.
It was only when she got home that she found that the 'Goblet of Fire,' 'Order of the Phoenix' and 'Half-Blood Prince' books she had in her bag were all first editions.
Miss Malsom, from Gloucester, said: "As far as I'm aware the staff in the charity shop had not realised that they are first editions.
"I haven't had them valued but after a quick Google search I did see that one went for around £60,000."
(Image: SWNS - Bristol +44 (0)1179066550)
The first edition that recently sold for that record sum was sold in Texas and was one of only 500 editions of first book Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone published by Bloomsbury in 1997.
Other things to look out for to make books valuable include signatures by the author or original illustrations.
First editions for later books can still be worth anything from £10 to hundreds if they are kept in pristine condition.
The find was great news for the Harry Potter fan - who even has a blog dedicated to the 'wizarding world.'
(Image: Warner Bros. Pictures.)
She added: "I am a massive Harry Potter fan and have been since I first read the Order of the Phoenix in 2007 as part of a summer project before starting senior school!
"My love for Harry Potter is so big that I recently made the decision to take my blog in a direction that focuses more on the wizarding world!"
Youth activist Michael Myles said the evidence based approach Stop Now and Plan programme or (SNAP) which is scheduled to be introduced to Cayman's schools, should help to curb problems with crime and bad behaviour.
Mr. Myles said he was formally trained in the SNAP programme in 2011 and he said it works because it's aimed at children in their formative years.
“Now we've seen that if a child's behaviour or criminal intent isn't curbed by the time the child hits 11 years old, 12 years old it's too late,” Mr. Myles stated.
Snap is one of 64 recommendations from the Institute of Public Administration of Canada which assesses how to curb criminal behaviour in Cayman.
Cayman 27's Mario Grey has more.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A conspiracy theorist has uncovered explosive CIA documents which could have clues about life on Mars.
The UFO hunter believes that a document recently declassified by the CIA features a transcript between a psychic and a CIA handler.
During the interview, the man named 'Tyler' claims that the psychic accurately describes the surface of Mars - and aliens that used to live there.
Speaking over the video footage, Tyler says that the document has shaken the UFO community - and even the most "hard-headed" of sceptics.
(Photo: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS)
The UFO Hunter , and founder of YouTube site Secure Team 10, claims that around 13 million declassified pages have been released online, containing "UFO sightings, psychic experiments and a treasure trove of never seen before data and information."
He explains: "What we have in this document is a recorded session [with] a so-called psychic and during this session, this unidentified psychic is able to visit the planet Mars and describe things on its surface with deadly accuracy."
The session allegedly took place on May 22 in 1984.
Tyler adds: "What is so compelling about this report, before the session started, the CIA employee would take a note card and he would write on it a time and a location which he would then place inside of a sealed envelope."
(Photo: Getty)
This envelope was given to the psychic but not opened.
The only thing the psychic knew before the interview was a set of geographic co-ordinates, said to be co-ordinates on Mars, although that was not known to the psychic.
Inside the envelope, the following information was written: "1. The planet Mars, 2. Time of interest approximately 1 million years BC."
The coordinates were verbally given to the subject during the interview, but no clues that anything referred to the planet Mars.
(Photo: Getty)
The CIA employee then asks the psychic to focus his attention on the sealed envelope and the co-ordinates (40.89 degrees north and 9.55 degrees west).
In reply, the psychic says: "I want to say it looks like, ah... I don't know. It sort of looks... I kind of got an oblique view of a pyramid or pyramid form.
"It's very high, it's kind of sitting in a large, depressed area.
"it's yellowish... okra coloured."
Tyler then claims that when you type in the coordinates into Google Earth, the co-ordinates take you to an area on the surface of Mars, in the Cydonia region, which is said to be well known for its range of "artificial" 'pyramid' forms.
(Photo: Getty)
The CIA handler then asks the psychic what he sees on the surface of the planet, to which he replies "dark, storm clouds" suggestive of a "geologic problem".
When asked to go back in time to the same co-ordinates before the geologic problem, the psychic describes: "a very flat, smooth surface, with angles and walls" as well as "very large megalithic structures".
He also describes seeing: "a perception of a shadow, of people, very tall, thin, it's only a shadow, it's as if they were there and they're not. They're not there any more."
He also describes visualising this same area "disappearing and becoming mountains of dirt" when journeying into the future."
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program Pause
0:35 Lawyer of arrested Fort Worth mom makes statement about neighbor
1:31 Mother released from jail after calling police to report assault
1:06 Buc-ee's opens in north Fort Worth
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
Hawaii is defying President Trump yet again. This time, by passing legislation that commits the state to follow goals outlined in the Paris climate accord. This comes after Trump withdrew the U.S. from the agreement.
In April, Hawaii drew the ire of the administration when it became the first to file a lawsuit against the president's revised travel ban. Here & Now‘s Robin Young talks about both issues with Hawaii Gov. David Ige (@GovHawaii).
MADRID (AP) - Palma on the island of Mallorca plans to become the first Spanish city to prohibit the rental of apartments to tourists.
Palma mayor Antoni Noguera says Tuesday that his government will vote for the ban in a city council because "there is nothing worse than having residents who can't live in their city nor afford a rent."
Rents in Mallorca and in most Spanish cities have increased in recent years. Many residents and local lawmakers blame the price rise on internet sites and apps that allow travelers to rent apartments short-term directly from homeowners.
Noguera says that houses will be excluded from the ban, unless they are in protected areas, near airports or in industrial areas.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anyone who has been on a long-haul flight around the world will probably have had experience of jet lag , one part of travelling that most of us could really do without.
It's the sleepy, unreal grogginess that hits when you feel like you're starved of sleep , but often can't doze off, making travelling to another time zone for a holiday a bit of a trial sometimes.
The World Health Organisation warns that the effects are far greater than problems with sleep – jet lag can cause indigestion issues, disturbance of bowel function, blood pressure fluctuations and general malaise.
Luckily, symptoms tend to improve after a few days as your body gets used to the new time zone.
But who wants to have the first days of their holiday spoiled?
Here's everything you need to know to beat jet lag on your next holiday....
What is jet lag?
(Image: Getty)
When you cross time zones, the pineal gland – which controls your body's temperature and internal clock – is disrupted by the change in light, playing havoc with your natural rhythms.
It means we can react subconsciously to changes in our environment and know when we should sleep in the normal cycle of 24 hours.
Light and darkness naturally influence our sleeping patterns - which is no problem when we're working on our normal schedule.
But the body gets a bit annoyed when we go through speedy and sizeable changes in those environmental influences, which is what happens when we fly through several time zones.
What are the symptoms of jet lag?
Jet lag is what we call it when your body is reacting to these changes in your environment, which is basically your body taking time to adjust to its new place and time.
Symptoms include feeling sleepy during the day in your new time zone, but also having a troubled sleep at night.
You may also feel less able to concentrate or motivate, exhibit decreased mental and physical performance, perhaps have headaches and irritability, loss of appetite and gastro-intestinal problems such as constipation.
How can you beat jet lag?
(Image: Getty)
If you're really worried, there are some measures you can take to help beat the severity of your jet lag.
We spoke to sleep expert Dr Nerina Ramlakhan to get her tips…
Before you fly:
1. Think ahead
Start preparing the week before you travel. Get good sleep, exercise regularly (preferably outdoors), eat healthily, avoid caffeine and keep hydrated.
2. Stay active
At the airport, move around as much as possible. Sitting around before you fly is the worst thing you can do – stay active before the flight and you won't feel as sluggish when you board.
Once on the plane, stretch and move around regularly as this will improve blood flow and stop you feeling too lethargic.
(Image: Getty)
3. Eat well
On the day you're travelling, and once you arrive at your destination, eat a healthy meal with fresh fruit and vegetables. Avoid caffeine, refined sugars and heavily salted plane food if possible.
Take snacks on board with you such as oat cakes, nuts and dried fruit, crudités and fresh fruit.
On the plane:
4. Drink wisely
Stay hydrated and avoid stimulants. Take a large bottle of water on the plane with you, and herbal tea bags so you can have a caffeine-free hot drink. Avoid alcohol .
(Image: Getty)
5. Meditate
Close your eyes and meditate on take-off and landing for 20 minutes each time. Breathe in deeply, and imagine putting down roots as you exhale.
Imagine those roots going all the way down to the core of the earth, anchoring you.
6. Relax
Watch a relaxing film, listen to music, or read. If you start feeling sleepy, switch the film off or put the book down, and prepare to rest rather than dozing off during an activity. If you have to work, do so for short amounts of time.
7. Rest
Put the emphasis on resting rather than sleeping. Dot lavender oils or eucalyptus on your flight cushion to help you relax, and use an eye mask and ear plugs.
Put a ‘DO NOT DISTURB' sign on your table if you don't want to be woken for meals or duty-free shopping trollies.
8. Go natural
Avoid medication to help you sleep as your body needs to naturally adjust to the time zone. If you can't sleep, think about having a rest – it's likely you will drift off anyway.
Once you arrive:
9. Don't nap
Try to hold off on napping as you need to synchronise your internal clock to your destination.
If you feel sleepy go for a walk. If you must nap, do it between 2-4 in the afternoon and sleep for a maximum of 20 minutes. Eat light food, as feeling too full will add to your tiredness. Stay hydrated and avoid alcohol.
10. Don't clock-watch
Change your clock to local time immediately and don't keep thinking about what the time is at home – this will only make you feel worse.
Dr Nerina Ramlakhan is Silent Night's resident sleep expert, visit silentnight.co.uk for more information.
What do pilots do to help with jet lag?
Pilots deal with jet lag on a daily basis; so when they share their advice, we listen.
Mirror Travel caught up with pilot Tom Richards, 30, who is a Senior First Officer on the Airbus A330 for Thomas Cook Airlines .
He's been flying professionally for seven years, and regularly does long-haul journeys; so he's a pro at adjusting to different time zones.
He's revealed his personal tips and tricks for surviving jet lag exclusively to Mirror Travel, from the best things to do during the flight right through to the moment you've arrived in your destination.
Avoid sleeping during the day in your new time zone, go for a walk in the sunlight. Exercise, gently and frequently. Stay hydrated before, during and after your flight. Eat at meal times of your new time zone as soon as possible as it will help your blood sugar levels adjust. Avoid artificial light prior to going to sleep such as TV, phones. Have short 30-40 minute naps if you find yourself feeling tired.
Tom also answered some of the passengers' most common questions - check out his full interview here .
What affects the severity of jet lag?
(Image: Getty)
The number of time zones you cross has an impact on how you feel and, sometimes, so does the direction of travel.
Symptoms are commonly worse if travel is eastwards rather than westwards. Symptoms may also depend on whether you are a morning person or a 'night owl'. Age and gender are not thought to hve any effect on the symptoms of jet lag.
How does jet lag differ from travel fatigue?
(Image: Media Wales)
Travelling in a car, bus, train can be uncomfortable and make you tired and irritable, but these are temporary symptoms which clear quickly after you've stopped travelling.
Travel fatigue can happen after any long-haul flight, but you will only suffer from jet lag if you cross several (probably more than three) time zones.
You only cross time zones if you travel eastward or westward, so you won't suffer from jet lag if you fly more or less directly north or south, for example from the UK to Africa or from North to South America.
Islamic State claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City district on Monday which killed 24 people and wounded 67 others.
Amaq news agency, a site linked to the militants, said in a statement distributed online that the attack had targeted a gathering of Shi'ite Muslims, which the ultra-hardline Sunni group considers apostates.
The blast also wounded more than 40 people, and Islamic State regularly targets civilian areas in the heavily fortified capital, even after losing most of the northern and western territory it seized in 2014.
Three bombs killed 29 people across the capital on Saturday, and an attack near the southern city of Najaf on Sunday left seven policemen dead.
U.S.-backed Iraqi forces are currently fighting to push Islamic State, the Sunni Muslim militant group, from the northern city of Mosul, the fighters' last major stronghold in the country, but are facing fierce resistance.
The recapture of Mosul would probably spell the end for Islamic State's self-styled caliphate, but the militants would still be capable of fighting a guerrilla-style insurgency in Iraq, and plotting or inspiring attacks on the West.
Since the offensive began on Oct. 17, elite forces have retaken a quarter of Mosul in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said the group would be driven out of the country by April.
As clashes continued in and around Mosul on Monday, Islamic State also targeted military positions away from the main battlefield.
Militants attacked an army barracks near Baiji, 180 km (112 miles) north of Baghdad, killing four soldiers and wounding 12 people, including Sunni tribal fighters, army and police sources said.
They seized weapons there and launched mortars at nearby Shirqat, forcing security forces to impose a curfew and close schools and offices in the town, according to local officials and security sources.
Shirqat mayor Ali Dodah said Islamic State seized three checkpoints on the main road linking Baiji to Shirqat following the attacks. Shelling in Shirqat had killed at least two children, he told Reuters by phone.
In a separate incident, gunmen broke into a village near Udhaim, 90 km (56 miles) north of Baghdad, where they executed nine Sunni tribal fighters with shots to the head, police and medical sources said.
At least three pro-government Shi'ite militia fighters were also killed and seven wounded when militants attacked their position near Udhaim with mortar rounds and machine guns, police sources said.
America's farmers and ranchers will soon have the opportunity to strongly represent agriculture in their communities and industry by taking part in the 2017 Census of Agriculture. Conducted every five years by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS), the census, to be mailed at the end of this year, is a complete count of all U.S. farms, ranches, and those who operate them.
“The Census of Agriculture remains the only source of uniform, comprehensive, and impartial agriculture data for every county in the nation,” said NASS Administrator Hubert Hamer. “As such, census results are relied upon heavily by those who serve farmers and rural communities, including federal, state and local governments, agribusinesses, trade associations, extension educators, researchers, and farmers and ranchers themselves.”
The Census of Agriculture highlights land use and ownership, operator characteristics, production practices, income and expenditures, and other topics. The 2012 Census of Agriculture revealed that over three million farmers operated more than two million farms, spanning over 914 million acres. This was a four percent decrease in the number of U.S. farms from the previous census in 2007. However, agriculture sales, income, and expenses increased between 2007 and 2012. This telling information and thousands of other agriculture statistics are a direct result of responses to the Census of Agriculture.
“Today, when data are so important, there is strength in numbers,” said Hamer. “For farmers and ranchers, participation in the 2017 Census of Agriculture is their voice, their future, and their opportunity to shape American agriculture – its policies, services, and assistance programs – for years to come.”
Producers who are new to farming or did not receive a Census of Agriculture in 2012 still have time to sign up to receive the 2017 Census of Agriculture report form by visiting www.agcensus.usda.gov and clicking on the ‘Make Sure You Are Counted' button through June. NASS defines a farm as any place from which $1,000 or more of agricultural products were produced and sold, or normally would have been sold, during the census year (2017).
For more information about the 2017 Census of Agriculture and to see how census data are used, visit www.agcensus.usda.gov or call (800) 727-9540.
CAIRO (AP) - In a story April 23 about Egypt's water conservation efforts in response to an Ethiopian dam, The Associated Press reported erroneously that parliament voted to ban water-intensive crops like rice and bananas. The new law would allow the government to ban such crops in some areas, but not in the whole country.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Fearing Ethiopian dam, Egypt restricts water-intensive crops
Egypt's parliament has passed a law allowing the government to restrict the cultivation of crops that require a large amount of water, amid fears that a massive Ethiopian dam being built upstream could cut into the country's share of the Nile
CAIRO (AP) - Egypt's parliament has passed a law allowing the government to restrict the cultivation of crops that require a large amount of water, amid fears that a massive Ethiopian dam being built upstream could cut into the country's share of the Nile.
The law passed late Sunday would allow the government to ban the cultivation of rice, bananas and other crops in some areas, with violators facing prison time and a fine of up to $3,000. Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi would need to approve the law.
The Nile provides virtually all the freshwater for Egypt's 100 million people.
El-Sissi says the country is building desalinization plants on the Red Sea to reduce its dependence on the river as Ethiopia nears completion of the dam.
It's frankly amazing.Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.Miki Sudo is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Fifty years ago this year, the church restored the permanent diaconate, opening the doors to married clergy who brought and continue to bring with them all the joys, sorrows, and complexities of family life to ordained ministry.
In the case of my family, that included first-hand experience with LGBT people.
In the fall of 2013, at the beginning of our oldest child's sophomore year at Georgetown University, she came out as transgender.
With that news, my family found itself plunged into questions and issues that surround families of faith with LGBT children.
If there is one truth that has become evident, it is that the reality transgender people live is miles from public perception.
Ongoing legal battles for the transgender community (including over the use of public restrooms) demonstrate how pervasive the misunderstandings and prejudices about gender identity continue to be.
In the case of the church specifically, a series of formal and informal statements has called into question the very existence of transgender individuals and has warned about “an ideology of gender,” described as an ideology that seeks to eliminate sexual differences in society, thereby undermining the basis for the family.
I respect the theology and the good intentions that underlie these statements, but I think they are based on lack of knowledge and experience and false information about transgender individuals.
My wife and I are cradle Catholics and have large extended families that are predominantly Catholic.
Our three children all attended Catholic schools, including Catholic colleges.
After decades of active lay ministry in the church, including various marriage enrichment programs, I was called to the diaconate, was ordained a permanent deacon in 2009, and completed my master's degree in theology in 2011.
To our dismay, our daughter descended into a deep depression during high school and attempted suicide.
Almost overnight we went from the usual parental worries about grades and college applications to just trying to get her through her junior year of high school alive.
My daughter's depression would eventually lead to her questioning of gender identity.
This was intimately connected with her mental health struggles.
We now understand that, like many LGBT individuals struggling with the decision to come out, she was faced with what seemed like an unsolvable dilemma: Either continue to deny who she really was or come out and risk losing her entire world of family, friends, and faith.
This inner battle drove her to consider suicide.
The overly simplistic, often negative message about LGBT individuals from the church that was so important to her upbringing only served to aggravate that situation.
As for my wife and me, we experienced the full range of thoughts and emotions that any parent does when a son or daughter comes out.
There was shock at the news, a lack of understanding of gender issues, internal conflict about what the church teaches about human sexuality, confusion and guilt about what we should do as parents, profound sadness at what felt like the loss of the person who had been our son, and fear and worry for what the future would hold for her.
There were arguments, tears, sleepless nights, and prayers—lots of prayers.
Over time we realized that we hadn't lost the person who had been our son but, when she embraced her gender identity, we got our child back. Continue reading
News category: Features.
The 4-time PBA MVP gets praise for keeping himself in check during the bench-clearing melee that marred the Philippines-Australia matchup
Published 11:09 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – June Mar Fajardo displayed the highest level of restraint when he held back from joining the free-for-all that marred the Gilas Pilipinas' default loss to Australia. But that, he said, was largely thanks to his mother.
The reigning 4-time PBA Most Valuable Player drew huge praise from Filipinos as he wound up as one of only 3 Gilas players left on court while the rest of the team got ejected for figuring in a bench-clearing brawl.
Fajardo, who was posting up Thon Maker before the scuffle broke out, said he could have joined the fight if he wanted to but decided to keep himself in check especially with his mother, Marites, in attendance.
"Ayoko ng ganoon. Isa pa andoon ‘yung mama ko. Tumingin nga ako sa kaniya, namutla ‘yung mama ko. Laging nire-remind ng parents ko na kung pwede mo iwasan ‘yung gulo, umiwas ka,” he said.
(I do not want that. My mother was there. I looked at her and she looked shocked. My parents always remind me that if I can avoid fights, then I should.)
“Hindi sa lahat ng bagay, idadaan mo sa init ng ulo. So kung pwede ka mag-walk out sa away, mag-walk out ka kasi ‘yung init ng sitwasyon mas lalala lang.”
(You cannot solve everything by succumbing to your anger. So if I can just walk out, then I will walk out because the situation will just get worse.)
But Fajardo does not want to take the credit for doing what he did, noting that the Gilas players involved in the brawl were caught in the moment and that he was still "proud" of his teammates.
"'Di natin sila pwede i-criticize sa ginawa nila kasi ginawa nila 'yung sa tingin nilang tama. Syempre ginawa ko lang 'yung kung anong tingin ko tama," said the Cebuano, who returned to PBA action and helped the San Miguel Beermen clinch a playoff berth.
(We cannot criticize them for doing what they did because that was what they thought was right. For me, I just did what I thought was right.)
The 28-year-old also called for unity as Filipinos had different opinions on the infamous incident.
"Alam naman natin na at the end of the day, 'yun pa rin 'yung team na susuportahan natin sa international games. So Pilipino pa rin tayo. Kailangan magkaisa tayo. Malalampasan natin 'to."
(We all know that at the end of the day, Gilas is still the team we will support in international games. We are still Filipinos. We need to unite. We will move on from this.) – Rappler.com
An angry truckie has blasted a female driver who moved into his path too slowly on Sydney's M3.
An angry truckie has blasted a female driver who moved into his path too slowly on Sydney's M3.
Could this be Australia's worst driver? Dashcam captures shocking crash on Sydney's M4 The West Australian
An angry truckie has blasted a female driver who moved across in front of him and then came to a complete stop in the middle of a busy Sydney motorway.
Mark Wearne shared vision of his crash on Dashcam Owners Australia, with the video already viewed more than 1.15 million times.
In the video, the truck driver is seen travelling on the M4 in Merrylands at 90km/h, when the woman comes onto the highway.
Instead of staying in her merging lane, she moves across in front of the truck driver, who has no room to brake before he hits the rear of her Toyota sedan.
“Why?” the truckie can be heard saying, before gasping and going on an expletive-ridden tirade.
“Oh how f****** stupid you gotta be?
“Fair dinkum.”
Instead of moving her vehicle off the busy eight-lane highway, the woman stops and exits her vehicle with her young child in the middle of the road, as motorists go past on both the inside and outside lanes.
Dashcam footage captures driver pulling out in front of a truck on NSW's M4.
“Can you drive up over there?” the truckie can be heard saying.
“Move your car!
“Lady, move your car please!
“OK listen, excuse me, don't worry about that now, move your car.”
But the woman is too busy on her mobile to move, causing traffic chaos around them.
In his post to Dashcam Owners Australia, the man says he was “exceptionally upset” by the woman's behaviour.
“In a very dangerous situation, the whole time I had my eye on her passenger door, waiting for the kid to jump out and potentially become road kill,” he said.
“I asked her (very politely and calmly) for her to move her car, she refused, I just wanted them both of the road.
“I asked again and again, each time my anger and frustration is building to boiling point.
“In her second stupid move for the day, she approaches the truck and demands my licence.
“I told her not to worry about that now, and that she needs to move her car immediately, again she refused and demanded my licence.
“That's when flew off the handle, only this time she moved her car. Sometimes you have to be cruel to be kind.”
Both the woman and her son were uninjured in the crash.
MAGICAL: Body artist Kelli MacAlpine was awarded second place in the airbrush category for this piece at the Australian Body Art Festival.
THE Australian Body Art Festival has crowned the winners of the two-day body art spectacular held in Cooroy at the weekend.
About 60 competitors embrace this year's theme of Wonderland, drawing 7000 spectators to watch some of the nation's best body artists, face painters, visual artists and wearable art designers create and parade their masterpieces.
Event manager Danielle Taylor says the theme drew a wide range of interpretat- ions across all competition categories and some truly incredible art emerged.
"Some artists focused on Alice in Wonderland, others on winter wonderland and many on what their own personal wonderland was, but they were all spectacular,” Ms Taylor said.
"It truly is phenomenal to watch the artists come together from near and far to create something special.
"The artists were under pressure to create their masterpieces within the defined time limits of the competitions, yet all had smiles on their faces and really seemed to enjoy themselves and celebrate the opportunity to work alongside fellow artists.”
The 2017 Australian Body Art Festival was a new festival to Cooroy and it was run as a community event by a team of over 100 volunteers funded through donations, crowd funding and support from local businesses.
"The festival had a great feel and was a huge success for the first year. It will only get better from here.”
The winners for each category are as follows:
Brush and sponge
Winner & People's Choice: Kristy O'Neil.
Winner and people's choice: Kristy O'Neil, runner-up: Laurie Faulkner, highly commended: Lorna Nickels.
Airbrush
Winner & People's Choice: Janie Fearon.
Winner and people's choice: Janie Fearon, runner-up: Kelli MacAlpine, highly commended: Holly Hughes.
Special effects
Winner: Holly Hughes.
Winner Holly Hughes, runner-up: Sandra Temple, people's choice: Fran Catford, highly commended: Yuhwa Shin from South Korea.
Face painting
Winner and people's choice: Kristy O'Neil, runner-up: Lorna Nickels, highly commended: Ayesha Henderson, encouragement award: Ji Yeon Choi from South Korea.
Wearable art - fashion made from recycled treasures
Jules McCrae in her Wonderland themed wearable art. Jules won first place in wearable art and took home $1000 prize money. Amber Macpherson
Winner: Jules McCrae, runner-up and people's choice Carol Thomson, highly commended: Valerie Lawrence-Slater.
Best models
Body art special effects category runner-up Sandra Temple, plus model Kristin Moss was crowned the best model on Sunday.
Simon Lyell and Kristin Moss.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has questioned Gianfranco Zola's decision to depart Birmingham City.
Blues were beaten 2-0 by Burton Albion on Monday, and amid fans calling for his head, Zola has elected to walk away with the West Midlands club just three points off the bottom three.
The Italian had taken charge back in December, replacing Rowett who was sacked with the club seventh in the league - three points off the top three.
Rowett who has since taken charge of Derby County, was asked about Zola's decision to quit on Monday night, after the Rams 1-1 draw with Huddersfield Town.
And the ex-Blues boss admitted his surprise by Zola's timing - “because someone's going to have to pick up the pieces”.
(Photo: PA Wire.)
(Photo: Rex Features)
“I have mixed emotions,” said Rowett. "I'm not sure resigning with three games to go particularly helps Birmingham.
"If you look at the run they have been on, I can't tell you what's in someone else's head, but someone's going to have to pick up the pieces because they are in a serious, serious relegation fight.”
Zola told the press he was 'sorry' to hand in his notice and he only did so to give Blues the best chance possible of securing their Championship status.
"I believe now there is no need to ask questions, I'm sure you are well informed that I decided to give my resignation to this club," said Zola, speaking on Monday night.
"I am sorry because obviously I came here with huge expectations and there were a lot of expectations from the people, from the club, from myself, and unfortunately the results have not been good.
(Photo: Harry Trump)
"I take full responsibility myself for that. I'm the first one to be disappointed about the results, so I decide to do this.
"It's not that I like quitting, but I feel this club deserves the best chance.
"At the moment it looks like I cannot help... I feel this club deserves my respect, and I feel like I'm not going to help the team then it's better that I leave someone else to do that.
"I feel very bad, very sorry, but we work a lot with a lot of good meaning and unfortunately it didn't produce the results. It's very disappointing."
(WTNH)– We are down to the final few weeks before kids head back to school which means it's time to buy those school supplies. This morning we are stretching your dollar with how to save on classroom necessities.
It still feels like summer but soon enough you'll be sending the kids back to school and Retail Me Not experts say as it sneaks up on us, it can be a stressful time for parents. But start planning now and you'll find you can easily save money. Sara Skirboll suggests starting with your smartphone.
“Always look for a deal on the internet or even using a free savings application like Retail Me Not where you're going to be almost save $20 in close to 20 seconds. So that's a pretty significant savings for only a couple minutes of research,” said Skirboll.
Money-saving apps can help track down coupon codes and don't forget about discounted gift cards. Pick a store you want to buy the kids clothing or supplies and visit sites like Gift Card Granny to get a higher valued gift card at a lower cost.
If there are supplies the whole class needs, buy in bulk with other parents.
“Sometimes I've seen lists where you need three sharpies, three highlighters, go in with a couple of other moms or dads from the school classroom and go to Costco and get a big pack of sharpie markers, or big pack of highlighters and split the bill in fact,” said Skirboll.
Another easy way to save: only buy what you absolutely need at the start of the school year. Clothing and supplies will be going on sale about a month after everyone's back in the classroom.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's not long until Pancake Day and low cost supermarket Iceland is offering shoppers an incredible value pancake bundle for £5 - saving customers nearly a fiver off the cost of buying everything individually.
The offer, limited to four per customer, includes five essentials items you'll need to make some cracking pancakes next month and even a free pan worth £5, to cook it all in.
Online shoppers can select from the following items to claim the bundle:
A frying pan which normally costs £5
McDougalls pancake mix
One of a selection of Frylight spray cooking oils
Maple syrup
A bottle of lemon juice
If you're planning to do a full shop online at the same time, we've also spotted a cashback bonus offer for all new Quidco members that will save shoppers £15 off any £35 shop .
It's straightforward to redeem the savings, all you have to do is sign up to Quidco as a new member for free. Then, using the tracked offer link provided on the Quidco website , head to Iceland's site to shop as normal.
Once it's done Quidco then track your purchase and pay out the £15 bonus towards the cost of your shopping - and the best bit is you have up until February 13 to claim.
Parkview elementary got outside together for a school-wide cross-country meet on May 24. Students ran routes from 200 metres to one kilometre depending on their grade.
Skip to the next and previous photo by typing j/k or ←/→.
Brooklyn Warmerhoven, Rosalie Makayev, Chase Lowe, Easton Hilder and Zoe Good Water start the school wide cross-country meet. (Jim Elliot/Eagle Valley News)
Makayla Kraft smiles as she sees the finish line in sight at the Parkview Elementary school-wide cross-country meet on Thursday, May 24. (Jim Elliot/Eagle Valley News)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Katie Price sparked an online debate when she shared a naked picture of herself, taken just minutes before she gave birth to daughter Bunny.
The former glamour model went on a trip down memory lane as she took to Instagram to share some throwback pictures.
She shared images of her kids, including one of daughter Bunny, two, taken just after she was born prematurely.
But one of her pictures sparked a bit of a debate amongst her fans.
In the image, the star is heavily pregnant and standing in the hospital wearing nothing but a surgery gown and a pair of compression stockings.
(Photo: officialkatieprice/Instagram)
But Katie is standing with the gown pulled up above her bump and she's not wearing any underwear.
The way she's posing means that you can't really see anything, but it still seemed to upset some people.
The mum-of-five posted it, writing: "Omg got some throw back pictures this was me pregnant with bunny and 5 mins after this picture I had my c section" [sic]
Some people took offence to the picture.
(Photo: officialkatieprice/Instagram)
One said: "Little too much with this picture I think"
"Too much, some things should be kept private," said another.
And another posted: "U have no knickers on..... plastering it all over effing instagram.... some people have no self respect or self worth.... really" [sic]
But others defended Katie.
One fan wrote: "I think this is a beautiful photo of a beautiful pregnant lady looking happy & proud to be having her baby,nothing more & nothing less.What is the wrong in sharing a picture that You as a Mum are proud of.It's in no way distasteful or harmful to anyone so I don't understand the negative comments.If you don't like a picture or post then you can just scroll past,why follow someone you don't like & go to the extreme of writing nasty comments" [sic]
(Photo: officialkatieprice/Instagram)
And another wrote: "Some people take life too seriously.. I looked at this and laughed... was probably tongue in cheek when this pic was taken and I'm sure we'd all love to look so good 5mins before giving birth... believe me... my pre- and post-birth photos are not for sharing, I look like nothing on earth... in fact you'd be more offended at my pics than Katie's"
Mirror Online has contacted Katie's representatives for comment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The humble flask is moving on from soup and coffee to be the home of ice cream thanks to a cool new Twitter lifehack.
A user called Donald Li realised he could keep his favourite ice cream from melting if he popped it in his flask pre-loaded with ice.
He posted snaps of his eureka moment - also starring his inquisitive cat - onto the social networking site with the comment: "Pint of ice cream fits perfectly into a Yeti cup. I think my life has peaked now. (Bonus ice at the bottom makes it extra cold)."
Within hours, Donald had clocked up more than 14k retweets and over 41k likes as ice cream fans went pots for his plan.
He later followed up his original message the React to his idea going viral. He added: "No matter what else I accomplish in life I don't think it'll ever be greater than that time I put ice cream in a cup.
"How many favorites do I need on a tweet before I can put it on a resume?"
Some 600 people have also commented on his ground-breaking find - some of which we've shared below.
As if one ice cream revelation wasn't enough for a Monday morning, get ready for this - a brand new 'Make Your Own' ice cream range has just gone on sale at Asda, seen below.
And as chance would have it, the price is on Rollback this week down from £1.50 to £1.
All you do is tip the powder into a bowl, add milk and fold in the toppings, before freezing for a couple of hours...then just grab a spoon and dig in!
They're available in three dreamy flavours of Vanilla Flavour with Fudge Pieces , Caramel Delight with Honeycomb Pieces and Chocolate Heaven with Choc Curls .
And if you're feeling adventurous, you can always add in extra bits of your favourite chocolate bar before freezing...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roseanne Barr retweeted a string of abusive comments in a fresh online rant, after her show was cancelled following her racist remarks.
The star continued her attack on Barack Obama's former aide, Valerie Jarrett, despite reissuing an apology.
Barr, 65, sparked a huge backlash on Monday when she called Jarrett an “ape”, in a tweet she later deleted. On Tuesday, she announced she was quitting Twitter.
But on Wednesday she returned to the site, reposting her initial remarks, including an image of Jarrett's face next to a character from Planet of the Apes.
She added a fake tweet claiming Jarrett had said she wanted to make America more Islamic.
(Image: Twitter)
Barr's initial post read: “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj.”
Producers and stars of her sitcom, Roseanne, quickly condemned her remarks. US network ABC scrapped the successful relaunch of her hit 90s show, which was popular on Channel 4 here.
Reruns of the original sitcom were also pulled by US broadcaster Viacom.
Barr later blamed her rant on the sleeping pill Ambien. She wrote: “It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting. I went 2 far & do not want it defended.”
Yesterday, Ambien's manufacturer, Sanofi, said: “Racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
Barr yesterday insisted: “I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be. One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights.”
US President Donald Trump – who Barr is a vocal supporter of – waded in.
He wrote on Twitter: “Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr.
(Image: Rex)
“He never called President Donald J. Trump to apologise for the HORRIBLE statements made about me on ABC.”
Barr also reacted to her co-stars' criticism.
Michael Fishman, 36 – who played her son D.J. – called her remarks “reprehensible”. He added: “Our cast, crew, writers and production staff strived for inclusiveness.”
Barr wrote: “I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. You throw me under the bus. Nice!”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You probably remember National Treasure.
It's not one of Nicolas Cage's most critically acclaimed movies, but it entertained a lot of families.
The story is about a hoard of treasure hidden years ago by the Freemasons.
Only Ben Gates (cage) could locate the goods – by rubbing lemon juice on the Declaration of Independence (the piece of paper America wrote on when it separated from British colonial rule).
Anyway, you might also remember young Ben Gates, who appears at the beginning of the movie rummaging through his grandfather's attic.
The star was Hunter Gomez, and 13 years ago he looked very different to now. Now 26, Gomez has become a man.
He remembers filming National Treasure. He told BuzzFeed : "Jon Voight was the epitome of a class act. He was so kind and patient with me as a young actor.
"Years later I actually ran into him and I told him who I was. His eyes lit up, and he just looked at me and said, 'You grew up!'"
Gomez said he couldn't stop giggling while filming the movie, but everyone on set was very kind.
And while he didn't actually meet Cage on set, he did at the premiere. "Nic was just plain cool", Gomez said.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Hunter Gomez/Instagram)
Gomez was allowed to keep the Converse shoes he wore for the film, and his mum kept the blue t-shirt he auditioned in as a momento. She even helped him learn his lines.
The child star is studying now. He's at George Washington University in DC. Apparently a lot of people ask him if he's there to steal the Declaration of Independence.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Thompson is getting in so much bother with his love life, that his sister has stepped in to sort things out.
On this series of Made In Chelsea : Ibiza, Sam is meant to be "on a break" from girlfriend of two years, Tiffany Watson.
But Sam, who is currently in Celebrity Big Brother, has been getting with Mimi Bouchard during their time in Ibiza, and things are getting rather hot and heavy between them.
She's confessed to pals that she's been staying in his bed every night and confessed on Monday's episode that they'd had sex.
(Image: Channel 4)
(Image: Channel 4)
During a cosy date, Mimi said she was advised to "steer clear" of Sam.
"To be honest, I really like you," he said.
He said it wasn't "about the sex" and that he wasn't going to let anyone stop him spending time with her.
And later Mimi was warned off by Louise, who said that her and Sam were "making massive mistakes".
"It's so tough," Mimi said, and Louise told her that they "weren't going to end up together".
Mimi says: "I'm not asking for you to say that. I'm just saying that right now, in this moment, Sam wants to continue this and he wants to see where this goes and he's happy, I want you to see that."
(Image: Channel 4)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Louise told her: "It's heartbreaking, it breaks my heart."
"I wish you could hear what he says to me," Mimi says.
And Louise tells her: "I'd probably be really offended by it. I just think that you and Sam are making massive mistakes."
During the show, Sam and Mimi discussed their star signs and dating history, with Mimi admitting that she's "never been in love".
Mimi says she had "no idea" that any of this was going to happen, and Sam said it was a "nice surprise".
Sam confessed to sister Louise and her boyfriend Ryan as they arrived on the island that he's been telling people he's single, saying he's "fully into it now", and that he's hooked up with Mimi.
Louise told him he only went on a break with Tiffany a month ago.
(Image: Channel 4)
(Image: Channel 4)
Later, during a game of beech volleyball, Mimi told the girls that she's been sleeping in the same bed as Sam for a while, and that they eventually had sex last night.
She made the confession after they asked her why she looked so happy.
Sam was with Tiffany for two years.
Pal Louise said Tiff didn't expect them to go on a break and for him to meet someone else straight away, and he said that he never meant to hurt her.
Mimi tells Sam: "I know, it's perfect and I just want to live in the moment with you."
But Sam questioned his actions during the episode, saying: "Can I live with myself being the guy that is gonna hurt the only person I've ever loved?"
Fans weren't impressed with Sam.
(Image: Channel 4)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One said: "It's obvious you haven't even thought about Tiff."
"I hope that Tiff fires Sam off the island," wrote another.
And another had predicted: "Obviously Tiff is going to turn up 5 minutes towards the end of the episode & cause a scene"
Some weren't keen on Mimi.
One said: "why is mimi sooo cringey"
"Stop tryna act cute mimi, you are not cute," said another.
One angry fan tweeted: "Feel sick looking at Mimi and Sam, p**s off Mimi"
But some took her side, with one writing: "Mimi hasn't done anything wrong"
Sam is now seen getting close to X Factor 's Amelia Lily in the Celebrity Big Brother house.
* Made In Chelsea: Ibiza continues on E4
The results are in from Harrisburg, where the Pennsylvania Labor Relations Board spent four hours manually counting votes from dozens of cardboard boxes Tuesday morning: Penn State graduate students have voted against forming a union.
The final vote count was 950 to 1,438, in an election where about 60 percent of the nearly 3,800 graduate students who were eligible to vote — research and teaching assistants — cast ballots. The union needed a majority of votes to win.
“The Graduate School is pleased that many graduate students made their voices heard by voting in the election,” Penn State said in a statement on Twitter, adding that the school would “continue to address areas of concern to graduate students” through the avenues already in place.
“We are disappointed about the outcome,” Jerome Clarke, a North Philly native and copresident of Penn State's Coalition of Graduate Employees, said in a statement. “Unfortunately, the Graduate School's outrageous antiunion campaign bullied and scared graduate assistants, contributing to a vote against union representation.”
The vote was the culmination of a four-year effort to unionize that began when graduate students discovered the school had made a change to their health care benefits without their input. Student organizers wanted a voice, and more transparency, when it came to decisions made around working conditions, benefits, and stipends, and they believed a union was the way to accomplish that.
Penn State administration officials have been outspoken against the union, saying that graduate students are “students first and foremost,” instead of workers, and that they could make their voice heard in other ways, like through the Graduate and Professional Student Association and the university's dean for graduate student affairs.
“We do not believe a collective bargaining agreement with a union — which is designed to serve the interests of a collective whole and the union itself, rather than individual students — could ever best serve the needs of our graduate students or the University,” Penn State president Eric Barron wrote in a statement posted in early April. “In fact, we believe it could impede the academic and mentoring relationships Penn State has with its graduate students.”
The unionization effort got especially tense in the last month, when an antiunion organization backed a graduate student who hoped to stop the union election, and when Penn State issued statements that warned that international graduate students could lose their status if the union were to go on strike.
Had the union vote been successful, grad students would have been affiliated with the Pennsylvania State Education Association, which represents education workers statewide.
Penn State graduate students were part of a growing trend in academia, though growth has largely slowed with the prospect of a Republican-controlled National Labor Relations Board. Because Penn State is a state-related university, its union is governed by the Pennsylvania Labor Relations Board.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
© unknown
Can dopamine explain lack of physical activity?
"We know that physical activity is linked to overall good health, but not much is known about why people or animals with obesity are less active. There is a common belief that obese animals don't move as much because carrying extra body weight is physically disabling. But our findings suggest that assumption does not explain the whole story."
Alexxai V. Kravitz
Examining dopamine receptors in mice
Dopamine deficit may explain physical inactivity, reducing stigma
"In many cases, willpower is invoked as a way to modify behavior. But if we don't understand the underlying physical basis for that behavior, it is difficult to say that willpower alone can solve it."
Alexxai V. Kravitz
Perhaps you have told yourself many times that, as of next week, you will start exercising more. Perhaps next month. Maybe even next year. For many of us, however, sticking to a disciplined program of physical exercise is one of the hardest New Year's resolutions. New research offers clues as to why finding the motivation to exercise can be so difficult.The benefits of physical activity are well known. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report thatIf you are looking to control your weight, the advantages of exercise are numerous. Not only has physical activity been shown to reduce metabolic syndrome - which means that it is good for regulating one's metabolism - but it also burns calories , and in combination with a healthful diet, exercise can help to maintain weight over a long period of time.While many people are aware of the benefits of physical activity in theory, many of us find it particularly hard in practice to stay physically active. New research may help to explain why this is so.Lead researcher Alexxai V. Kravitz - of the Diabetes, Endocrinology, and Obesity Branch at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK) - wondered why it is that obese animals have such a hard time doing physical activity.The common perception is that animals, or people that are obese, are less physically active because they have to carry much more body weight . However, because Kravitz has a background in Parkinson's disease , he noticed similarities between obese mice and Parkinsonian mice while he was studying.This triggered his hypothesis that perhaps something else could contribute to physical inactivity."Other studies have connected dopamine signaling defects to obesity, but most of them have looked at reward processing - how animals feel when they eat different foods. We looked at something simpler: dopamine is critical for movement, and obesity is associated with a lack of movement. Can problems with dopamine signaling alone explain the inactivity?"Researchers set out to examine dopamine signaling in lean and obese mice, and the findings were published in the journal Cell Metabolism.To do this, they fed a group of eight mice a normal diet, and they fed another group a high-fat diet for 18 weeks.Starting from week 2, the mice on a high-fat diet started gaining significantly more weight than the lean ones. By week 4, obese mice spent less time moving, had fewer movements, and were slower when they did move, compared with lean mice.Scientists examined whether changes in movement correlated with body weight gain, and they found that it did not. Interestingly, the mice on a high-fat diet moved less before they gained the majority of the weight, which suggests that the extra weight could not have been responsible for the reduced movement.To identify the mechanisms behind physical inactivity, Kravitz and team quantified several aspects of dopamine signaling.They found that the D-2 type receptor (D2R) binding, found in the striatum, was reduced in obese mice. This was consistent with previous research in rodents.Then, scientists genetically removed D2Rs from the striatum of lean mice to determine if there was a causal link between D2Rs and inactivity. Researchers then placed the lean mice on a high-fat diet.Surprisingly, they found that these mice did not gain more weight, despite their physical inactivity.This suggests that although deficits in striatal D2R contribute to physical inactivity in obesity, such inactivity is more "a consequence than a cause of obesity," as the authors put it.Although "there are probably other factors involved as well, the deficit in D2 is sufficient to explain the lack of activity," says Danielle Friend, first author of the study and former NIDDK postdoctoral fellow.Kravitz mentions that his future research will examine the connection between diet and dopamine signaling. Kravitz and team will investigate whether unhealthful eating affects dopamine signaling, and how quickly mice recover to normal activity levels once they start eating healthfully and losing weight.Finally, Kravitz hopes that his research will help to relieve some of the stigma faced by people with obesity.
The State of Montana Department of Corrections has asked the public for help in locating 25 year old Byron Colon. He is described as Native American with a medium build, approximately 220 lbs and around 5'9". He has black hair, brown eyes, and is left hand dominant.
On his right hand, he has a tattoo that says "ICE" across middle three fingers. On his left hand is a tattoo that says "FIRE" across all but his thumb. His forearm has a tattoo of a tomahawk with feathers & "Native Pride" (inside), "Salish" (outside). He has round burn marks under both eyes and a sleeve on both arms.
His crime was Assault with a Weapon.
The Department of Correction asks that is you have seen or know the whereabouts of Colon, notify your local law enforcement.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kanye West has finally made his Kardashian Christmas card debut 11 days in.
Reality queen Kim has been sharing photos with her 105million followers since December 1st. And while the snaps have featured Kardashian kids North, Saint, Penelope, Mason, Reign and also Rob's daughter Dream, the 40-year-old rapper is nowhere to be seen.
That of course changed on Monday when the mum-of-two shared a snap of husband and wife (their torsos, at least) standing in front of a Christmas tree in jeans and white tops as they stick to the style theme.
"DAY 11," she simply captioned it.
Kourtney has also appeared in one of Kim's earlier snaps, shot by photographer Eli Linnetz, but there's still no sign of Khloe and Kylie, who are both rumoured to be expecting babies early next year.
Kim previously said she had was going to be organising this year's card.
Appearing on James Corden's The Late Late Show, she told the host: “This year's Christmas card is shot really casually.
"We're kind of doing [a] jeans-and-T-shirts vibe. Really cute. All the kids are so hard to put together.”
(Image: Splash News)
While the 2015 Christmas card only featured North, Reign, Penelope and Mason, the famous family opted not to release a card at all in 2016.
With a picture a day, they're clearly making up for it.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ruth Langsford's 'promotions girl' past was revealed love on This Morning to a shocked Eamonn Holmes.
During a discussion on Formula 1 'grid girls' being banned, the presenter revealed she delved into promotions in her younger years.
At the age of 19, someone dropped out and a friend asked Ruth if she would step in, but she admitted she "was not very good".
Her husband seemed confused yet impressed and asked if she was "scantily dressed" and if any photos were available.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Ruth and Eamonn had been chatting to Michelle Westby, a former grid girl who used the platform to become a stunt driver.
Just a few days after the Professional Darts Corporation banned its Walk-on Girls, Formula 1 has followed suit by banning the use of promo models, commonly called Grid Girls.
But the decision has prompted outrage amongst many of the women and critics have blasted it as 'ridiculous' and 'prudish'.
Kelly Brook, Jodie Marsh, Melinda Messenger and Katie Price have all had the role, but one surprising name to add to the list is Ruth.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The Loose Women panelist argued that the focus should be on the motor sport world to include women and train them as drivers.
She claimed that the idea of grid girls was "old fashioned" and they should be able to get in on merits.
But after Michelle revealed she got into the role after a friend dropped out, Ruth revealed she had a similar experience.
(Image: ITV)
Eamonn said: "It just occurred to me, I've had this thought that you will kick me in the shin for, did you not tell me you used to be a promotions girl?"
Revealing all, Ruth said: "No I said I did the same once, someone dropped out and a friend asked if I could come and do it and I was not very good."
Shocked Eamonn asked: "So you were a promotions girl?"
Ruth did admit there were a few problems that made her promotions career stop before it really began.
She said: "I was a bit bored. I was on my feet for so long."
Giggling Eamonn wanted to know when it happened and asked if there were pictures, as well as if his wife was "scantily dressed".
"No I was not," snapped Ruth, who revealed she was 19 when it happened.
* This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10.30am
DETROIT (WWJ/AP) — The city of Detroit and community leaders hope to bring more fun back to Halloween for children and families after successfully reducing arsons over the three-day Angels' Night period.
An expanded number of parties, trick-or-treating and other Halloween-themed activities are planned at Detroit police precincts, fire stations, recreation centers and some city parks.
“We are going to have a haunted park, we'll have a haunted bus again,” Charlie Beckham, Detroit group executive for neighborhoods, told WWJ Newsradio 950. “Last year, it was at the 10th precinct and it was truly a haunted bus. I went up to the door because I heard a lot of screaming in there, and that's as far as I went.”
Volunteers also are being sought to join city workers and help patrol Detroit neighborhoods.
The day before Halloween had historically been a time of mischief and called Devil's Night in Detroit. Vacant houses began to be torched in the 1980s. The city had more than 800 fires during the Halloween period in 1984.
The city reported 59 fires during last year's Angels' Night campaign. Fewer than two dozen were considered suspicious. There were 52 fires in 2015.
Detroit City Council President Brenda Jones is hoping they can lower last year's number even more.
“I would love to see a year with no fires,” Jones said. “A safe Detroit.”
© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Update: Now that Madden 18 has been available for a few months we're hopeful that like many of EA's other sports titles it'll make an appearance in the Black Friday sales bundled along with the latest consoles or as a standalone offer.
Cut to the chase
What is it? The next annual release of the Madden NFL franchise
The next annual release of the Madden NFL franchise What can I play it on? PS4 and Xbox One
PS4 and Xbox One When does it come out? August 25, 2017
So when can you get your gloves on the latest Madden? For most folks, August 25, 2017 is the time and place for kick-off for the new season. But, if you pre-order the G.O.A.T. Edition of the game, you'll actually be able to play it a few days earlier on Tuesday, August 22, 2017.
Should you decide to drop a little extra on the G.O.A.T. Edition of the game –G.O.A.T. stands for Greatest of All-Time, by the way – you'll receive one of five Elite G.O.A.T. players, an elite player from your favorite NFL team, 12 Squad Packs, 2500 contracts and one uniform pack in Madden NFL 18 Ultimate Team.
Of course, if you don't need all the extras of the G.O.A.T. Edition but still want to check out the game early, you can always subscribe to EA Access.
EA Access subscribers can play up to 10 hours of the game starting on Thursday, August 17 with EA Access First Trial. (You'll also get a pretty sweet 10% discount on the game for being a subscriber, too.)
Madden 18 cover athlete
So who's going to grace the cover of the game this year? Who else but the GOAT – New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady?
What makes Brady's nomination particularly exciting is that he follows his teammate, Rob Gronkowski, who was the face on the Madden 17 box.
Check out the box art for yourself:
Madden 18 new features and mechanics
If you're just coming out of virtual retirement, a lot has changed since the days of the PS2 and original Xbox era, so try to pay attention while we review some of the basics, and then progress to the new features coming later this year.
Last year, Madden 17 introduced a simpler way to stop runs and passes called play counters. Instead of choosing specific plays, play counters allowed you to predict what kind of play your opponent would call (a passing play or an inside run, for example) and automatically line your defense up to counter it.
In franchise mode last year, Madden 17 introduced new “big moments” that shaped your player and your team's future. Deciding to keep a quarterback in after he's had a minor injury could cost you season if he gets hit a second time. Substituting a rookie in might mean the difference between a loss against your rivals and another tally in the win column.
But all that was last year. What's new in 2018?
New this year is the Frostbite physics and visual engine that will power the next-gen Madden experience. We've seen this in other EA titles before, but this will be the first time seeing it in the Madden franchise. Also new is the Play Now Live! mode that lets you recreate the best real-world NFL matches of the week.
According to EA, there's also going to be a new game mode. We haven't heard too much about it yet, but it's supposed to be a variation on the traditional franchise / player creation mode that takes an unknown player you've created to the top of the league.
Gameplay-wise, a new feature called Target Passing will give you better passing control, allowing you to throw the ball to who you want in the exact spot on the field. If traditional play calling is too tough, Madden 18 is introducing three new play styles: Arcade, Simulation and Competitive. Here's a description of each:
Arcade: Action packed excitement filled with spectacular plays and scoring with limited penalties. Simulation: True to player and team ratings using authentic NFL rules and gameplay. Competitive: Your stick skills are key, earn big rewards for your skill or receive bigger penalties.
Also new is the Coverage Assignment feature that helps you track which receiver you're supposed to be guarding when you're on defense.
You can also expect the return of Madden Ultimate Team and Franchise modes in 2018.
Madden 18 trailer
A new year, a new football season. Madden 18 rushed onto the stage at EA's Play event at E3 2017 , bringing its first-ever story mode along for the ride.
Titled Longshot, this is Madden NFL's first-ever cinematic and playable story mode, according to EA. You play Devin Wade, a prospect who's faded from the spotlight, as he fights through blood, sweat and tears to have his name called by the commissioner on Draft Day.
Watch the new Madden 18: Longshot trailer below:
Today's best Madden NFL 18 deals ? $38.98 View No price information Check Amazon
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Spice Girls have been spotted making their way to Geri Halliwell's house and teasingly shared the first picture of all five of them we have seen in six years,
Mel B was seen yesterday leaving her adopted hometown of Los Angeles and boarding a plane heading to London. She arrived at Geri's huge mansion on Friday afternoon, carting her trademark leopard-print in the form of a fluffy briefcase.
Geri Halliwell - aka Ginger Spice - was seen driving herself in to her own driveway in a posh silver car, where she's expected to host reunion talks with her four other bandmates and their old manager Simon Fuller.
And the champagne was at the ready!
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: Splash News)
Mel C made her way on foot to the posh London property, which Geri shares with husband Christian Horner, daughter Bluebell and baby son Monty.
Most surprisingly, Victoria Beckham - who was thought to be the one bandmate least keen on reforming - was also seen being chauffeured to Geri's London home this afternoon.
Despite Geri's recent culinary exploits on This Morning, she didn't provide a home-cooked lunch for her friends, instead ordering in food from Planet Organic.
The posh grocery story specialises in raw foods including pricey manuka honey, spirulina flakes and fermented drinks like apple cider vinegar.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: Splash News)
According to The Sun, Mel C, Mel B, Emma Bunton, Geri Horner and even Victoria Beckham have also said yes - but with Posh vowing she won't be singing.
Emma Bunton was also spotted heading to Geri's house - wearing a baby blue coat.
Baby Spice wore a pair of chic black trousers and a matching top, carrying a designer bag on her arm.
The blonde beauty had her coat draped over her shoulders and carried a pair of shades in her hand, smiling as she made her way through the gate.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
And last but not least to be pictured making her way to Geri's was Victoria.
Posh Spice was spotted in the back of a car with their manager Simon Fuller.
The fashion designer was wearing sunglasses and held her hand up to her face as the posh Mercedes-Benz pulled up to Geri's North London pad.
It's rumoured that the reunion could net the members £10 million each.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Flynet)
Their new projects are set to include a TV show in China, endorsement deals, and a compilation album of their greatest hits.
A source said: “This is the pop reunion no one thought would ever happen again.
“But after a long period of negotiation Victoria agreed the time is right to work on new projects this year.
“It's very exciting because she has always been adamant she wouldn't go back.”
The source also said that Victoria had been concerned about singing but is keen to "pump money back into her business".
Mel C had previously admitted she couldn't see a reunion happening unless all five of the ladies were on board.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Speaking on ITV's The Nightly Show in March 2017, she told Davina McCall: "That's where I'm at right now, that's where myself and Victoria are at.
"It's not really doing the band justice to go out as a four-piece, whoever is missing, it doesn't matter."
She added: "For me, Spice Girls, it's like a jigsaw puzzle.
"It's different to other bands because you look at Take That and they are going out as a three-piece, and they are brilliant, I love the boys.
(Image: Splash News)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty)
"But with the Spice Girls everything about us was the individuality and what that created together."
It was previously reported that the planned 2017 reunion featuring just Mel B, Geri and Emma, had been axed with Geri being the first to pull out to focus on her family.
The band last appeared on stage together at the 2012 Olympics closing ceremony in London.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The breakout star of this year's I'm A Celebrity has undoubtedly been Kiosk Keith .
But it's now been revealed that he's not even called Keith! Nope, his name is actually, wait for it, Raymond.
To be fair, Kiosk Ray doesn't have the same ring to it.
Rylan Clark made the shocking revelation on today's This Morning, and also revealed that the gruff star has got a rather raunchy project in the pipeline.
According to the presenter, the father-of-four is going to release a sexy tome titled 50 Shades of Kiosk Keith.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: ITV)
It comes after the laborer, who apparently doesn't get paid for the show, told his ex-wife Donna to make sure that she told the press that he's a good lover.
And show winner Georgia Toff Toffolo has already seen Keith's mini-Keith, having gotten giddy after spotting his "little willy winky" during the Grim Grotto trial.
Three of the campmates were transformed into Santa's little helpers and tasked with assembling Kiosk Keith action figures on his production line.
After getting her hands on one of the dolls, Toff was shocked at the resemblance to Keith and his "cracking six pack".
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Toff, Amir Khan and Iain Lee left the camp to take part in a late night challenge in the hope of winning a big breakfast for camp.
As they set off, Iain said: “It's the A-team, it's Toff and Iain, the tough guys, and their 12-year-old son Amir.”
They discovered a sparkling Christmas grotto, but were worried when they saw it was called Grim Grotto.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
A scroll informed them that they had to make Christmas toys for all the children on the good list.
This year each child had asked for the same gift, a Kiosk Keith doll and each doll had to be dressed, gift tagged and then placed down the delivery shoot to be placed on Santa's sleigh.
Toff said: "Oh they're hunky. Kiosk Keith does not look like this naked."
Getting a closer look, she said: "Oh my God it actually looks like him."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
In the Bush Telegraph, a happy Toff shouted: "I've seen Kiosk Keith's little willy winky. Hey he's got a cracking six pack as well. Didn't see that coming."
The group sang Christmas songs to keep their spirits up as they set about their work while trying to avoid rats, spiders and cockroaches.
Iain lost his rag with Amir after he made Keith "do a moony" and used them to create wrestling fights.
The campmates eventually finished their work and won a big breakfast for the morning.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
I'm A Celebrity viewers were just as keen as Toff and took to Twitter to ask whether they could buy the action figure.
One keen viewer said: "A kiosk Keith doll will be at the top of my list this year"
Another asked: "Dear Jungle Santa, please can I have a Kiosk Keith doll?"
A third said: "Are they selling the Kiosk Keith dolls? Because I'll take one"
WATCH: "I never believed in love at first sight. Until now." @hodakotb shares her journey with little #HaleyJoy so far pic.twitter.com/pw4sBYZ4t5 — TODAY (@TODAYshow) April 17, 2017
Today is a new day for Hoda Kotb.
The new mom returned to work Monday for the first time since adopting her daughter Haley in February, and the 52-year-old first-time mother was very emotional in her first appearance, telling her co-hosts that Haley has changed everything about her life.
"I didn't know this existed before now," she told Matt Lauer, Savannah Guthrie and Dylan Dreyer. "And I understand everyone who has kids, which is all of you guys, I understand what you meant, but it took me this long" -- that is, that she didn't know she could feel love like this.
Savannah Guthrie, Matt Lauer, Hoda Kotb and Dylan Dreyer, Today
Kotb can't stop crying tears of joy. "I felt like in my life I've had beyond what I could have imagined," she said in a video taped before she returned to the studio. "But this is beyond a dream. Like you have your dreams, and then this," she said, her voice trailing off. "I never believed in love at first sight until now."
She said she always wanted to have a baby, but after cancer and a divorce, she didn't think it was going to happen and kind of resigned herself to not getting what she wanted until she decided that there was no reason why not. She went to her partner Joel Schiffman and said she'd like to explore adoption -- and he said of course.
It's very sweet. She's going to have a hard time focusing on work, because her mind is happily elsewhere.
Lisbon: Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo won the 2017 Quina de Oro Award for Best Portuguese Footballer of the year, for the second consecutive year. Ronaldo on Monday received the award at the Carlos Lopes Pavilion in a ceremony organised by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF), the National Association of Portuguese Coaches (ANTP) and the Union of Professional Football Players (SJPF), reports Efe.
UEFA President Aleksander Ceferin presented the award to Real Madrid`s forward, who prevailed in the final vote over Manchester City`s Bernardo Silva and Sporting CP`s Rui Patricio. "It was an unforgettable year on a personal and individual level," Ronaldo said, recalling Portugal`s qualification for the World Cup in Russia and the "historic year" for Real Madrid, with five trophies.
Ronaldo won the award for the second consecutive year, but he also has in his portfolio the Quina de Oro Award for the Best Portuguese Player of All Time which the Federation awarded him in 2015.
Despite warm temperatures, Environment Canada believes the snow will be around for the next several days."We can still see the band of snow on satellite imagery," said weather specialist Mark Melsness. "There's still a bright band of white left on the ground."The province's Water Security Agency is monitoring the situation. For now, the agency said it is not concerned about flooding caused by the sudden snow dump.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A glitzy ­townhouse once home to Mary Poppins star Julie Andrews is for sale at £24million.
The singer and actress, who played Maria von Trapp in The Sound of Music, lived in the 7,000 sq/ft West End pad with director husband Blake Edwards in the 1970s.
The six-bed property has been fully refurbished and boasts a lift, cinema, health spa, gym and jacuzzi.
Chester Square, which is named after the Duke of Westminster's ancestral home, is one of the finest addresses in Belgravia, central London.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
Over the years the square has been home to Roman Abramovich, Margaret Thatcher, Nigella Lawson, Mick Jagger and various foreign Royals.
Until recently, Julie Andrews' old property was home to a wealthy Argentinian family but it has just been fully refurbished and modernised by Saigol DDC.
The property has now been put on the market with Rokstone for £24 million.
It boasts six bedrooms, large entertaining rooms, lift, cinema and a health spa with gym, jacuzzi, steam room and sauna.
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
There is also a separate mews house - ideal for a nanny - with a media room, living room/study, rooftop terrace and garage.
Becky Fatemi, managing director of Rokstone, said: “Chester Square is a beautiful and leafy residential garden square set in the heart of Belgravia.
“The elegant stuccoed houses are amongst the most exclusive and sought after addresses in Prime Central London.
“Developer Saigol DDC has created a magnificent new residence behind the retained period facade, a truly distinctive family home of the highest quality.
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: SWNS.com)
“It is perfect as a London base for a discerning buyer looking for a home with an abundance of bedrooms and space to entertain.”
The elegant property was built in 1835-36 by renowned developer Joseph Cundy to designs by architect Thomas Cubitt.
The main house has a Doric entrance portico, tall sash windows and first floor balconette, with a mews house with garaging to the rear.
During the 1970s, Blake Edwards directed and produced the legendary Pink Panther movies including The Return of the Pink Panther, The Pink Panther Strikes Again and Revenge of the Pink Panther.
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
The grand ground floor entrance hall leads to the staircase and seven person passenger lift.
There is a 12-14 seat formal dining room and family kitchen and breakfast room are located off the entrance hall.
The first floor features a double reception room, dual aspect with high ceilings.
To the front facade, two sets of French doors open onto a walk-on balconette overlooking the garden square, to the rear French doors open onto a large south facing garden terrace.
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
(Image: Rokstone / SWNS)
Across the terrace is the sliding glassed walled living/study of the rear mews property, surmounted by a rooftop terrace with bbq.
The master bedroom suite has its own private floor on the second level, with bedroom lined with fitted wardrobes, walk-in dressing room and master bathroom.
On the two upper floors are four further bedroom suites, all with ensuite facilities.
On the lower ground floor is the health spa, with gymnasium, jacuzzi, sauna and steam room.
There is also a sixth bedroom suite, opening onto a sunken patio, and a 138 sq/ft wine cellar with large humidor along with a utility room/staff kitchenette.
This news game is based on real reporting, including interviews with dozens of Uber drivers.
For the best experience, please view this game in the latest version of Chrome, Safari or Firefox on desktop, or on the latest version of iOS or Android on mobile devices. Other browsers or versions may not be fully supported.
Greater Manchester Mayor Andy Burnham has officially reopened a once run-down youth club which has been transformed into a first-class facility thanks to a former member who attended in the 1960s.
Mr Burnham reopened Newton le Willows Boys and Girls Club (NB&GC), in Haydock St, Newton-le-Willows.
The new centre is a state-of-the art facility with amenities such as a cinema room and recording studio. Salford charity Hamilton Davies Trust (HDT) have funded the £250,000 refurbishment.
It was refurbished after a founder HDT trustee and donor Graham Chisnall returned to his old boys' club 50 years after he left. The retired Talk Talk executive attended NB&GC as a Newton-le-Willows youngster.
Inspired by fond memories of the club, he persuaded colleagues at HDT to back the centre. He then project-managed the scheme and has since become a trustee of the club.
Mr Chisnall worked closely with club manager Victoria Musk and volunteers to make the project happen.
NB&GC is a registered charity, offering sports, music, culture and diverse activities, open to young people between the ages of 8-18.
There has been no significant investment in NB&GC since 1962, when it was opened by Frankie Vaughan.
The club is mainly run by volunteers and relies on donations and fundraising activities to keep going. Before now, there was never enough money to modernise the structure.
Young people helped design the refurbished NB&GC, which has top quality facilities including:
- A cinema room with a 65" HDTV smart screen for film nights, presentations and awareness projects.
- A fully equipped kitchen, where young people will be trained in cookery skills.
- A recording studio with modern recording, composing and mixing facilities, mics, stands, speakers, guitars, drum kit, keyboard and and DJing equipment
- A gaming room with the latest games consoles and HD TV screens featuring surround sound.
- A sports hall for a wide range of games and sports.
- An online community radio station, WA12 Radio, with presenters of all ages running their own shows including members as young as ten-years-old.
- A hair and beauty salon.
All activities will help club members develop a wide range of personal and
practical skills and provide the opportunity to explore and help identify
their talents and interests.
The club was very different when Mr Chisnall first attended back in 1964.
He went on to participate for five years and credits a reference from the then club leader as helping him get his first job.
Mr Chisnall, now aged 62, said: “I had very happy times at NB&GC. It was a big support to me in my youth and helped me develop the confidence to succeed in my later life.
“When I walked in again for the first time in years, it was a little down-at-heel, being run by a team of excellent volunteers with little financial backing. I decided I had to put it back on its feet. I wanted the younger generation to have the support I had and enjoy first-class facilities.
“I feel privileged and very happy to have been able to help the club that once helped me. It's a great feeling.”
Peter Dugan, Chairman of NG&GC, said: “The transformation has been amazing. This is a great club, with this new investment and the addition of WA12 Radio we can now offer first class facilities for the youth of the
district.”
Mr Burnham said: “Thank you to Graham, Victoria and all the volunteers for giving the youth club a well needed refurbishment. The wide range of activities now available is fantastic and I hope the young people who come here enjoy them for years to come.”
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Borussia Dortmund have announced a deadline for Barcelona to sign French star Ousmane Dembele as a replacement for Neymar.
The Blaugrana must pay upwards of €100m for the 20-year-old, who has been suspended until further notice after failing to report for training.
The club's CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke has spoken about a deadline before Dembele's possible transfer will be completely ruled out.
"The time on the horizon is enough for two more games," Watzke told Kicker.
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
Dortmund confirmed last week that they have rejected a bid from Barça for the French teenager and director of football Michael Zorc has offered an update concerning the player's future.
"Our focus now is on concentrating our team preparation for the Bundesliga opening match versus Wolfsburg this coming weekend," said Zorc.
"Ousmane Dembélé, of course, has the opportunity to do an individual training off the track."
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Reports in Germany suggested that Dembele planned to fly to Spain but the player is now back in Dortmund.
It comes after the Bundesliga side confirmed they had held talks with Barça over the player but the bid received was nowhere near their valuation.
A statement read: "Borussia Dortmund has held talks with the Catalan football club FC Barcelona regarding the possible transfer of the BVB player Ousmane Dembele to FC Barcelona.
"During this meeting, the representatives of FC Barcelona submitted a bid which did not match the player's extraordinary footballing ability or value to the club, nor the present economic market situation of the European transfer market. BVB therefore rejected this offer.
"As there is no other offer from FC Barcelona to date, there is currently no transfer of the player to FC Barcelona and this is not currently likely."
TORONTO – It sounds like a potentially perilous situation: an officer calling for assistance while on duty. Except in the case of two Toronto officers on Sunday, the problem wasn't gunfire or an uncooperative arrestee—it was pot the cops had allegedly consumed.
CBC News reports the officers, whose names haven't been released by the department, allegedly ate marijuana edibles near a police station and then reportedly started to hallucinate.
That's when CBC News reports that one made the call, though sources tell CP24 a more colorful story: that the call was placed after one officer ended up in a tree.
The two were reportedly found in a police vehicle and at least one of them was brought to the hospital. Making the situation worse: an officer who responded to the scene slipped on ice and suffered a head injury in the process.
The Toronto Star reports that some hours prior, a raid had been carried out on a nearby marijuana dispensary; it reports that it's unclear if the officers in question participated, but a source tells CBC News the edibles that were allegedly consumed were thought to have been taken during that raid.
The officers have reportedly been suspended and will be investigated by the professional standards unit. (These stoned drug traffickers called 911 on themselves.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Cops Allegedly Eat Pot on Duty, Start Hallucinating
More From Newser:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With only a month to go before Symphony of the Seas sets sail, the anticipation is building for the launch of Royal Caribbean 's newest ship.
However, passengers won't have to wait to get a taste of what the world's biggest cruise ship will offer, as Royal Caribbean just launched an exciting pop-up offering the ultimate immersive experience.
Taking place across Friday 2nd and Saturday 3rd February, it's the first ever interactive, theatrical cruise experience - all on dry land.
The family-friendly event uses sight, sound, feel, taste and scent to bring the cruise experience to life - and kids are going to absolutely love it.
There's plenty of adventure to be had in this interactive experience, not to mention you'll meet colourful characters on the way - and there's even a sweet treat or two!
Never been on a cruise holiday before? The event is tailored to everyone from seasoned passengers to cruise newbies, so it's the perfect opportunity to get a taste of what you can expect.
(Image: Royal Caribbean)
It's all part of Royal Caribbean's commitment to inspire the 'new to cruise' audience - and Symphony of the Seas is sure to be a hit with families looking for a new holiday experience.
after all, it has everything from a LEGO wall to the Ultimate Family Suite, an epic glow-in-the-dark laser tag arena and Puzzle Break where teams will race against the clock to escape the submarine-themed room.
(Image: Royal Caribbean)
Parents can have plenty of fun too with the West End shows, live entertainment, acrobats... and even robot bartenders!
The pop-up will be taking place at Victoria House in London's Holborn, and over 400 people are expected to pass through the two-day event.
Pre-booked tickets have already sold out, but there are walk-up tickets left for the Saturday sessions between 10am-4pm, so it's well worth a trip if you're visiting the capital.
(Image: Royal Caribbean)
What's more, all attendees will be encouraged to post a photo gallery of experiences on social media, tagging @MyRoyalUK and #MySymphony, to be entered into a competition to win a family holiday onboard Symphony of the Seas!
(Image: Royal Caribbean)
Ben Bouldin Associate Vice President and Managing Director UK & Ireland for Royal Caribbean International, said: "The word ‘Symphony' itself means an elaborate composition of many different elements coming together in perfect synergy.
(Image: Royal Caribbean)
"With this in mind, we wanted to create a preview of Symphony of the Seas - our most extraordinary ship to date - that will bring to life the totality of the onboard experience to life in one amazing pop-up, completely interactive experience.
"As with all our new ships, Symphony will push the boundaries of what is possible when holidaying and this event promises to do exactly that… except in the middle of London!"
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
January has never been the greatest month, what with the post-festive blues and over-indulgence hangover in full swing.
But as the month draws to a close it's good news for sports fans - as it means we're ever nearer to another healthy dose of Six Nations Championship action!
The annual International Rugby Union tournament returns to our screens and stadiums in February as holders England look to retain their title for the second successive year.
All the big stars will be involved for the 18th series of the competition, with England's Maro Itoje and Chris Robshaw , Scotland's Stuart Hogg , Wales' Leigh Halfpenny and Ireland's Conor Murray all set to feature.
Here's all we know about the event so far...
(Image: Getty Images)
When does the Six Nations start?
The opening weekend of fixtures takes place on Saturday 3rd and Sunday 4th February.
Wales and Scotland will kick off the proceedings at Cardiff's Principality Stadium in the first match at 14:15pm on the Saturday.
England fans will have to wait until the Sunday to watch their team face off against Italy in Rome's Stadio Olimpico, with kick-off scheduled for 4pm local time.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
What is the full fixtures schedule for this year's games?
All fixtures are shown in GMT
Saturday 3rd February
Wales v Scotland - 14:15pm
France v Ireland - 16:45pm
Sunday 4th February
Italy v England - 15:00pm
Saturday 10th February
Ireland v Italy - 14:15pm
England v Wales - 16:45pm
Sunday 11th February
Scotland v France - 15:00pm
Saturday 23rd February
France v Italy - 20:00pm
Sunday 24th February
Ireland v Wales - 14:15pm
Scotland v England - 16:45pm
Saturday 10th March
Ireland v Scotland - 14:15pm
France v England - 16:45pm
Sunday 11th March
Wales v Italy - 15:00pm
Saturday 17th March
Italy v Scotland - 12:30pm
England v Ireland - 14:45pm
Wales v France - 17:00pm
(Image: REUTERS)
Which TV channel will be showing the matches?
All the matches will be shown live in the UK on either BBC or ITV.
England's first two and final fixtures are on ITV, with the third and fourth matches over on BBC.
Where are the matches taking place?
Each nation has its own home stadium which will be used for at least two of their group matches.
The only exception to this is France, who will be playing their home ties at the Stade de France in Paris, or the Orange Velodrome in Marseille.
All teams will play each other once throughout the group, meaning an odd number of matches to be played.
England, Scotland and Italy have drawn the short straw this year as they will play the majority of their fixtures on foreign soil.
(Image: Getty Images)
What happened last year?
England reigned supreme last year as they defended their title, yet it still managed to end in disappointment.
Eddie Jones' team charged ahead in the group scoring three wins out of three, leaving only Ireland in any position to catch them.
But they wrapped up another championship the following week as they downed Scotland as challengers Ireland lost to Wales.
Victory left England on the brink of a successive Grand Slam and a world record 19th straight test win going into the final weekend.
However Ireland put a dampener on their party as they defeated England 13-9 in the final group match to finish as runners-up, and will be looking to go one better this year.
(Image: Getty Images)
France finished level on points with Ireland last year in third, and will be looking for their first championship since 2010.
And last year's basement boys Italy will be hoping they can do more than just make up the numbers this time round.
Who are the favourites?
Well no surprise that England are firm favourites to complete a hat-trick of crowns as they lead the pack at odds of 10/11.
Bookmakers William Hill fancy Ireland to be the biggest threat again to England's chances, putting them at a tempting 13/8.
Sadly for Italy their chances of a first championship look slim, as they find themselves out at 500/1 to be in pole position come the finish.
Odds are checked before being listed on 26th January. See the full list here or go to our comprehensive guide to odds for the Six Nations 2018.
(Image: Getty Images)
Key matches
France versus Ireland on the opening weekend is certainly one to make the mouth water.
But it's England's first match at Twickenham on the second weekend which promises to be the first big clash of the tournament, as they take on home nations rivals Wales.
A late try from Elliot Daly last year gave England a thrilling win away from home, and this years contest should be right up there for entertainment value.
In week three England travel to Edinburgh for the 124th Calcutta Cup match with Scotland, and on the same day Ireland play host to Wales.
And a twist of fate has thrown England and Ireland together in the final match again following last years historical meet - will it be under the same circumstances?
(Image: PA)
Where can I buy tickets?
Tickets have been in hot demand since they went on sale, but there are still plenty available via Ticketmaster , Stubhub and Seatwave .
SQUADS
WALES
Backs: L Williams (Saracens), G North (Northampton), L Halfpenny (Scarlets), S Evans (Scarlets), A Cuthbert (Cardiff Blues), H Amos (Dragons), J Adams (Worcester), S Williams (Scarlets), O Williams (Gloucester), O Watkin (Ospreys), H Parkes (Scarlets), R Priestland (Bath), R Patchell (Scarlets), D Biggar (Ospreys), G Anscombe (Cardiff Blues), R Webb (Ospreys), G Davies (Scarlets), A Davies (Scarlets).
Forwards: R Evans (Scarlets), W Jones (Scarlets), N Smith (Ospreys), T Francis (Exeter), S Lee (Scarlets), D Lewis (Cardiff Blues), K Owens (Scarlets), E Dee (Dragons), S Baldwin (Ospreys), A Beard (Ospreys), B Davies (Ospreys), S Davies (Cardiff Blues), C Hill (Dragons), A W Jones (Ospreys, capt), J Davies (Scarlets), T Faletau (Bath), E Jenkins (Cardiff Blues), R Moriarty (Gloucester), J Navidi (Cardiff Blues), A Shingler (Scarlets), J Tipuric (Ospreys).
SCOTLAND
Backs: Mark Bennett (Edinburgh), Alex Dunbar (Glasgow), Nick Grigg (Glasgow), Chris Harris (Newcastle), Stuart Hogg (Glasgow), Pete Horne (Glasgow), Ruaridh Jackson (Glasgow), Huw Jones (Glasgow), Lee Jones (Glasgow), Blair Kinghorn (Edinburgh), Greig Laidlaw (ASM Clermont Auvergne), Sean Maitland (Saracens), Byron McGuigan (Sale Sharks), Ali Price (Glasgow), Henry Pyrgos (Glasgow), Finn Russell (Glasgow), Tommy Seymour (Glasgow), Duncan Taylor (Saracens), Nathan Fowles (Edinburgh). Neil Cochrane (Edinburgh) called up.
Forwards: John Barclay (captain, Scarlets), Simon Berghan (Edinburgh), Jamie Bhatti (Glasgow), Magnus Bradbury (Edinburgh), David Denton (Worcester), Cornell Du Preez (Edinburgh), Grant Gilchrist (Edinburgh), Jonny Gray (Glasgow), Richie Gray (Toulouse), Luke Hamilton (Leicester), Rob Harley (Glasgow), Scott Lawson (Newcastle), Murray McCallum (Edinburgh), Stuart McInally (Edinburgh), Gordon Reid (London Irish), D'arcy Rae (Glasgow), Ben Toolis (Edinburgh), George Turner (Glasgow), Hamish Watson (Edinburgh), Jon Welsh (Newcastle), Ryan Wilson (Glasgow).
ENGLAND
Forwards: Tom Dunn (Bath), Jamie George (Saracens), Dylan Hartley (Northampton), Lewis Boyce (Harlequins), Dan Cole (Leicester), Alec Hepburn (Exeter), Kyle Sinckler (Harlequins), Mako Vunipola (Saracens), Harry Williams (Exeter), Nick Isiekwe (Saracens), Maro Itoje (Saracens), George Kruis (Saracens), Joe Launchbury (Wasps), Courtney Lawes (Northampton), Gary Graham (Newcastle), Zach Mercer (Bath), Chris Robshaw (Harlequins), Sam Underhill (Bath), Sam Simmonds (Exeter)
Backs: Danny Care (Harlequins), Ben Youngs (Leicester), George Ford (Leicester), Alex Lozowski (Saracens), Marcus Smith (Harlequins), Owen Farrell (Saracens), Jonathan Joseph (Bath), Henry Slade (Exeter), Ben Te'o (Worcester), Nathan Earle (Saracens), Jack Nowell (Exeter), Jonny May (Leicester), Denny Solomona (Sale), Anthony Watson (Bath), Mike Brown (Harlequins), Harry Mallinder (Northampton)
IRELAND
Forwards: Rory Best (captain, Ulster), Sean Cronin (Leinster), Rob Herring (Ulster), Tadhg Furlong (Leinster), Cian Healy (Leinster), David Kilcoyne (Munster), Jack McGrath (Leinster), Andrew Porter (Leinster), John Ryan (Munster), Ultan Dillane (Connacht), Iain Henderson (Ulster), Quinn Roux (Connacht), James Ryan (Leinster), Devin Toner (Leinster), Dan Leavy (Leinster), Jordi Murphy (Leinster), Peter O'Mahony Munster, Josh van der Flier (Leinster), Jack Conan (Leinster), CJ Stander (Munster)
Backs: Kieran Marmion (Connacht), Luke McGrath (Leinster), Conor Murray (Munster), Ian Keatley (Munster), Jonathan Sexton (Leinster), Bundee Aki (Connacht), Chris Farrell (Munster), Robbie Henshaw (Leinster), Rory Scannell (Munster), Andrew Conway (Munster), Keith Earls (Munster), Fergus McFadden (Leinster), Jacob Stockdale (Ulster), Joey Carbery (Leinster), Jordan Larmour (Leinster)
FRANCE
Forwards: Camille Chat (Racing 92), Guilhem Guirado (Toulon), Christopher Tolofua (Saracens), Eddy Ben Arous (Racing 92), Cedate Gomes Sa (Racing 92), Jefferson Poirot (Bordeaux), Dany Priso (La Rochelle), Rabah Slimani (Clermont Auvergne), Paul Gabrillagues (Stade Francais), Arthur Iturria (Clermont), Felix Lambey (Lyon), Sébastien Vahaamahina (Clermont), Yacouba Camara (Montpellier), Kevin Gourdon (La Rochelle), Anthony Jelonch (Castres), Wenceslas Lauret (Racing 92), Sekou Macalou (Stade Français), Marco Tauleigne (Bordeaux Bègles)
Backs: Antoine Dupont (Toulouse), Maxime Machenaud (Racing 92), Morgan Parra (Clermont), Anthony Belleau (Toulon), Matthieu Jalibert (Bordeaux), Henry Chavancy (Racing 92), Jonathan Danty (Stade Français), Geoffrey Doumayrou (La Rochelle), Rémi Lamerat (Clermont), Benjamin Fall (Montpellier), Teddy Thomas (Racing 92), Virimi Vakatawa (Racing 92), Brice Dulin (Racing 92), Geoffrey Palis (Castres).
Hugo Bonneval (Toulon) and Baptiste Serin (Bordeaux) called up as injury cover.
ITALY
Forwards: Luca Bigi (Benetton), Leonardo Ghiraldini (Toulous), Oliviero Fabiani (Zebre), Simone Ferrari (Benetton), Andrea Lovotti (Zebre), Tiziano Pasquali (Treviso), Nicola Quaglio (Benetton), Marco Riccioni, George Biagi (Zebre), Dean Budd (Benetton), Federico Ruzza (Benetton), Alessandro Zanni (Benetton), Renato Giammarioli (Zebre), Giovanni Licata (Zebre, on loan from Fiamme Oro), Maxime Mbanda (Zebre), Sebastian Negri (Benetton), Sergio Parisse (captain, Stade Francais), Abraham Steyn (Benetton).
Backs: Mattia Bellini (Petrarca), Jayden Hayward (Benetton), Matteo Minozzi (Zebre), Edoardo Padovani (Zebre), Tomasso Benvenuti (Benetton), Tomasso Boni (Zebre), Giulio Bisegni (Zebre), Tomasso Castello (Zebre), Tomasso Allan (Benetton), Carlo Canna (Zebre), Ian McKinley (Benetton), Edoardo Gori (Benetton), Marcello Violi (Zebre).
The Center for Law and Social Justice at Medgar Evers College is a winner of the Brooklyn Community Foundation's Annual Spark Prize, which recognizes exceptional nonprofits rooted in Brooklyn that advances racial and social justice. The center will receive $100,000 in general operating support from the foundation.
CLSJ is one of five organizations receiving the prestigious Spark Prize, along with the Cave Canem Foundation, Exalt Youth, GRIOT Circle and the Red Hook Initiative. The organizations, each receiving $100,000, were selected from a pool of over 130 applicants by a 30-member committee of Brooklyn leaders in business, civics and philanthropy. All will be honored February 8 at a celebration breakfast hosted by actress and comedian Ana Gasteyer that includes a tribute to Hildy J. Simmons, a philanthropic leader and longtime Brooklyn Community Foundation board member.
“We are absolutely thrilled to be selected as a winner of the Spark Prize Award,” said Esmeralda Simmons, Esq., founder and executive director of CLSJ. “It is our mission to advocate for and assist African descendant and disenfranchised communities on racial justice issues such as voter rights, educational inequity, police violence, as well as tackling issues that impact women of color, and this award will help us further that mission.”
The Brooklyn Community Foundation is dedicated to Brooklyn's charitable community and partners with donors and community leaders to bolster nonprofits, strengthen neighborhoods and increase opportunities for youth. Simmons expressed gratitude to Foundation President and CEO Cecilia Clarke for aiding social justice initiatives in Brooklyn. She also thanked the Brooklyn community for their continued support.
Medgar Evers College's renowned Center for Law and Social Justice provides advocacy, training and expert services in a personal manner. CLSJ conducts research and initiates advocacy projects and litigation on behalf of community organizations and groups that promote human, national and international understanding.
The Spark Prize, sponsored by TD Bank with support from National Grid, is presented by the Brooklyn Community Foundation in partnership with the Office of the Brooklyn Borough President and the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce.
Legislative leaders will meet in a public forum February 21 to talk about ongoing negotiations at the Capitol around transportation funding. The meeting will take place at a gathering of business leaders and other interested parties who are pleading with lawmakers this year to arrive at a bipartisan deal that will address the state's crumbling and outdated transportation infrastructure.
The Denver panel meeting is being hosted by the Colorado Business Roundtable and Fix Colorado's Roads, the unsubtly named coalition of mostly business interests pushing lawmakers hard to reach an agreement. The roster of panel participants includes Speaker of the House Crisanta Duran, a Denver Democrat, Senate President Kevin Grantham, a Cañon City Republican, Colorado Department of Transportation Executive Director Shailen Bhatt, Vail Mayor Dave Chapin and regional chambers of commerce leaders.
That the legislative leaders have agreed to the meeting is a show of good faith and it goes some way toward tamping down a narrative promoted last week by news outlets that the conversation over transportation funding had moved into a rocky shoal and was in danger of running aground.
The narrative was the product of a press conference held by Speaker Duran, in which she tied the session's top-priority negotiations over transportation funding to the perennial problem of short and declining education funding.
There was a sense in the immediate aftermath of the press conference that the bridge to a deal was crumbling. But then, in the aftermath of the immediate aftermath, there was the sense that in fact nothing had changed — or, rather, that the only thing that had changed was that reporters had been brought more fully into the loop on positions struck throughout the already-months-long negotiations.
Sandra Hagen Solin with Fix Colorado Roads played down last week's flap.
“A lot is happening behind closed doors. A lot is happening in public. This will be a long road, and the back and forth of the public discourse is going to get uncomfortable at times,” she said. “But that's a necessary part of the process, and I highly encourage it. It means everyone's talking — and that's a good thing.”
The panel discussion will be held at the ICOSA Event Center.
— john@coloradostatesman.com
The British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) has called for all organisations to improve their cyebrsecurity provisions after revealing that one in five businesses in the UK has been the victim of an attack within the last year.
A BCC survey found that big businesses are far more likely to be hit, with 42 percent of firms with more than 100 staff falling foul of cyber criminals compared to 18 percent for those with less than 99 employees.
Businesses are predominantly relying on IT providers (63 percent) to resolve issues after an attack, compared to banks and financial institutions (12 percent) or police and law enforcement (2 percent).
Security threat
Worryingly, 21 percent of businesses in the UK believe the threat of cybercrime is preventing their company from growing.
But despite the threat, just 24 percent of businesses have cybersecurity accreditations in place. Of those that do, half (49 percent) believe it gives them a competitive advantage over rivals and a third consider it important in creating a more secure environment when trading with other organisations.
Dr Adam Marshall, Director General of the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC), said: “Firms need to be proactive about protecting themselves from cyberattacks. Accreditations can help businesses assess their own IT infrastructure, defend against cybersecurity breaches and mitigate the damage caused by an attack. It can also increase confidence among the businesses and clients who they engage with online.
“Companies are also reporting a reliance on IT support providers to resolve cyberattacks. More guidance from government and police about where and how to report attacks would provide businesses with a clear path to follow in the event of a cybersecurity breach, and increase clarity around the response options available to victims, which would help minimise the occurrence of cybercrime.”
Cyberattacks have so far come thick and fast in 2017, following on from ‘the year of the breach' in 2016 when the likes of dating site AdultFriendFinder, parenting retailer Kiddicare and social network MySpace all suffered high-profile security incidents.
And, as criminals continue to make use of different types of technology and become more sophisticated, the costly trend will only continue unless businesses of all sizes start putting security front and centre.
Do you know all about security in 2017? Try our quiz!
Dorothy Davison
Dorothy Helen Schnicker Davison, 85 of Wayland, died Saturday, December 9, 2017 at the Parkview Home in Wayland.
Funeral Services have been set for 10:00AM Wednesday, December 13, 2017 at Wayland Mennonite Church. Burial will be in the Elm Grove Cemetery. Visitation will be Noon-7:00PM Tuesday at the Wayland Mennonite Church with family present from 4-7:00PM. A memorial in the name of Dorothy Davison has been established to the Wayland Mennonite Church or the Parkview Home. Beatty-Peterseim Funeral Home is assisting with arrangements.
Dorothy was born January 1, 1932 in Burlington, Iowa the daughter of Melvin John and Virginia Kathryn (Lange) Schnicker. She graduated from Brighton High School and was united in marriage to Donald E. Davison on February 15, 1953 at the Wayland Mennonite Church.
She was employed with the Washington County Engineer Department for 47 years and was a faithful member of the Wayland Mennonite Church. She also was a leader of the Eager Beavers and member of the Busy Bee's 4H Club. Dorothy went on several church missions and especially enjoyed the mission trip to South America. She enjoyed making dolls and collecting them.
Survivors include her husband Donald of Wayland, siblings, Melva Mineart of Washington, Milton Schnicker and wife Ilene of Washington and Nancy Davison and husband Bob of Donellson, IA.
She was preceded in death by her parents; brothers, John and Gary and brother in law Curt Mineart.
PFÄFFIKON, Switzerland — September 29, 2017 — Represented in the Indian textile market since 1947 and established with a company-owned liaison office in India since 1996, Stäubli has been an important supplier to numerous local weaving mills for decades. Stäubli machines incorporate state-of-the-art technology and stand out by virtue of their impressive service life, simple maintenance, and easy integration. Offering these and many more advantages to weaving mills and supporting them as a reliable partner, Stäubli helps mills to improve their workflows, achieve more economical production, increase their output, and expand their technical capabilities.
Shedding systems for frame weaving – a range that covers every need
At this year's ITMACH visitors can experience the latest electronic rotary dobby S3260 featuring the unique Stäubli locking system that assures the reliable selection of heald frames even at the highest production speeds. This dobby will be shown in combination with the latest harness motion e32/33, featuring a new construction concept that completely eliminates the need for maintenance of the major parts of the harness motion. This setup churns out high-quality weaves and allows the mill to step up the pace.
As a leading supplier of shedding solutions for frame weaving, Stäubli provides not only rotary dobbies but a wide range of cam motions for a broad variety of weaves, from basic to heavy. The recently launched S1691 and S1692 models for basic weaves are equipped with a new mechanical levelling system, directly lubricated in an oil bath, and feature a lubrication network integrated into the housing. This impressive housing also features optimised sealing and high mechanical resistance. These cam motions can also be run in combination with the high-quality e32/33 harness motion.
Jacquard expertise supports weavers' creativity
Stäubli offers a comprehensive range of versatile Jacquard solutions. These high-performance machines are suitable for weaving delicate damasks, tapestries, Gobelins, brocades, wall fabrics, terry and silk fabrics, narrow textiles, name-list weaving on selvedges, and technical textiles with Jacquard constructions. The latest SX and LX/LXL Jacquard machines are in use in numerous weaving mills around the world, appreciated for their versatility as well as their robust and compact design. With optimised air flow and many other high-performance engineering features, these machines ensure reliable and precise shedding – the basis for high-quality fabrics economically woven at the highest production speeds.
As the perfect complement to its Jacquard machines, Stäubli offers the MX module. Made of composite material, this is the heart of the Jacquard machine, ensuring precise positioning. Stäubli harnesses, which can be tailored to each customer's needs, complete the setup for mills that seek excellence and creativity in Jacquard weaving.
Automated weaving preparation – the key to enhanced performance
The perfectly prepared warp is a prerequisite for any weaving process and a key to high-quality weaves. Stäubli offers automated weaving preparation solutions that support mills in this crucial production step with precision, reliability, and speed. The renowned SAFIR automatic drawing-in installations offer invaluable ‘Active Warp Control' features such as optical recognition of colours and yarn twists. ITMACH visitors will receive detailed information about these and other Stäubli workhorses designed to easily integrate into any weaving mill. Visitors to the booth are also invited to a hands-on demonstration of the TOPMATIC warp-tying installation – to see in person how quickly and easily reliable knots can be automatically tied with a variety of yarn types.
Posted October 6, 2017
Source: Stäubli
The Philly man who survived sexual abuse by a priest, and the pope who asked for his forgiveness
The Philly man who survived sexual abuse by a priest, and the pope who asked for his forgiveness May 25
Kristin E, Holmes is a general assignment reporter in the suburbs. She has worked at the Inquirer since 1982. She has covered police, courts, religion, municipal government, and obituaries. She wrote the newspaper's first blog, Spilled Inq.
The campus of United Lutheran Seminary in Philadelphia, formerly the Lutheran Theological Seminary in Mount Airy.
United Lutheran Seminary, a theological school with campuses in Philadelphia and Gettysburg, has received a $30 million bequest from an anonymous donor, described by school officials only as a woman who lived in the Midwest and died earlier this year.
The donation — one of the largest in the history of an educational institution affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America — will be used to fund a faculty chair and student scholarships starting in the fall of next year.
It was announced May 18 on the school's website before graduation — the first since Lutheran Theological Seminary in Mount Airy and its counterpart in Gettysburg merged last year after decades of failed attempts.
“This [donation] will have a transformative impact on educational opportunities for future leaders of the church for decades to come,” said the Rev. Angela Zimmann, vice president of institutional advancement for the 325-student United Lutheran Seminary. “We've been working to reduce their educational debt and make seminary education accessible to those who feel the call to serve, and this donation will have that impact.”
The bequest was made in memory of the Rev. James Franklin Kelly, a Lutheran minister who graduated from Gettysburg Seminary in 1920, and his wife, Hope Anna Eyster Kelly. Rev. Kelly died in 1983 at age 89, and his wife died in 1973.
Rev. Kelly served as pastor of Holy Trinity Lutheran Church in Wilmington from 1926 to 1953. He also led the congregations of Christ Lutheran Church in Erie and St. Paul's Lutheran Church in Connersville, Ind., where he moved after he resigned from the Wilmington church.
According to obituaries in several newspapers, Rev. and Mrs. Kelly had one daughter, Gladys Kelly Ellis, who died at age 95 in February. Ellis, a retired nurse, was married to George M. Ellis Jr., a prominent physician in Connersville, who died in 2010. The couple had no children.
Zimmann said that she had met with the anonymous donor in December but had no idea that the bequest was $30 million until the benefactor passed away shortly after their visit.
“The executrix called and said, ‘Do you know how much?' ” Zimmann said. “We were floored.”
School officials also have announced that Richard Green, who served as interim president of Lincoln University for two years ending in 2017, will become interim president of the seminary on June 4. He takes the helm following the departure of Theresa Latini, who was fired from her position as president in March after less than a year on the job.
Latini was dismissed after reports that she had once led an organization that supported reparative therapy practices claiming to turn gay men and women straight. Latini had long ago repudiated the organization and such practices but was fired after the administration determined that the controversy had so unsettled the school that she could no longer lead it. Several board members resigned after criticism that some school officials had known about Latini's past affiliation but acknowledged it only after rumors began circulating on campus.
Green, a lifelong Lutheran, is a graduate of Concordia College, an ELCA school in Moorhead, Minn. He earned his doctorate from the University of Louisville. He has served as interim provost at both St. Cloud State University in Minnesota and Albany State University in Georgia.
He joins the seminary at a time when school officials are working to merge two schools, faculties, staffs, student populations, and campus cultures. The seminary is also coping with changes in theological education and religious practice and commitment that are remaking faith life.
Zimmann expects that the $30 million donation will help the school to confront those changes.
U.S. Army Paratroopers assigned to the 173rd Airborne Brigade, 54th Brigade Engineer Battalion and Italian Army soldiers from the 8 Reggimento Genio Guastatori Brigata Paracadutisti Folgore assemble a Medium Girder Bridge near Rovigo, Italy, Feb. 13, 2017. The MGB is a deck type, two girder bridge system, providing a 4 meter (13ft 2in) wide roadway that can be expeditiously assembled with minimal support. The 173rd Airborne Brigade, based in Vicenza, Italy, is the U.S. Army Contingency Response Force in Europe, capable of projecting forces to conduct the full range of military operations across the United States European, Central and Africa Commands areas of responsibility.
photo by graigg faggionato
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 05:08 Photo ID: 3166687 VIRIN: 170213-A-KP807-108 Resolution: 2500x1668 Size: 494.38 KB Location: TRECENTA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Medium Girder Bridge, 173rd Airborne Brigade,54th Brigade Engineer Battalion,Rovigo 2017 [Image 1 of 11], by Graigg Faggionato, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Debris washed ashore near an airport where a small plane carrying six people took off shortly before it vanished over Lake Erie near Cleveland, the city said Sunday.
Authorities received multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where a plane carrying a family of four and their two neighbors departed late Thursday. Police also continued to investigate the contents of a bag found earlier Sunday near a private harbor in Bratenahl, a small lakeside community near Cleveland.
The debris had not yet been verified as coming from the missing plane, authorities said.
“We want to remind everyone that this is an active investigation,” Police Chief Calvin Williams said. “If you see something that could be debris from the plane, we are asking people to avoid touching it, and to call the Division of Police immediately.”
John T. Fleming, chief executive of a Columbus-based beverage distribution company, was piloting the plane. His wife, Sue, their two teenage sons, Jack and Andrew, and two neighbors were also aboard.
The aircraft was headed to Ohio State University Airport, northwest of downtown Columbus. The plane suddenly lost altitude about 2 miles out during a scheduled return trip to Columbus, according to a flight-tracking service.
Fleming's father has said the family and friends were attending a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The Coast Guard began searching the air after being notified soon after the plane's disappearance. High waves and blustery conditions prevented smaller Coast Guard boats from the Cleveland area from deploying Thursday night. A 140-foot Coast Guard cutter joined a search that covered 128 square miles of the lake on Friday.
Weather and water conditions didn't allow for recovery efforts to begin Saturday, but crews searched for the plane until darkness Sunday and planned to return Monday morning, weather permitting.
The Cleveland Division of Fire, the U.S. Coast Guard and Underwater Marine Contractors launched boats, and dive teams are ready to search the lake once the plane is located.
The mayor's office says four boats are equipped with sonar that can track underwater images and are searching a grid near the plane's last known location. A fifth boat is surveying the shoreline for debris that may have washed ashore.
The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board continue to investigate.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's bad enough that they're rich, famous and adored globally, but footballers and superstar spors people as a whole are a bunch of hopeless romantics as well.
From Neymar's sweet post with his other half Bruna Marquenzine on a hammock to Jack Wilshere MASSIVE bunch of roses for his other half Ariani Michael.
It was hard to tell but it seemed the inseparable Bastian Schweinteiger and his now retired tennis ace wife Ana Ivanovic were wishing everyone else a "happy Valentine's day" in their well-dressed gesture.
Liverpool stars Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino appeared to be making the most of time off with their other halves before a warm weather camp in La Manga this week.
Among the dinner and what looked like quiet nights on the sofa, Gerard Deulofeu is about to have a second love of his life and shared a shot with his partner and her growing baby bump.
Antoine Griezmann posed in a fetching pair of pink heart-shaped glasses - that's romantic.
Other stars' Valentine's were their fans, including Eugenie Bouchard and Didier Drogba's whose posts were directed at their legions of followers. "Wish you all a happy lovers day," Drogba said beautifully.
Along with PSG goal scorers Angel Di Maria and Edinson Cavani, Tottenham's Christian Eriksen also celebrated his birthday on Valentine's Day with his partner, and appeared happy that "cake was allowed today".
Lahore High Court asks Pakistani gov't to ensure protection of Turkish citizens
The Lahore High Court (LHC) on Friday ordered the authorities to ensure protection of Turk citizens living in Pakistan, reported by The News on Friday. The orders have reportedly come as Justice Shams Mehmood Mirza heard applications moved by Turkish teachers and citizens.
According to Geo News, the Interior Ministry submitted its response to LHC regarding disappearance of Turkish family that went missing 10 days ago and sought time for submitting a detailed report. The court ordered the authorities not to harass and forcibly deport Turkish citizens, and adjourned the hearing for two weeks.
The director of Rumi Forum and former principal of Pak-Turk School, Mesut Kaçmaz, was ‘kidnapped' along with his wife and two daughters by unidentified people from his residence in Wapda Town Sattukatla police limits in wee hours of Wednesday.
The witch hunt launched in 2013 in Turkey targeting the alleged followers of the Gülen movement in the wake of a massive corruption and bribery scandal of Turkish government ministers and their family members on December 17-25, 2013 has even affected Pakistan. Turkish autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan put the pressure on the Pakistani government to close the educational and cultural institutions alleged to be affiliated with the movement and to deport the Turkish citizens working in these institutions.
In November 2016, the Pakistani government did not extend the visas of these teachers and their families and ordered them to leave the country within three days. Teachers moved courts and objected the decision. During this period, they also applied to the UNHCR and were issued asylum seeker certificates placing them under the UN protection.
According to his friends who told to the Stockholm Center for Freedom (SCF), the family woke up at midnight with a loud noise in the night connecting September 26 and 27. 15 people were at the door of their house and were trying to break in. Mesut Kaçmaz's daughters Hüda Nur (17) and Fatma Hüma (14) fell into a crying fit, saying “Are they here to take my father?”
Mesut Kaçmaz asked the group of their identity and organization, explaining to them that they had no right to enter his premises without any warrant. It was obvious that the group had come for all family members, because there were five women ‘officers' to attend to the ladies of the family. Mrs. Meral Kaçmaz fainted and the group simply moved on to blindfold and hood her and her daughters Huda Nur and Fatma Huma. According to the witness statement, Mrs. Kaçmaz was dragged into the vehicle in an unconscious state.
Turkish teacher Fatih Avcu, who had witnessed the entire incident and been arrested shortly, announced the abduction incident to the whole world with a video recording on the same day. Later, an unofficial statement was circulated that the Kaçmaz family was relocated to another city and held in a secret place. However, there is no concrete information about their whereabouts for the last six days. It is rather surprising that Pakistani state officials are choosing silence in this regard.
In a similar incident in Malaysia, some Turkish educators and entrepreneurs were intimidated, abducted and illegally handed over to Turkey at the request of the Erdoğan's autocratic regime.
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15, 2016 that killed 249 people. Immediately after the putsch the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) government along with President Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Hizmet movement.
Fethullah Gülen, who inspired the movement, strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it, but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “a gift from God” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions, dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody.
Turkey's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup. Turkish government has also suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants after the coup attempt.
Related
Related Coverage Queen Elizabeth II misses Christmas service due to illness
LONDON (AP) — Queen Elizabeth II missed a traditional New Year's Day church service Sunday because of the effects of a lingering cold.
Buckingham Palace said the queen “does not yet feel ready to attend church as she is still recuperating from a heavy cold.” There was no indication she is suffering from a more serious illness.
It was unusual for Elizabeth not to attend the service, long part of her New Year's Day routine. The inclement weather may have been a contributing factor in her decision to stay indoors. It was cold with a steady rain in the Norfolk area 110 miles (175 kilometers) north of London where the queen maintains a private estate called Sandringham.
Elizabeth also missed the Christmas church service last week for the first time in decades. She is recuperating out of the public eye in one of her favorite homes.
The 90-year-old queen, the longest reigning monarch in British history, had earlier delayed her departure for Sandringham for the Christmas holidays because both she and her husband, Prince Philip, were suffering from intense colds.
She traveled one day later than planned and used a helicopter rather than a train to shorten the travel time.
Her prolonged illness has raised some concerns because colds and flus can be dangerous for elderly people. The queen has generally been in good health in recent years, although she has cut down somewhat on her traveling and public appearances.
Philip, 95, has also reduced his schedule, but managed to attend more than 100 public events in 2016.
He and other members of the royal family attended the New Year service Sunday at the church on the grounds of Sandringham estate.
Philip was driven to the church in a royal Range Rover. He used to arrive by foot when he was younger.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
American Idol winner Jordin Sparks is mourning the loss of FOUR people very close to her in a week.
The newly married singer, who is expecting her first child with husband Dana Isaiah, revealed she lost her 16-year-old step sister Bryanna due to sickle cell anemia and also lost her cousin Q in the same week.
Jordin, 28, is also mourning the loss of her good friends, American Idol alum Leah Labelle, 31, and her husband Rasual Butler, 38, who were killed in a car accident in Los Angeles earlier this week.
The US star posted a picture of all four of them on her Instagram page next to an emotional tribute.
She wrote: "Four Angels in a week. My heart is just so heavy & broken. I'm in shock, numb and feel everything all at the same time. Leah & Rasual (one of my closest friends and her amazing other half who also was a great friend), Bryanna (my step sister) and Q (my little cousin), you were such bright lights in this crazy world. "
Jordin went on: "You made everyone better just by knowing them. And your smiles made anyone's day better. The world is less sparkly without you in it. Rest In Peace and Power. I love you forever. Find Miles and hug him for me. Tomorrow is not promised to any of us."
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
The pregnant former American Idol star urged her fans to tell their loved ones how much they're appreciated whenever they get the chance.
"Don't ever skip a chance to tell someone you appreciate them or how much you love them.
"Please, please continue to cover their families and our family with thoughts and prayers. #unicornsdontdie #sicklecellsux."
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: WENN.com)
Leah LaBelle was an R&B singer who was signed to Epic Records and finished in 12th on the third season of American Idol in 2004 - three years before Jordin competed.
Her husband Rasual reportedly lost control of his Range Rover at approximately 2:30 a.m. on Wednesday in Studio City in California, hit a parking meter and flipped the car.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The ultimate date night, Valentine's Day, is fast approaching, and to keep the love alive we'd suggest doing something a bit different than the cliché dinner and a movie.
Whether you're looking for a totally off the wall activity like Indoor Skydiving for two to put a smile on your date's face, or an action-packed weekend getaway, there's something to suit every taste and budget - you just need to know where to look.
But if you're stuck for inspiration, we've put together a handy list of the best alternative events across the UK for Valentine's Day 2018.
Multiple locations
These deals are available across the UK, so no matter where you live, you'll be sure to find a romantic evening for two.
(Image: Yo! Sushi!)
Tuck into a sushi making course run by Yo Sushi. The sushi course for two will teach you how to make and serve sushi, and any you make is yours to take home for dinner.
You'll also be given a rolling mat, a booklet and a 25% off voucher to use on your next visit.
(Image: iStockphoto)
If you're good with heights and fancy taking in some breathtaking aerial scenery with your special someone, then this helicopter tour with bubbly is the one for you.
(Image: Photodisc)
Tickle your funny bones together, and take in some comedy. For only £15 you can enjoy a night of jokes together.
(Image: E+)
Not for the faint hearted, this indoor skydiving is slightly pricier date, but is an evening you won't forget in a hurry!
(Image: E+)
You'll treasure this one forever. This valentines activity will leave you with a memento to keep too. Great if you're looking for something to fill the photo albums with.
London
There's no shortage of unique things to do in the capital, there's even axe throwing for the braver amongst you! Here's our favourites.
Flight Club Social Darts, from £15
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
Flight Club is one of London's most popular social darts club, and has everything you need for a good night. Including a great bar, dart bards and good grub. Just make you and your other half don't get too competitive!
Whistle Punks Axe Throwing, from £22
(Image: Whistle Punks)
(Image: Whistle Punks)
This is probably as alternative as it comes, make sure you take your other half to Whistle Punks Axe Throwing event, where you can sling a few axes together. Not close to London? Don't worry there are venues in Birmingham and Manchester too.
Sofar Sounds, from £10
(Image: Facebook)
Sofar Sounds has locations all across the UK and is great date for those who love live music. They feature small intimate gigs in great venues, so is the chance to see the next-big-thing.
London's gigs are worth checking out as there is a great selection of dates and locations across the capital.
(Image: Getty)
If you fancy doing something cultural rather than spending the day in a spa, see the crown jewels, experience Britain's most famous historical prison and get a feel for monarchy at the Tower of London.
Heaven on earth for craft beer lovers, head to Greenwich for a two-hour long tour around the working brewery, gaining insight into how beer is made plus tasting super-tasty beers and meeting like-minded beer fanatics.
Afterwards, enjoy a pint in Meantime's tasting rooms and watch the brewers work their magic just metres away as you sip on a drink made under the same roof. Tours cost £20 per person from Meantime Brewery Company.
Manchester
(Image: Facebook)
All Star Lanes, from £9.95
Sometimes you can't beat the classics. Enter All Star Lanes, bowling with a bit more edge.
It's a cool, quirky spin on bowling and you can even get dinner and drinks there too. It's got everything you could want!
Cambridge
(Image: Getty)
Vineyard tour with afternoon tea, £35 for two (save 30%)
If you're planning on heading to the countryside to celebrate V-day, you may as well go all out. Head to Chilford Hall for a Vineyard Tour, to see the vineyards and then taste the glorious goods themselves, tasting five different wines.
And the extravagance doesn't stop there! The package also includes afternoon tea (with hot drinks) for two, where you can feast on a selection of classic cakes and sandwiches releasing your inner Brit.
Birmingham
Cadbury World, £16.15 per adult
If you and your partner both have a sweet tooth, there's no better place to go on the unofficial day of chocolate than Cadbury's World.
Rather than just buying a box of chocolates, go to the home of it and tuck in to lots of tasty treats.
(Image: Facebook)
Fancy something more intimate? Tilt Pinball Bar is full of craft beer and pinball machines, and is perfect for couples looking for a fun activity to go with their drinks. With each game only costing a £1 or £2 for 3, its a cheap, fun way to spend an evening!
Cardiff
(Image: Getty)
Doctor who Tour, £30 for two
If you're thinking of celebrating at the weekend, the Welsh capital is worth a visit. Cardiff has a long-running love affair with Doctor Who and Torchwood, with the city featuring in many episodes over the years. Either walk or take the bus as you're guided around the city and shown key locations you'll instantly recognise from the show.
The walking tours start at 11 on Saturdays and must be pre-booked, while the bus tour leaves on Fridays at 2pm.
Glasgow
(Image: Getty)
Falconry taster, £39 for two (was £78)
This Valentines Day, get up close and personal with the huge, magnificent birds of prey, with a three hour long session where you can see the falcons up close, hold them and perhaps most importantly, take photos with them. An ideal activity for any animal-lovers or bird fans.
WINNIPEG — Jeremiah Masoli threw for 338 yards and two touchdowns to lead the Hamilton Tiger-Cats past the Winnipeg Blue Bombers 30-13 on Friday night.
The Tiger-Cats improved to 4-10 on the season and 4-2 under June Jones, who replaced Kent Austin as head coach on Aug. 2 after Hamilton began the season 0-8.
Masoli completed 27-of-33 passes with no interceptions. He also added 48 yards on eight rushes.
Hamilton is three points behind the Ottawa Redblacks for second place in the CFL's East Division.
By: The Associated Press
news@abc6.com
PROVIDENCE, R.I. - A lifelong prosecutor has been named the acting U.S. attorney for Rhode Island.
The office on Monday announced that Stephen Dambruch is now acting U.S. attorney with the departure of Peter Neronha. Neronha resigned Friday, hours after he and dozens of other U.S. attorneys were asked to resign by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Dambruch was named first assistant U.S. attorney in 2014. He has been with the office since 2004, and has served as chief of the criminal division. He previously worked in the state attorney general's office for 16 years.
Dambruch has worked on a number of public corruption and narcotics investigations.
He is a graduate of Providence College and Boston College Law School.
The U.S. attorney is the chief federal law enforcement officer in the state.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc “Germany AC-DC Power Supply Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2022,” the AC/DC power supply market in Germany was valued at US$ 763.1 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach US$ 1,020.8 Mn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 3.7% from 2016 to 2023. AC/DC power supplies refer to electronic devices that supplies DC power to an electrical load using AC electrical energy. The most significant factor fueling the market growth is the presence of huge electronics and communication industry in Germany. Anticipated consistent growth across the sector is estimated to result into robust demand for related to electronic components in the coming years. In addition, rapidly rising LED lamps market here is another major factor supporting the market growth. Further, consistent market growth is supported by the steady decline in electronic components and expansion of adjacent markets such as information technology (IT) and internet of things (IoT). Nevertheless, uncertain nature of IT, communication as well as electronics industry is a major challenge for the market players.
Browse The Full Report at : http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/germany-ac-dc-power-supply-market
As of 2015, the overall AC/DC power supply market in Germany is dominated by the embedded AC/DC power supply segment. The segment contributed to a market share, in terms of revenue, of over 55% in 2015. The embedded AC/DC power supply segment is predicted to expand with the highest growth rate during the forecast period. The growth of embedded AC-DC power supplies in Germany is strongly influenced by emerging applications such as LED lighting, Power over Ethernet and rising demand for appliances in the country.
The overall AC/DC power supply market was led by the consumer electronics segment, as of 2015. The consumer electronics segment accounted for a market share of over 34.0% in 2015. Owing to the huge and consistent electronics industry here, the segment is estimated to retain its dominant position in the country throughout the forecast period. The segment is followed by the industrial equipment and communication segments. Lighting solutions segment is projected to exhibit the highest CAGR during the forecast period. Rising demand for solid-state lighting solutions represents a huge potential market for embedded power supplies market in the Germany. Benefits of LED lights such as higher cost saving benefits and energy efficiency are increasing the consumption of LEDs in the country.
Browse All Reports of This Category @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/industry/semiconductor-and-electronics-market
Germany AC/DC power supply market too is remarkably fragmented in nature. This is majorly due to expansion of international players (majorly from Asia Pacific) into the promising electronics industry of Germany. Some of the leading players identified in the AC/DC power supply market include Delta Electronics, Inc., Lite-On Technology, Power Innovation GmbH, PULS GmbH and MTM Power. Other major players operating in the Germany market are Camtec Power Supplies, FSP Group, Salcomp Plc., FuG Elektronik and others.
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Who we are
Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals.
Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa.
Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect.
What we do
We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability.
No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: +1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two vegan cafe owners have become embroiled in a bizarre Facebook spat with their customers after deciding to delete the internet.
Matt Ward, 45, and Dawn Silver, 44, are vegans, and own the Goat Cafe in Trinity Street, Huddersfield.
Recently, they posted to their company Facebook page an announcement regarding WiFi. Matt and Dawn felt the internet is 'exploiting humans' and was not in line with their vegan ethos. They also said they'd be removing some of their coffees from the menu.
The full message, since deleted, read: "Being vegan we believe humans are being exploited within the use of modern technology and would like to set a precedent in saying that we are ditching our internet.
(Photo: MEN)
"We no longer accept card payments and will no longer post updates or acknowledge digital communication or reviews but will be happy to respond to any written or verbal correspondence.
"If you feel this is not enough then open your mind and drop your ego!"
Customers took issue with the post, with many criticising the decision, some a little harshly. It was due to the fact that cafe regulars felt the tone was rude.
Matt and Dawn responded to the tirade, first reported by the Huddersfield Examiner , in a surprisingly brash manner. Replying on the Goat Cafe Facebook page, they branded one customer a "f****** control freak" and compared another to Hitler by way of a meme.
When one customer, Bethany Stanley, told Matt and Dawn she'd be cancelling her pending visit, she was told: "F*** you Bethany, and f*** your plans!"
Another local was asked by the cafe owners: "When exactly are you going to die?"
Another customer was told: "If you can only use the internet to live then you need to address your life!"
Although the original post has been deleted from the Goat Cafe page, much of the abusive remains – including a Hitler-based meme.
Matt and Dawn posted an apology note to their customers, and added in another message: "We will remain closed for a few days as some essential rewiring works are needed on the mother ship."
But it appears the damage has been done. Scores of people in Huddersfield are now writing to the pair about the situation, some demanding a proper apology, others insulting veganism with vigour.
Linn Boo wrote: "I feel sorry for you and especially this Bethany who has taken the brunt of these comments over the last few days. What you've done is bullying, it is disgraceful behaviour. Your actions affect people and how they feel.
"Attacking someone because she had an opinion of your food is awful. Criticism comes with owning any type of business, you're supposed to take it on the chin and then make improvements.
"If you pursue your business, may I suggest some customer service or management training.
"I'm vegan as I believe in humanity, that each living thing deserves love and respect. I think you need to take a long look at your ethics."
Arriane Preston added: "Hey guys! I was just wondering if you catered to my specific dietary requirements? My food needs to have radio waves passed through it prior to eating, I find this helps enrich the food with knowledge, and power."
Donny Lorenzo chimed: "Vegans... so stupid".
And Joe Heatherington quipped: "Hope you all end up in a kale hole."
Matt and Dawn said yesterday that they are waiting to delete their Facebook page. Some believe the whole debacle was a publicity stunt.
A reckless motorist on pain killers has been caught speeding at 128mph in a 50mph zone in a high-powered BMW X5 on the M1 motorway in Derbyshire.
Derby magistrates' court heard how Amir Nazari, 39, was captured on a camera speeding between Junctions 28a to 35a, of the M1, at Duckmanton.
Derby magistrates' court.
Prosecuting solicitor Jo Hargreaves said: “A BMW sport estate was captured on camera on the M1 northbound carriageway at Duckmanton driving at 128mph in excess of the 50mph limit.”
Police identified the car as a Scott Group Ltd leased vehicle and, according to Ms Hargeaves, Nazari initially provided officers with another man's name as the driver before Nazari later claimed he had made a mistake and that he had committed the offence.
He told the court: “I feel guilty. I am so sorry for what's happened. About a few days before the incident I was discharged from hospital. I was on pain killers.”
Nazari added: “I cannot remember speeding. I cannot remember what's been happening. I think I have got a clean licence. At the time of the incident I was in very bad pain. I was on pain killers.”
Businessman Nazari, who owns an Italian restaurant, claimed he was collecting specific equipment so it had not been possible to get one of his employees to make the journey.
He added that he has an open bladder and he has to catheterise himself and he suffers with infections.
Nazari said: “Without a driving licence my life is destroyed.”
Len Miller, chairman of the magistrates' bench, revealed that the bench was disappointed that legally the offence was not an imprisonable one because of their concerns about the speed.
Mr Miller told Nazari: “Despite the serious concerns my colleagues and I have, and the risk you posed to others and yourself, we are restricted to a financial penalty and a disqualification.
“Had it been different circumstances and there had been an accident or someone had been injured you would be in a much more serious position.”
Nazari said: “I feel guilty and I am very sad but please do not destroy my life because I have worked hard with this disability.”
But Mr Miller also stressed to Nazari he should not have been driving with medication in his system.
Nazari, of Larksfield Grove, Enfield, pleaded guilty to exceeding the speed limit after the incident on May 24.
Magistrates fined the defendant £513 and ordered him to pay £85 costs and a £51 victim surcharge.
Nazari was also disqualified from driving for 12 months.
The bench agreed the matter will be referred to the DVLA for them to establish whether the defendant should be driving in the future given his medical circumstances.
Following the hearing, Derbyshire police Sergeant Nick Beeston, said: “Gantries with a 50mph speed limit were in place because there was workforce in the road.
“Mr Nazari was driving at 128mph when he went through that speed camera and his speed involved him driving a mile in 36 seconds.
“So our concern was road safety and the high risk posed to other road-users in Derbyshire.
“He would have been on top of any hazard before he could have reacted to anything. If something had happened there would have been serious fatalities at that speed.”
Sgt Beeston, of Derbyshire Constabulary's Casualty, Redemption and Enforcement Support Team, warned police will track down any offenders who fail to take responsibility for their actions or pose a risk to road-users.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool will intensify their efforts to bring Nabil Fekir to Anfield, as they attempt to strike a deal in the next 10 days.
But contrary to widespread reports in France, there has been no formal bid from the Reds for the £50m-rated France international.
Fekir is the next target as boss Jurgen Klopp looks to put the final pieces of his squad jigsaw together, in preparation for a full onslaught for the Premier League title next season.
And we understand the Lyon attacking midfielder has met with his club president Jean-Michel Aulas to make clear he wants a move to Anfield...and would like his future decided before the World Cup starts.
That is Liverpool's aim as they look to strike a deal, with Sporting Director Michael Edwards keen to pursue formal discussions in the next week.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Lyon president Aulas will not stand in the way of the move, but he has insisted the French club are in no hurry to negotiate, with the club in a strong financial position.
Aula believes, with Fekir a likely France starter at the World Cup, it could increase his value, but Liverpool will push hard in the next few days in the hope of convincing Lyon.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When you were six years old, you might have been given £1 a week pocket money to buy sweets at the local newsagents.
Imagine if you were earning £158,000 per week at the same age.
You wouldn't know what to do with yourself.
One little boy has earned more than £8million in 2017 - just by reviewing toys online.
Ryan features on the YouTube channel Ryan ToysReview and stars in videos where he plays with the latest toys and tells viewers what he really thinks of them.
According to Forbes, he was one of the highest-earning YouTubers this year, raking in $11million before tax.
(Image: YouTube/ Ryan ToysReview)
Ryan's parents film the videos and post them to his channel, which has an audience of about 10million subscribers.
According to The Verge, this translates to about $1million a month in advertising revenue alone.
How did it all start?
When Ryan was four years old, he really liked to watch videos of toy reviews and asked his parents why he couldn't do it, too.
They let him and it all started out slowly until July 2015, when a video of Ryan opening a box of more than 100 toys from Pixar's Cars went viral, gaining almost 800million views.
Since then, he's been reviewing toys regularly.
The 'about' section on his channel reads: "Ryan loves Toys. Toys Review for kids by a kid! Join Ryan to see him play with toys and review toys for kids!
poll loading Would you let your kid review toys for a living? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
"He loves Cars, Trains, Thomas and friends, Lego, Superheroes, Disney toys, open surprise eggs, play doh , Pixar Disney cars , Disney Planes, monster trucks, minions, playtime at the fun, family fun adventure and so much more!
"Ryan will also love doing fun and easy science experiments for kids!
"Most of the toys we used to review are being donated to local charity."
What a lucky little boy!
Customize Your Content
Take control of what content you see. From inspiration on starting a business to learning more about how to find solutions - make our site yours and never miss a beat.
For those planning to do Linux gaming with Intel graphics hardware, you might soon have a new choice with the performance-oriented Clear Linux distribution out of Intel's Open-Source Technology Center.Clear Linux developers are currently working on bringing up support for Steam in Clear Linux, something that isn't trivial to do as the operating system tends to be 64-bit focused while Steam still depends upon a mess of 32-bit packages, among other challenges. But Intel developer Arjan van de Ven has shared a photo on Twitter showing the basics of Steam appearing to work on Clear Linux.
It will be interesting to see how well Steam performs on Clear Linux once everything is all up and working fully. Clear does ship with the latest Mesa stack -- including Vulkan drivers. What makes Steam on Clear Linux particularly interesting is the distribution's aggressive focus on performance from compile-time optimizations, function multi-versioning, shipping various out-of-tree patches in the name of performance, and other performance tuning by the Intel Open-Source Technology Center. While Clear Linux is mostly focused on workstation/servers/data-center performance, it has shown to deliver very good Intel graphics performance . Clear also recently added a games bundle (package).But before all Linux gamers get too excited, keep in mind that Clear Linux for now at least only offers accelerated graphics when using Intel hardware. Currently the open-source Radeon driver stack isn't packaged for this distribution (nor Nouveau for that matter) and I don't believe the NVIDIA proprietary driver works there either. So this could be good news if you are looking for a low-powered Intel Steam Linux gaming box and particularly if you are either having Skylake HD Graphics or other recent Iris / Iris Pro Graphics for being able to run Steam OpenGL/Vulkan games at sufficient speeds.Once the Steam support is in good standing, I'll surely be firing up some benchmarks on Clear Linux to see how it compares to alternatives.
A major plan to build up to 2,500 homes on a site to the northeast of Kenilworth has been submitted by developers.
Lioncourt Homes are applying for outline permission to build the homes on land at Kings Hill.
As well as the homes, the plan includes a 4,000 sq m 'district centre', a new primary and secondary school, green spaces, new roads within the site and a new access point to the site at the junction of Kings Hill Lane and Stoneleigh Road.
In addition, a new roundabout junction at the south of Saint Martin's Road and Green Lane and a new limited access junction on Green Lane to the north of Finham Primary School has also been proposed for access in a separate application which falls under Coventry City Council's jurisdiction.
The site was identified in Warwick district's Local Plan for 1,800 homes, with a potential to rise to 4,000 in the future.
The developers' design and access statement read: "The proposed development will create housing choice, increased educational opportunities, community facilities and new amenity spaces for the existing and new community whilst assisting in delivering district required infrastructure and housing and improving public access across the site and to the wider pedestrian network."
The plan has already attracted a torrent of complaints from concerned residents.
Sue Fitton of Finham Brook Flood Group was concerned about the possible increase to flood risks.
She said: "Any development that could increase surface water runoff into the Finham Brook is bound to cause concern, especially to those residents located downstream of the proposed development."
And Stoneleigh and Ashow Parish Council have also objected to the plan, as it thought the planned access and exit roads to the site were 'inadequate.'
Kenilwirth Town Council will discuss the plans at a meeting tomorrow (Thursday May 31).
It is not yet known when Warwick District Council will make a decision on the plans.
NEWARK, N.J. - "Jersey Shore" star Michael "The Situation" Sorrentino and his brother pleaded not guilty Monday to additional tax fraud charges after federal prosecutors say they filed fake tax returns and claimed luxury car and clothing purchases were business expenses.
Michael and Marc Sorrentino entered their pleas during an arraignment in federal court in Newark.
"This is a complicated case — Michael is not a complicated person," Michael Sorrentino's attorney, Henry Klingeman, told reporters outside the courthouse after the hearing had concluded.
Marc Sorrentino's attorney declined to comment on the proceedings.
In 2014, the brothers pleaded not guilty to charges they filed bogus tax returns on nearly $9 million and claimed millions in personal expenses as business expenses.
Michael Sorrentino was indicted this month on charges including tax evasion, structuring bank deposits to avoid reporting requirements and falsifying records. Marc Sorrentino was charged with falsifying records to obstruct a grand jury investigation.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Prosecutors allege Michael Sorrentino didn't pay federal income tax owed on the $8.9 million he earned from 2010 to 2012, failed to file a personal tax return for 2011 and filed fake corporate returns for one of the companies the brothers set up after he gained fame on the show. Prosecutors say he also made a series of bank deposits of under $10,000 to avoid bank reporting requirements.
After the brothers were served with grand jury subpoenas seeking records from their companies, prosecutors allege Marc Sorrentino falsified records to reclassify taxable payments to himself as nontaxable payments and business deductions.
"The Situation" appeared on all six seasons of the MTV reality show, which followed the lives of rowdy housemates on New Jersey's famed Atlantic shore and ran from 2009 to 2012.
On April 9, 2017 in Trenton, New Jersey, Chanzie Washington allegedly led cops on a car chase and then ran on foot. When the police caught him, Washington was brought to the ground, and was then punched several times by three different police officers: Drew Inman, Antony Villanueva and Mark Kieffer III. Inman and Kieffer III are white and Villanueva is Hispanic.
One part of the video shows Inman punching the suspect before bragging to the person recording the video, saying, “I beat the living sh*t”– he stops when the other officer points to his body camera.
See the graphic footage below:
According to Trentonian, the Trenton Police Department is setting up the Hispanic cop, Officer Anthony Villanueva, “as the sole fall guy” and “Villanueva was placed on restricted duty within a week, but Inman remained on the streets for more than a month before being placed on restriction.” As of last month, Villanueva was suspended without pay. Inman is still on restricted duty and Kieffer III is on the streets. An anonymous cop from the department told Trentonian that the police department is “painting Anthony as the villain.”
Villanueva has hired an attorney who said, “I've already made plans to defend him on these charges, but there's no sense putting on my battle gear before the battle starts. I believe that if my client gets a fair hearing he won't be charged.”
Sounds like Villanueva was under the misconception that police solidarity may is the same if you are a person of color.
SEE ALSO:
Marielle Franco, Radical Black Female Politician, Executed In Brazil
Megachurch Pastor Says Believing Jesus Is The Only Way To Heaven Is ‘Insanity'
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj could be on his way to Roma.
Januzaj is set to return to Old Trafford after a frustrating spell at Sunderland last term.
The 22-year-old has been linked with Real Sociedad but Roma are now ready to make a move, reports DHNet.
It is reported Monchi is keen on Januzaj, who could replace Liverpool target Mohamed Salah.
The winger is unlikely to have a future under Jose Mourinho.
Lindelof arrival to signal Smalling exit
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Chris Smalling is being hawked around the Premier League as Manchester United prepare to sell the England defender, writes John Cross.
Boss Mourinho wants to offload the 27-year-old, with Everton and West Ham among the clubs to have been sounded out.
It comes as United confirmed the capture of long-time target and fellow centre-back Victor Lindelof from Portugal's Benfica on Wednesday evening, with Mourinho clearly feeling Smalling does not have a future at Old Trafford.
Everton are more likely to move for Burnley's Michael Keane , who remains their primary defensive target, but there will be no shortage of takers for Smalling.
READ MORE HERE.
Perisic boost for United
(Photo: FC Internazionale)
Ivan Perisic is already planning for life at Manchester United.
United are yet to reach an agreement with Inter Milan over the Croatian, who is on Jose Mourinho's wishlist.
But Perisic expects to seal a move to Old Trafford this summer, reports the Manchester Evening News.
The winger is said to be keen on the prospect of playing for Jose Mourinho and wants a return to the Champions League.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Caroline Flack and Andrew Brady have been spotted on what looked like a tense outing - on the same day fans noticed they weren't following each other on Instagram.
As the engaged pair headed out with pooch Ruby for a stroll around London on Tuesday, they were papped having what looked like an awkward exchange.
Love Island host Caroline was seen looking intently at Andrew before turning to the side and scrolling through her phone.
The couple, who got engaged back in April, then appeared to be keeping their distance as Andrew powered on ahead as Caroline followed behind with Ruby.
(Image: LVT Goff)
(Image: LVT / Goff)
(Image: LVT Goff)
TV presenter Caroline, 38, was stylishly dressed for the warm weather in a camo print onesie, while Andrew, 27, kept it cool in a basketball vest and blue shorts.
A spokesperson for Caroline told the Mirror Online speculation of a fallout between the pair was 'nonsense.'
(Image: LVT / Goff)
(Image: LVT / Goff)
(Image: LVT / Goff)
Their latest outing came as Caroline gushed about her fiancé in an open letter to her loves past and present for Cosmopolitan magazine.
The unlucky in love star spoke of her dating highs and lows and revealed how things were different with Apprentice star Andrew.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Cosmopolitan / Matthew Eades)
(Image: Instagram)
“People talk about meeting someone and feeling as though you've known them your whole life. That's what it felt like when I met you," she penend.
"Talking to you was effortless – just two people laughing and getting to know each other until the early hours. It was how all first dates should be," she added.
Opening up about their bond, Caroline - who previously dated Harry Styles and Prince Harry - said her relationship with Andrew is like nothing she's ever experienced before.
(Image: Cosmopolitan / Matthew Eades)
(Image: Cosmopolitan)
“We laugh until we cry. I've never had that before – with anyone. Every other relationship I've had has only been about love, but with you it's about friendship, too. It's what I've been looking for," she said.
“My life was complete before you came into it – a man doesn't complete your life. But I wanted to make room in it for you. I look at you and I think, ‘Yes, Andrew, you're the one I've been waiting for'" she gushed.
* The full interview appears in the August 2018 issue of Cosmopolitan, on sale Wednesday
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Their Love Island stint ended in a bit of a disaster - but Danielle Sellers and Chyna Ellis seem to have finally found romance... with each other.
The reality stars were spotted touching each other up in a pool in Spain, where they've jetted for a winter holiday to enjoy some sunshine.
Page 3 girl Danielle, who was linked to Jack Maynard before his shock exit from the'm A Celebrity jungle, hugged her friend and put her hands on her bum as Chyna pressed her boobs against her.
(Image: Flynet)
The two were also seen holding hands as they strolled in the sunshine in their matching black bikinis.
They later disappeared into the shower together, flicking water at each other and laughing as they washed themselves down.
However, despite their flirty behaviour the pair aren't actually together.
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: Flynet)
Chyna was briefly linked to fellow Islander Jonny Michell, but they only had one date - purportedly worth £100,000 when Jonny jetted her off to Budapest - in the outside world before going their separate ways
She's now signed up to the new series of Ibiza Weekender and will be hosting guests along with Jordan Davies - who's been rumoured to be interested in her.
"I thought Jordan was good looking. He's a bit of a playboy so I was quite wary of him at first," Chyna recently revealed.
"But as soon as I got to know him we got on really well. He's got a really sweet caring personality."
But Jordan has hinted that Chyna might have been one of the reps who get cut in the upcoming series.
"A lot of the reps did get sacked which doesn't usually happen," he said after filmed had wrapped.
"You'll be shocked at the three that do go. If you break the rules you are going to get sacked."
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Liverpool players celebrated jubilantly inside a packed Stadio Olimpico after they booked their place in the final of the Champions League after overcoming Roma in the semis.
Virgil van Dijk and Dejan Lovren could be seen punching the air in delight, while Andrew Robertson - who seemingly couldn't believe his luck - clapped along proudly.
Liverpool's coaching staff even got involved in the celebrations, as thousands of Reds supporters sang You'll Never Walk Alone at the top of their voices.
But eagle-eyed Reds fans noticed something a little strange: Jordan Henderson marching over to German shot-stopper Loris Karius and wiping the smile off his face by giving him an earful.
(Image: EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock)
It's not entirely clear what the Liverpool captain shouted at the goalkeeper, but he could be seen making a gesture with his hands as if to say Karius should have caught the ball at one moment in the game.
Other Reds fans claimed the skipper was instead complaining about the keeper's positioning for the penalty Liverpool conceded late on.
(Image: BT Sport/Twitter)
Henderson could apparently be seen shouting: "I told you don't move," after Karius opted to dive when trying to save Radja Nainggolan's spot-kick, which he fired straight down the middle.
Fortunately for Karius - and Liverpool for that matter - neither his decision to dive nor gather a ball (whatever it was that irked Henderson) mattered.
(Image: Nick Potts/PA Wire)
Liverpool had booked their spot in the final - que sera sera and all that - and at the time Henderson appeared to everyone as if he had massively overeacted.
Of course, no one was to know how the match against Real Madrid was going to pan out.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
On paper Liverpool had more than enough artillery to bring down the great Los Blancos, and were favourites in some people's eyes going into the final.
But the players came away from Kiev with nothing but losers' medals - and not because they weren't good enough, but because of two disastrous errors.
(Image: UEFA/Getty)
Karius was at fault for two of Real Madrid's three goals after he threw the ball into the path of Karim Benzema to open the scoring, and palmed a speculative Gareth Bale effort into his own net.
The errors - brought on by a complete lack of concentration - were very much avoidable, and ultimately the reason for Madrid winning a third consecutive European crown.
(Image: Getty)
Henderson's ability as a captain has been questioned in the past amid claims he doesn't stand up to the great Steven Gerrard.
But perhaps the skipper was spot on this time, and perhaps his overreaction after victory in the semi-final - a call to remain focused - wasn't that much of an overreaction after all.
Doctors will use a cutting-edge IVF technique to help two couples have healthy babies.
The news: British regulators have approved the first uses of a technique called mitochondrial replacement therapy in the UK. The approach will use DNA from three people—the parents and a female donor—to avoid passing on a devastating neurodegenerative disorder caused by faulty mitochondria.
How it works: Doctors fertilize a woman's egg with sperm and remove its nucleus, leaving the defective mitochondrial DNA behind. They then inject the nucleus into a hollowed-out donor egg containing only healthy mitochondrial DNA.
US opposition: It's unlikely the US will follow Britain's lead anytime soon. Congress has effectively barred research that involves implanting modified embryos in a person. New York fertility doctor John Zhang had to go to Mexico to perform a similar procedure, which resulted in the birth of a seemingly healthy baby boy in 2016.
A Thai provincial governor says all 12 boys and their coach have been found alive in the cave
In this July 3, 2018, image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page, a Thai boy smiles as Thai Navy SEAL medic help injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand. (Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP)
Their skinny faces illuminated by a flashlight, the Thai soccer teammates stranded more than a week in a partly flooded cave said they were healthy on a video released Wednesday, as heavy rains forecast for later this week could complicate plans to safely extract them.
The 12 boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai navy SEALs in the dark cave. The boys, many wrapped in foil warming blankets, take turns introducing themselves, folding their hands together in a traditional greeting and saying their names and that they are healthy.
The video lasting about a minute was recorded sometime Tuesday and was posted on the navy SEAL Facebook page Wednesday morning. The navy later released two more videos of the boys.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach disappeared after they went exploring in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game June 23. The teammates, who were trapped inside when heavy rains flooded the cave, were found by rescue divers late Monday night during a desperate search that drew assistance from experts around the globe.
Authorities said the boys, who had also been shown Tuesday in a video shot by the British diver who discovered them, were being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
In all of the videos the boys have appeared in good spirits. In the most recent videos a navy SEAL is shown treating minor cuts on the feet and legs of the boys with antibiotic ointment. Several of the boys are seen smiling as they interact with the navy SEAL, who cracks jokes.
Seeing the boys has boosted the mood of relatives, and officials are working to install an internet cable to the cave so that parents can talk to their children.
Related: Thai boys and coach found alive in cave where they went missing
Related: Thai prime minister to families of missing boys: Have faith
Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside, said she had thought it was a 50 per cent chance that her son would be found.
“It's like he has been given a new life,” she said, adding that she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said Tuesday that there was no rush to bring the group out of the cave, since they're safe where they are. The current flooding situation means the boys would have to dive, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous.
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing, some Thai officials have indicated that heavy rains forecast for this weekend could force them to decide the boys should swim and dive out using the same complicated route of narrow passageways through which their rescuers entered.
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn said Wednesday that the boys have been practicing wearing diving masks and breathing, but he doesn't believe they have attempted any practice dives.
He said it is unknown when an extraction could be attempted, but it is unlikely to be Wednesday.
“If it's risky or not safe, we will not proceed yet,” Narongsak said. “It has to be 100 per cent safe.”
Authorities said they were still exploring other options, such as scouring the mountainside for other ways into the cave and finding faster ways to pump water from the cave.
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safest to simply supply the boys where they are for now, and wait for the water to go down. That could take months, however, given that Thailand's rainy season typically lasts through October.
The British Cave Rescue Council, which has members taking part in the operation , said in a statement that “although water levels have dropped, the diving conditions remain difficult and any attempt to dive the boys and their coach out will not be taken lightly because there are significant technical challenges and risks considering.”
Gary Mitchell, the group's assistant vice chairman, said getting out of the cave requires about a kilometre (half a mile) of diving total, though not all in one stretch, and takes about three hours.
“There's air pockets along the way,” he said. “It's confined spaces. It's almost zero visibility. There are currents to battle against in places as well. So it's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in,” he said.
Tassanee Vejpongsa, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Marcus Hutchins, who helped stop the WannaCry attack, rejects six charges of helping to create and spread the Kronos banking malware
The British security researcher who inadvertently stopped the global WannaCry ransomware campaign in May, has pleaded not guilty to charges in the US of developing and distributing the ‘Kronos' banking malware.
Marcus Hutchins, otherwise known as ‘Malwaretech' on social media, was arrested by the FBI on 2 August in Nevada, after he attended the Black Hat and Def Con hacking conference in Las Vegas
During a hearing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Marcus Hutchins rejected six charges relating to the Kronos malware and will now face trial in October. Friends and family raised his £23,000 bail, the terms of which forbade him from using a computer. That restriction has now been lifted.
Kronos malware
A second defendant is also included in the indictment, but their name has not been made public.
Essentially, the DoJ believes that Hutchins is responsible for the creation and distribution of Kronos on Internet forums.
This was a nasty piece of malware that was designed to steal banking login and other financial data from infected computers. It first came to prominence in 2014 after it posed as legitimate software in order to infect people's computers.
What is your biggest cybersecurity concern? Ransomware
Humans / Social Engineering
Out of date tools
DDoS
State sponsored hackers
Malware
Other View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Its creator boasted it could evade existing anti-virus software and said it worked with Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome web browsers. The creator also (unusually) promised to deliver free upgrades and bug fixes for the trojan, and even offered attackers a one week trial for $1,000.
Kronos resurfaced again in October 2015 after it reportedly attacked both British and Indian banking websites.
Then in May 2016 it hit customers of Canadian financial institutions, and last November Kronos was apparently being distributed in emails sent to financial service firms, hospitality businesses, as well as those companies operating in the higher education and healthcare industries.
It has been suggested by some that code written by Hutchins was ‘stolen' and incorporated into Kronos.
If found guilty, Hutchins could be jailed for 40 years.
‘Hero' Researcher
The fact that the FBI believes that Hutchins was responsible for this trojan has come as a surprise to many.
When the WannaCry ransowmware spread rapidly through computer systems around the world in May, it crippled huge swathes of NHS IT infrastructure. As the ransomware attack began to take hold, Hutchins obtained a sample of the malware from a fellow researcher.
Hutchins then tested the ransomware in a virtual environment and discovered it queried an unregistered domain. He had noted the malware was connecting to multiple IP addresses targeting a server message block (SMB) vulnerability.
He then registered the domain, an action which ultimately resulted in the botnet being terminated. Hutchins actions only emerged days after the first WannaCry attacks.
Quiz: What do you know about cybersecurity in 2017?
FRIEDBERG, Germany — February 2, 2017 — Following the slogan for this year's INDEX, “Connecting you with nonwoven solutions”, company Autefa Solutions is ready to take up the challenge. Nowadays Nonwovens producers are looking for new energy saving and advanced technologies especially in the field of disposables.
The Autefa Solutions V‐Jet is a new hydroentanglement system which saves up to 30% of the hydraulic energy required for the Spunlace process. The patented jet‐strip design enables a pressure reduction while keeping the product quality constant in comparison to a standard jet‐strip. The Spunlace process is optimized with the Square Drum Dryer SQ‐V, which has significantly better energy efficiency and drying performance than a common Drum Dryer – at the same footprint.
The Crosslapper Topliner CL 4004 SL is characterised by a high infeed speed of up to 130 m/min and a precise weight distribution. These advantages are very important especially for lightweight applications in spunlace lines. The lapping of the web layers is continuously monitored, which minimizes rejects and saves material.
For the production of flushable wipes Autefa Solutions and Campen Machinery plan and realizes complete hydro laced airlaid process lines. The concept hits the specific need for medium and small size Airlaid production solutions.
There is also a growing interest in high speed through air thermobonding lines for hygiene products such as acquisition and distribution layers (ADL). These materials are used in baby diapers, sanitary napkins and adult incontinence products. The key strengths of the Autefa Solutions belt dryers are uniform airflow and the precisely adjustable temperature distribution, the ability to maintain loft or to create high densities. André Imhof, CEO Autefa Solutions Austria explains: “The customer today is more demanding and requires the best possible Total Cost of Ownership (TCO). The High productivity, the flexibility for various nonwovens products with low maintenance costs will increase the demand for top quality machines from Autefa Solutions.”
For the needle nonwovens process, Autefa Solutions presents the Needle Loom Fehrer Stylus ONE, a machine for all needling applications. StylusONE covers the needs of the market for a reliable and economic machine. With a performance of max 1200 strokes/min the Needle Loom StylusONE distinguishes itself through productivity, guaranteed longevity and maintenance free gear boxes.
Autefa Solutions delivers turn‐key lines as well as individual machines for nonwovens manufacturing.
Application fields are the production of artificial leather, filter products as well as paper‐machine felts, automotive felts, geotextiles, floor coverings, felts for insulation and nonwovens for the hygiene industry.
The product range includes fiber preparation machines, nonwovens cards, aerodynamic web forming machines (Airlay), crosslappers and needle looms. The product range additionally includes equipment for thermobonding, drying as well as cutting‐, winding‐ and festooning‐ technology.
Posted February 14, 2017
Source: Autefa Solutions
© İssam Rimawi/Anadolu Agencyİssam Rimawi/Anadolu Agency
Her detention has been extended
four times
.
could face up to ten years in prison.
, according to the Palestinian Information Centre.Israel's Ofer military court, located west of the West Bank city of Ramallah, delayed the trial yesterday that was originally scheduled to take place tomorrow.Tamimi, a resident of Nabi Saleh in the occupied West Bank, was arrested after a video of her and her cousin forcing Israeli occupation forces off her family's land went viral on social media.The shot required dangerous surgery which involved removing part of the boy's skull in order to take out the bullet.Tamimi's mother and father were subsequently arrested. Two of her cousins were also detained, one of whom was released pending bail.Tamimi and her mother are being charged with incitement, as well as for shoving soldiers and rock-throwing . Both will remain incarcerated until the end of the trial andEarlier this month a major from the Israeli army prosecution had countered to the Judea Military Court that Tamimi has "a pattern of lawbreaking" which required that she remain in detention until the end of her trial for shoving soldiers and rock-throwing. Amnesty International has launched an urgent appeal demanding the immediate release of Tamimi, whom they say has suffered aggressive interrogations, sometimes at night, whilst her family has been threatened."Her trial before an Israeli military juvenile court is imminent, we must mobilise quickly and effectively," the rights group said.It has condemned the trial and the collective punishment imposed on other members of family and the designation of her home as a closed military zone the organisation said.The Tamimi family of Nabi Saleh is well known internationally for their activism against the Israeli occupation. Their recent arrests have attracted messages of support from around the world.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Huge flames and black smoke have brought traffic to a standstill after a lorry blaze at junction 17 of the M25.
It is not immediately clear what caused the fire, which has caused major disruption.
Traffic is being diverted via the exit and entry slips following the accident on the anticlockwise side, in which a lorry left the carriageway and caught fire. The main carriageway has been closed due to the accident.
The sections of the roundabout directly beneath the motorway have been closed and some traffic remains trapped.
Highways England tweeted: "Traffic remains diverted up and over the M25 J17 Heronsgate A405 in both directions due to an HGV fire.
"We are working to get traffic within the closures cleared as soon as we can - please follow instruction from police."
Oklahoma City investigators are working to determine who is responsible for the death of an infant.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Senior executives at Cambridge Analytica, the data firm credited with Donald Trump's election victory, boasted the firm could entrap politicians using bribes and Ukrainian sex workers in hidden camera footage.
Alexander Nix, the British firm's chief executive, told an undercover reporter they could use ex-Mi6 spies to dig up dirt on political opponents, which would then be discreetly posted on social media.
He also suggested he could “send some girls around to the candidate's house”, adding that Ukrainian girls “are very beautiful, I find that works very well.”
And he said the operation could be kept secret through a web of shadowy front companies or sub-contractors. “A different entity, with a different name,” he said.
“So that no record exists with our name attached to this at all.”
You can read sections of the transcripts from the undercover footage below
The admissions were filmed at a series of meetings at London hotels over four months, between November 2017 and January 2018, where an undercover reporter for Channel 4 News posed as a fixer for a wealthy client hoping to get candidates elected in Sri Lanka.
(Image: PA)
(Image: AFP)
Mr Nix was joined in the meetings by Mark Turnbull, the managing director of CA Political Global, and the company's chief data officer, Dr Alex Tayler.
The firm is at the centre of a scandal over claims it harvested more than 50 million Facebook profiles to help ex-Trump strategist Steve Bannon influence public opinion ahead of the 2016 US election.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Theresa May's spokesman said: "The allegations are clearly very concerning.
"It is essential that people can have confidence that their personal data will be protected and used in an appropriate way.
(Image: Paul Davey / SWNS.com)
(Image: AFP)
"It is absolutely right that the Information Commissioner is investigating this matter.
"We expect Facebook, Cambridge Analytica and all the organisations involved to co-operate fully."
Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Secretary Matt Hancock told MPs the reports were "clearly very worrying".
He added: "We expect all organisations to co-operate with this investigation in whatever way the information commissioner sees fit."
The comments came as Damian Collins, chairman of the House of Commons Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, secured an urgent question on the matter in the Commons. Mr Collins called for a "broader investigation" into the activities of Cambridge Analytica.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A Cambridge Analytica spokesman told Channel Four News: “We entirely refute any allegation that Cambridge Analytica or any of its affiliates use entrapment, bribes, or so-called “honey-traps” for any purpose whatsoever…”
They said: “Cambridge Analytica does not use untrue material for any purpose.”
And they insisted that opposition research and intelligence gathering, the use of subcontractors, working discreetly with clients and the use of encrypted communications are all common practice and legitimate.
(Image: REUTERS)
The Transcripts:
The meetings with an undercover reporter for Channel 4 News were held on:
November 2017, Hari Hotel - Mark Turnbull and Alex Tayler
November 2017, Dorchester Hotel - Mark Turnbull and Alex Tayler
December 2017, Berkeley Hotel - Mark Turnbull
January 2018, Berkeley Hotel - Alexander Nix and Mark Turnbull
December 2018, phone call with Alexander Nix and Mark Turnbull
Below are sections of transcripts from the undercover footage.
January 2018, at the Berkeley Hotel:
(Image: Channel 4)
Reporter: “It has to be the deep digging and what we want to know is what is the expertise of the deep digging that you can do to make sure that the people know the true identity and secrets of the people?
Nix: “Oh, we do a lot more than that. I mean deep digging is interesting but you know equally effective can be just to go and speak to the incumbents and to offer them a deal that's too good to be true, and make sure that that's video recorded, you know, these sorts of tactics are very effective instantly having video evidence of corruption, putting it on the internet, these sorts of things.”
Reporter: “And the operative you will use for this is who?”
Nix: “Well someone known to us.”
Reporter: “OK so it is somebody, you won't use a Sri Lankan person no because there's issue.”
Nix: “No. No, no, we'll have a wealthy developer come in, somebody poses as a wealthy developer.”
Turnbull: “I'm a master of disguise.”
Nix: “Yes. They will offer a large amount of money to the candidate, to finance his campaign in exchange for land for instance, we'll have the whole thing recorded on cameras, we'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the internet.”
Reporter: “So on Facebook or YouTube, or something like this?”
Offering bribes to public officials is an offence under both the UK Bribery Act and the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Cambridge Analytica operates in the UK and is registered in the United States.
January 2018 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Nix: “Send some girls around to the candidate's house, we have lots of history of things.”
...
Reporter: “For example you're saying when you're using the girls to introduce to the local fellow and you're using the girls for this, like the seduction, they're not local girls? Not Sri Lankan girls?”
Nix: “I wouldn't have thought so no, we'll bring some, I mean it was just an idea, I'm just saying, we could bring some Ukrainians in on holiday with us you know, you know what I'm saying.”
Reporter: “They are very beautiful Ukrainian girls.”
Nix: “They are very beautiful, I find that works very well.”
…
Nix: “And the answers are hypothetical and that's really important is, is please don't pay too much attention to what I'm saying because I'm just giving you examples of what can be done and what, what has been done. The right solution will be made for the right, for your problem.”
Mr Turnbull was present for the exchanges above, despite them contrasting with his comments at an earlier meeting, on the 19 December at the Berkeley Hotel:
Turnbull: “So we're not in the business of fake news, we're not in the business of lying, making stuff up, and we're not in the business of entrapment, so we wouldn't, we wouldn't send a pretty girl out to seduce a politician and then film them in their bedroom and then release the film. There are companies that do this but to me that crosses a line…”
December 2017 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Turnbull: “… we just put information into the bloodstream to the Internet, and then, and then watch it grow, give it a little push every now and again, over time, to watch it take shape.”
…
(Image: Channel 4)
December 2017 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Reporter: “So it is like almost like a remote control you do this, but is, you're, you're not pushing, no?”
Turnbull: “Yes, like a remote control. It has to happen without anyone thinking, ‘that's propaganda', because the moment you think ‘that's propaganda' the next question is, ‘who's put that out?'”
Reporter: “Yes”
Turnbull: “So we have to be very subtle, and we've got time to do this.”
January 2018 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Nix: “What we think are concerns as foreigners or as educate elites, or as professionals aren't concerns with the people that really matter… Like in England the best example was the MPs expenses and yeah people spending just a few hundred or a few thousand pounds on something really upset people.”
Reporter: “Right.”
Nix: “It was such a small thing, it was tiny. You never could have guessed that.”
Reporter: “But it matters to the people.”
Nix: “What matters to the people.”
Reporter: “Things like that in Sri Lanka... If minister is homosexual that is resign...”
Nix: “These are things that, I mean, it sounds a dreadful thing to say but these are things that don't necessarily need to be true, as long as they're believed.”
January 2018 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Nix: “…we have a long history of working behind the scenes you know, many of our clients don't want to be seen to be working with a foreign company... so often we set up, if we are working then we can set up fake IDs and websites, we can be students doing research projects attached to a university, we can be tourists, there are so many options we can look at. I have lots of experience in this.”
December 2018 – phone call:
Nix: “We do incognito very well indeed, in fact we have many clients who never wish to have our relationship with them made public”
Reporter: “Of course.”
Nix: “And, and we're used to that, we're used to operating through different vehicles, in the shadows, and I look forward to building a very long-term and secretive relationship with you.”
December 2017 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Turnbull: “And it may be that we have to contract under a different name”
Reporter: “From Cambridge Analytica?”
Turnbull: “A different entity, with a different name, so that no record exists with our name attached to this at all, and I think we can work in that space as well.”
Reporter: “You have done this in other countries, or?”
Turnbull: “We've looked at doing this in other countries where it is an issue, and I know that Alexander is very open to this. Very open. Different, different name, and the team, different cards. So, no one knows. Very, very, very discreet.”
November 2017 at the Hari Hotel:
Turnbull: “You mentioned intelligence gathering as well as part of the mix, didn't you?”
Reporter: “Corporate, yes.”
Turnbull: “We have, we have relationships and partnerships with specialist organisations that do that kind of, that do that kind of work…. So that, you can, you know who the opposition is, you know their secrets, you know their tactics.”
December 2017 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Turnbull: “Well, there are various intelligence-gathering organisations that operate very discreetly to find information like that”
Reporter: “That, like MI5, no, no”
Turnbull: “Well, yeah, lots of security services people go into companies like that. I know people who used to work for MI5, MI6, they now work for these”
Reporter: “Private organisations?”
Turnbull: “Private organisations. Whose job is to gather research… they will find all the skeletons in his closet quietly, discreetly, and give you a report.”
Reporter: “You can recommend?”
Turnbull: “Absolutely. Specialise in finding this kind of”
January 2018 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Reporter: “How is it done with the payment to these organisations, where you're using another organisation?”
Nix: “We take care of that, we subcontract to them”
Reporter: “So we pay you, and you will?”
Nix: “We use some British companies, we use some Israeli companies.”
Reporter: “Israeli people? Israeli? From Israel?”
Nix: “From Israel. Very effective in intelligence gathering.”
January 2018 at the Berkeley Hotel:
Turnbull: “We've just used a different organisation to run a very, very successful project in a Eastern European country where they did a really, no-one even knew they were there, they just drift, they were just ghosted in, did the work, ghosted out and produced really, really good material. So we have experience in doing this.”
November 2017 at the Dorchester Hotel:
Turnbull: “The two fundamental human drivers, when it comes to taking information onboard effectively are hopes and fears, and many of those are unspoken and even unconscious. You didn't know that was a fear until you saw something that just evoked that reaction from you.”
Reporter: “Right, right, right.”
Turnbull: “And our job is to get, is to drop the bucket further down the well than anybody else, to understand what are those really deep-seated underlying fears, concerns… It's no good fighting an election campaign on the facts because actually it's all about emotion, it's all about emotion.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We all have little rituals to bring us luck, from wearing odd socks to doing things in a certain order.
Yanet Garcia also has her rituals - but the 'world's sexiest weathergirl' does things a little differently.
And with that in mind, this is the moment Yanet is kicked on the bum by her co-presenters as a good luck charm ahead of Mexico's efforts in the World Cup.
The stunning 27-year-old presents the weather on Mexican TV show 'Hoy' - and recently used her famous behind as a national good luck charm.
Yanet, dubbed "the girl that makes you want to watch the weather" by Playboy and the "sexiest weathergirl on the planet" by international media, was a willing subject in the unlikely ritual.
(Image: CEN/Hoy)
Yanet even wears a Mexico football shirt over her red dress, before sports pundit Enrique Bermudez de la Serna, in the blue suit, says to the host Jorge Van Rankin: "Give her bum a kick for good luck!"
Van Rankin, who is also proudly sporting a Mexico football shirt, replies: "You are going to do it to me, right?"
While Van Rankin turns Yanet to face the music, the besuited sports pundit playfully kicks the male host up the bum.
(Image: CEN/Hoy)
(Image: CEN/Hoy)
To conclude, Van Rankin apologises to Yanet and lightly kicks her behind. Not one to be left out, Bermudez de la Serna promptly follows suit.
Yanet's beloved Mexico plays their first Group F game against the holders Germany on 17th June.
Mexico also has to play Sweden and South Korea in the group stage.
Last year Yanet delighted her fans with a video of her posing in racy lingerie.
The stunning meteorologist was wearing nothing by a red skimpy one piece as she takes the audience on a tour of her home.
The meteorologist, from Monterrey, Nuevo León, in Mexico arches her back and pouts at the camera as her pomeranian dog is seen at her feet.
At the end of the video Yanet blows a kiss to her audience before giving a wave and disappearing off screen.
The video has been viewed more than 600,000 times since it was uploaded on Thursday.
(Image: Instagram)
The TV presenter shot to fame in 2015 after fans in Mexico shared photos and videos of her on social media - with many comparing her to Kim Kardashian.
Her popularity meant that the local weather show she presented - Televisa Monterrey news - became an online sensation.
However she recently announced she had decided to leave the job and was planning to move to America to learn English.
She was then seen at New York Comic Con in October where she turned up in disguise as Batgirl.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: Instagram/iamyanetgarcia)
She arrived with her professional Call of Duty player boyfriend Doug Censor Martin, who was dressed as Superman.
She can be seen dressed in black and with a Batbelt and mask.
While Yanet has won a lot of fans she has also received a lot of criticism over her clothing while presenting, with many declaring it's too risque for a morning TV show.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: Yanet Garcia/Instagram)
Others claimed that she only had her good looks and figure from plastic surgery.
Her fame is such that each time she posts a new sexy photograph it often ends up the subject of the news headlines, such as the latest photograph of herself in a small thong taken in a bathroom.
More recently, she was in the headlines after sharing a selfie with tight shorts, sparking debate over her bottom.
GERMANY have grabbed a 2-1 lead over Australia in their Davis Cup first-round tie in Brisbane, with Matthew Ebden and John Peers losing the crucial doubles rubber in five sets.
The visitors sprang a late change on Saturday, replacing Peter Gojowczyk with Jan-Lennard Struff. But, it was doubles partner Tim Puetz who proved the difference in the 6-4 6-7 (1-7) 6-2 6-7 (4-7) 6-4 win at Pat Rafter Arena.
World No.14 Nick Kyrgios and rookie Alex de Minaur must win their reverse singles rubbers on Sunday for Australia to move through to April's quarter-finals.
Australian No.1 Kyrgios will take on world No.5 Alex Zverev, while debutant de Minaur - just 18 - is set to face Struff.
Camera Icon Matt Ebden, left, and John Peers of Australia talk tactics in their doubles match. Picture: AP
Australian team captain Lleyton Hewitt hinted he might have played in Saturday's doubles but resisted the temptation, pairing Ebden with world No.4 doubles specialist Peers.
The pair showed former world No.1 Hewitt's trademark fight, clawing their way back from two sets to one down to force the Germans to scramble.
But it was 30-year-old journeyman Puetz - in just his second Cup tie - who stood tall, thrashing forehand winner after forehand winner as Germany prevailed in a rubber lasting almost four hours.
Puetz's heroics helped Germany to notch 22 forehand winners to Australia's seven in the match.
Puetz - a lowly No.144 in the doubles rankings - made his Cup debut last year when he combined with Struff to deliver a key five-set doubles win against Portugal to help Germany seal victory.
- AAP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman threatened to kill everyone on a flight after she was caught smoking on board an aircraft.
In a bizarre, major meltdown caught by another passenger on their phone, she screams "I will kill everyone on this plane".
The airline confirmed she had been caught smoking on board and tampering with a smoke detector in the plane's bathroom.
It seems the woman in sunglasses was not too happy to be told to stub it out.
The incredible incident is said to have happened on an aircraft flying from Portland to Sacramento, US, a journey which takes around an hour and 23 minutes.
Local news station KOIN5 reported that she was seen with a lit cigarette on Saturday.
She was escorted to law enforcement upon landing, Southwest Airlines confirmed.
In a statement, Southwest Airlines said: "Our crew in command of Flight 2943 travelling from Portland on Saturday afternoon safely landed on-time in Sacramento following an in-flight disturbance.
"Our reports from flight attendants indicate a customer violated federal laws by both smoking on board an aircraft and by tampering with a smoke detector in an aircraft restroom.
"Our crew enforced the regulation and that was followed by the passenger outburst.
"The safety of our crew and passengers is our top priority and we take all threats seriously.
"The pilots declared an emergency to receive priority handling from air traffic controllers, and our crew handled the situation on board until the plane landed and local authorities stepped in.
"The flight carried 136 customers and a crew of five."
Patna: After trailing in the initial round of counting, the opposition RJD has established a comfortable lead over the ruling JD-U in the bypolls to the Jokihat Assembly seat in Bihar on Thursday, according to Election Commission officials.
After 10 rounds of the ongoing ballot counting, Rashtriya Janata Dal candidate Shahbawaz Alam established the comfortable lead over Janata Dal-United`s Murshid Alam.
The Jokikhat seat fell vacant following the resignation of JD-U MLA Sarfaraz Alam, who joined the RJD.
A third Independent candidate Mohammad Shabbir is also in the fray.
Voting for the seat took place on Monday.
The JD-U was backed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), while the RJD had the support of the Congress and Hindustani Awam Morcha (Secular) of former Chief Minister of Jitan Ram Manjhi.
Jokihat is a Muslim-dominated Assembly constituency, considered stronghold of former Union Minister and Shahnawaz Alam`s father Mohammad Taslimuddin, who died last year leading to bypolls in Araria Lok Sabha seat.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Overall W L T Pts GF GA W L T Clarkson 8 0 0 16 34 11 15 3 1 Union (NY) 6 2 0 12 27 19 10 7 1 Cornell 5 1 0 10 19 12 10 2 0 Colgate 4 1 1 9 14 10 8 6 4 Brown 4 6 0 8 24 31 5 7 1 Harvard 4 3 0 8 24 14 4 5 1 Yale 4 6 0 8 29 29 5 7 0 Princeton 3 5 1 7 31 31 6 7 1 Quinnipiac 3 5 1 7 22 23 6 10 2 Dartmouth 2 4 1 5 11 24 2 7 1 RPI 2 5 1 5 22 33 3 11 3 St. Lawrence 0 7 1 1 12 32 1 14 1
___
Friday's Games
Maine 7, Quinnipiac 4
Clarkson 3, St. Lawrence 1
UConn 4, Colgate 2
Princeton 4, Arizona St. 0
Saturday's Games
Maine 5, Quinnipiac 3
Union (N.Y.) 4, Holy Cross 2
Brown 2, Vermont 2
Clarkson 4, St. Lawrence 2
Bentley 5, Dartmouth 1
Yale 2, Sacred Heart 1
Arizona St. 4, Princeton 3, OT
Sunday's Game
UMass at Union (N.Y.), 5 p.m.
Friday, Dec. 15
Dartmouth at Denver, 9:05 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Dartmouth at Denver, 9:05 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage former contestant on Britain's Got Talent will be among the performers at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding, it was confirmed.
Cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason today revealed Meghan had called him personally to ask him to play on the couple's big day.
The 19-year-old competed alongside his siblings on the show in 2015, and the following year was named the BBC Young Musician of the Year.
He posted on Twitter after the news broke: "I'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding.
"I was bowled over when Ms Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes!!! What a privilege. I can't wait!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: PA)
Sheku will be joined by Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, who have been performing all over the world for 20 years.
Karen is a judge on Gareth Malone show The Choir.
(Image: PA)
She said: "The Kingdom Choir is truly honoured to be invited to sing at the wedding of Prince Harry and Ms. Markle, and very excited to be taking part in such a historic moment. It will be a moment that we will always treasure, and we'd like to take the opportunity to wish the couple all the very best for their coming union."
Music will be overseen by James Vivian, Director of Music at St George's Chapel, where the ceremony will be held.
Welsh soprano Elin Manahan Thomas will also perform, as will trumpet player David Blackadder.
The musicians were announced on the Kensington Palace Twitter feed today.
The couple will marry on May 19 at St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Summer is still in full swing and everyone is loving the fresh seafood available out there. Traveling Epicurean Michel Vejar shares recipe for oysters in pernod sauce with fresh spinach.
Vejar recreated this recipe 16 years ago to match a dish she had in New Orleans in 2001.
Ingredients:
1/2 pint shucked oysters, fresh or frozen (12 oysters)
1 package 5 oz. fresh spinach
1 bottle clam juice plus juice from oysters
1 1/2 cup heavy cream or can of coconut cream
1 cup half and half or 1 cup coconut milk
1/2 cup Pernod plus 1 tsp to add at the end for extra flavor
1/2 cup Vermouth or white wine
1/4 cup plum tomatoes (pureed)
1 garlic clove thru garlic press
2 dashes Siracha
1/4 cup grated Reggiano Parmesan cheese
1/2 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
1/4 tsp onion granules
1/4 tsp garlic granules
1 bunch fresh rosemary tied off with string
2 bay leaves
1 tbsp Wondra flour
Directions:
Sauté/steam spinach for 3 minutes with 2 tbsp water Immediately remove spinach to a bowl of ice water to shock, stop the cooking and keep vibrant green color Place spinach in a small strainer to squeeze out water then place into a small bowl with paper towels to remove any excess water Add all the above ingredients except grated cheese, oysters and spinach to a large sauté pan Bring to a low simmer, keep simmering on low, stir every 10 minutes for 40 minutes (Do not boil) Remove rosemary bundle and bay leaves Stir in the grated cheese Then stir in oysters and spinach Warm through only just to gently cook oysters and serve with hearty dense Italian bread or rice noodles. Makes 6 appetizers or 4 entree plates
HELSINKI (AP) — Finland has become the first country in Europe to pay its unemployed citizens a basic monthly income, amounting to 560 euros ($587), in a social experiment hoped to cut government red tape, reduce poverty and boost employment.
Olli Kangas from the Finnish government agency KELA said Monday that the two-year trial with the 2,000 randomly picked citizens who receive unemployment benefits kicked off Jan. 1.
Those 2,000 unemployed chosen will receive 560 euros every month, with no reporting requirements on how they spend it. The amount will be deducted from any benefits they already receive.
The unemployment rate of Finland, a nation of 5.5 million, stood at 8.1 percent in November with some 213,000 people without a job — unchanged from the previous year.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island couples aren't official until they have sex in the ITV2 villa.
And in last night's episode, TWO of the couples finally sealed the deal.
Amber Davies and Kem Cetinay were seen getting it on in the bedroom.
And meanwhile, birthday girl Jessica Shears was getting her present from Dom Lever in the Hideaway.
In tonight's show, the boys came jumping and skipping out of their separate rooms with HUGE smiles on their faces.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
They high-fived and jumped on the bed, as if they couldn't believe their luck.
Love Island viewers were in hysterics at the boys' reactions, with many saying it was as if they'd just lost their virginities!
Jake Quickenden said: "Dom and Kem man have they just lost there virginity (sic)?"
Another added: "I've never laughed so much at kem & dom (sic)."
Along with a load of laughing emojis, Vicky Pattison shared: "Dom and kem legit acting like the first geezers to ever have sex."
Before having sex, Jessica had previously told Dom they wouldn't be sleeping together in the house because her grandma was watching - and she "doesn't believe in sex before marriage" - despite a sex tape leaked of her.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Dom had also written her a romantic poem for her 24th birthday which he read out in front of everyone.
Jessica also said that the poem would "make any girls' knickers" drop.
*Love Island continues on ITV2 tomorrow at 9pm
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday chaired a meeting in Islamabad to discuss the current security situation in the country.
The recent Lahore blast and the Quetta blast were also discussed.
He said, “The state has zero tolerance policy when it comes to these terror attacks.”
The PM strongly condemned the attacks in Mohmand Agency, Lahore, Peshawar and Quetta.
The people in the country have sacrificed their lives in these terror attacks. The authorities are continuously in a fight against terror.
Chief of Army Staff General Qamar Zaman Bajwa, Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar and Finance Minister Ishaq Dar were also present at the meeting.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Clockwork Orange Michael van Gerwen was the darling clementine of Alexandra Palace as he romped to his second world title.
Dutch destroyer Van Gerwen crushed Gary Anderson 7-3 in the most one-sided William Hill PDC World Championship final for five years and complete a clean sweep of major TV titles.
In the first meeting of the world's top two since Phil Taylor hammered Raymond van Barneveld 7-1 in 2009, MVG was simply unstoppable, irresistible, invincible.
Anderson's first defeat at Ally Pally in 18 matches was no disgrace – but in the end, it was almost procession.
If there was a sense of anti-climax, take nothing away from the force of nature which blew away braveheart Anderson.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Getty Images)
And in the end, the only drama was an audacious attempt by a tanked-up spectator to try and steal the Sid Waddell Trophy from its plinth when Van Gerwen was about to throw, needing 115 for the title.
Good luck trying to nick that trophy, you twerp. It's made of Eritrean marble and it weighs half a ton.
Security bouncers were on to the intruder in a flash, and although Van Gerwen was temporarily distracted and lost the ninth set, it only delayed the inevitable.
He took out 85 on bullseye to earn the right to lift the trophy as a two-time champion and now, at 27, the mind boggles what Van Gerwen could go on to achieve.
MVG, who averaged an impressive 108.06, admitted: “That was a bit sad – you always get people like that who try to be funny, but he's not allowed to do that and he probably won't see another darts match in his life.
“I have fought so hard for this and now I have a full set of the major trophies, but this is the one that matters most of all.”
In the finest hail of arrows since William the Conqueror's game of archery with King Harold at Hastings, the Dutchman's barrage was relentless.
Anderson and MVG shared a world record 42 maximum 180s between them, taking the tournament's overall aggregate to an unprecedented 708.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Getty Images)
But Van Gerwen doesn't just lob tungsten toothpicks at a dartboard – his spears come straight from Rorke's Drift.
He won a staggering 25 tournaments in 2016, and only two people beat him on TV in the calendar year – James Wade in the Premier League round robin phase and Phil Taylor in the inaugural Champions League of Darts.
That Shrek-green shirt has become one of the most recognisable sporting jerseys, like the Tour de France leader's fabled maillot jaune or the Black rugby top.
Anderson had not lost since he surrendered a 3-1 lead against Van Gerwen in the third round here three years ago, embarking on a record 17-match winning streak.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Steve Welsh/William Hill)
(Photo: Steve Welsh/William Hill)
Although MVG was first to blink on his own serve, from 2-1 down he rattled off 14 of the next 16 legs to go 6-2 ahead.
The world's top two had met twice in major TV finals in 2015, Anderson winning the Premier League play-offs 11-7 and Van Gerwen coming back from 10-7 down to win the European Championship 11-10.
But after a bristling start, the Flying Scotsman's boiler ran short of fire. Van Gerwen doesn't humiliate opponents, but he does annihilate them because he fires off his arrows so quickly there is no time to recover.
Google Fiber won't be offering packages of traditional television service in the future. In a recent blog post, the company has said it's focusing on its main goal—"to bring superfast Internet to more people."
When Fiber gets to its newest markets in Louisville and San Antonio, it's going to just offer Internet, without the traditional TV packages.
Further Reading AT&T's attempt to stall Google Fiber construction thrown out by judge "[M]ore and more people are moving away from traditional methods of viewing television content," writes Google's Cathy Fogler. "Customers today want to control what, where, when, and how they get content. They want to do it their way, and we want to help them."
Google will continue to offer TV service in markets where it has already been offered, even though, as Fogler notes, more customers are choosing Internet-only options.
Customers that pay for traditional TV are a relatively small part of Google Fiber's customer base. The last reliable estimate, published earlier this year by DSLReports, shows that the service has just over 84,000 paying TV customers—although the meaning of that number is hard to decipher given that Google doesn't report the number of overall broadband subscribers.
The move away from traditional TV is getting a little shove from Google, as well. Google Fiber customers in Charlotte will see the price of their TV plans increase by $20 next year, while new customers will pay $30 more, the Charlotte Observer reported earlier this week. The prices for Internet-only customers haven't changed since the product launched in 2012.
NEW LONDON, Conn. (WTNH) — New London Police have made an arrest in connection with a fatal stabbing that took place Sunday night.
At approximately 8:35 p.m. on Sunday night, New London Police officers were dispatched to 39 Tilley Street. Upon their arrival, they found an adult male lying on the steps inside a home with a stab wound to the upper chest.
Officials say the male was transported to Lawrence and Memorial Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead.
Along with police, officials say New London police detectives and New London States Attorney's office responded to the scene.
Police were able to locate and arrest the suspect who was identified as Patrick McInerny, 44, of New London. McInenery is charged with murder and is due in court Monday morning.
The identification of the victim has not been released at this time.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thomas Tuchel has suggested that Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's body language was the reason he was hooked from Borussia Dortmund's defeat at Benfica.
Dortmund suffered a 1-0 defeat at the Estadio da Luz on Tuesday night after Kostas Mitroglou struck early in the second half.
Aubameyang missed a penalty - seeing his effort saved straight down the middle - after squandering a host of clear-cut chances and he was subsequently withdrawn in the 62nd minute.
The decision raised eyebrows given Aubameyang's importance to the side, not to mention his 21 goals in all competitions this season.
But Tuchel told UEFA.com: "Aubameyang is not fully fit after the African Nations Cup and his body language did not suggest that he would do better after giving away the penalty.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Alexandre Simoes)
"I don't think he had a problem with the substitution."
Tuchel could hardly believe his side drew a blank in Portugal, having racked up 12 goal attempts to the home side's two.
Ousmane Dembele, Marco Reus and Christian Pulisic were among those who had chances to drag Dortmund back into the match but they will have to wait for Benfica to visit the Westfalenstadion to put things right.
"It is an extremely complicated result, but I am very proud of how we played," said Tuchel.
"Even though I am very disappointed, I am proud of how we presented ourselves. I don't think we played well, I think we played outstandingly. It's only possible in football to play this well and to still lose. Luckily, there's a return leg for such games."
Benfica boss Rui Vitoria agreed his side may have been outplayed but had a more nuanced take on proceedings.
He saw much to praise in his team's plucky rearguard, not least the stout performance of goalkeeper Ederson, who did as much as Aubameyang to keep Dortmund off the scoresheet.
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
"It was a tasty victory for sure, speaking of justice after a game like this is tricky," he told UEFA.
"I agree that Dortmund is a strong opponent and that they had the best of this game. We lacked something in the defensive process during the first half, but changed at half-time. Besides that, we analysed that set pieces could be a way of hurting Dortmund and it worked.
"We fought, gave our best, and victories are also made of that. Congratulations to Ederson too, a keeper who showed his quality once again, this time against a team that scored so many goals in the group stage."
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
A long time fan of my YouTube channel wrote me this yesterday:
Hello, I love your videos and watch almost every one. We live in a very white state. 3.5% of our population is African American. Luckily as an IR couple we have had very few issues except my family. After 7 years together I don't even notice the looks anymore. Two weeks ago I had a sobering experience, or at least my wife did. I was being escorted by wife to get an outpatient surgery. The nurse told my wife to wait in the waiting area until I was done and they would come and get her when I was waking up. As I was waking up the nurse asked me if I was ready for my wife to come and sit by me, yes I was ready. After some time she arrived, but she was upset. After some time se told me what happened. When the attendant went out to page my wife, calling for the wife of James, my wife stood up next to her ready to follow her. The Staff member put her hand gently on my wife's shoulder and said “Oh no, not you honey”. My wife had to insist that she be escorted to me. The nurse again called for the escort person to James. When no one else stepped up she brought my wife to me. I am sure the employee felt some shame in her mistake, for the offence was clear.
I complained to the office manager and she assured me there would be additional training to staff. I don't know if this is a case of racism of just an issue of ignorance. I can imagine there are couples out there that have had much worse experiences that we just had. I would like to hear your advise to us mixed couples on dealing with public perceptions. How to prepare for them and how to avoid them. Thanks “J”
You want my advice? Pursue sanctions against the nurse and the hospital. Why? In this day and age when interracial marriages make up 15% of new marriages, there is NO EXCUSE for that nurse's–and by extension, the hospital–to treat your wife like there's no way she could be married to you. Going through surgery can be a stressful experience, and there's a reason why spouses are allowed and encouraged to be there when patients awake from anesthesia. These days, with all this awareness of treating all couples with dignity and equality, a HOSPITAL, which serves the ENTIRE community has no business employing pushy nurses with outdated, bigoted ideas. To me, a verbal apology isn't enough. I would demand an apology letter and take this incident to the hospital president. This type of presumption from hospital staff should not be tolerated and be called out. This is not 1955.
More on this later on a YouTube video commentary. Make sure you subscribe. Click here.
LONG JOURNEY: Lorraine Walton was living and loving her life in Paris when she was diagnosed with cancer. Her story, in her own words, is published in a new book some 30 years later.
LONG JOURNEY: Lorraine Walton was living and loving her life in Paris when she was diagnosed with cancer. Her story, in her own words, is published in a new book some 30 years later. Scott Powick
"I keep getting these very strange feelings that everyone will read my diary. Not that I mind - I don't - because I think it would be rather fun, but I just get these strange feelings that I'm going to die over here and never see anyone I love again. It's very real. It's like I have a secret no one else knows. But whatever happens, I know I'll be fine and I want you to know that too. Maybe I'm just feeling fearful or apprehensive. It's strange... I feel like I'm writing this for someone else to read.
Lorraine Walton, 25 March, 1980
THERE'S nothing quite as strong as a parent's love for their child, or as deep as their grief should their child pass away before their time.
It was that grief that led Banora Point woman Yvonne Walton to compile and publish the memoir of her daughter, Lorraine Walton, who tragically died some 34 years ago after contracting melanoma.
A vivacious, beautiful and loving woman, Lorraine was on the adventure of a lifetime, travelling the world, when tragedy struck. It was in the early 1980s when she was first diagnosed with a rare form of skin cancer, one that led to her untimely demise in August 1984.
Always harbouring a love of writing and a desire to be an author, Lorraine was a good communicator, sending countless letters home to her mum and sister, Barbara, while keeping a diary to record and explore her innermost thoughts.
It is her journey of self-discovery, one with which we can all identify, that is followed in the poignant and touching memoir titled Lorraine - A Free Spirit, co-written and published by her mother some 30 years later.
Yvonne Walton has just published a book which collates diary entries from her other daughter Lorraine who died while overseas in Europe 30 years ago.This story is the words of Lorraine, 30 years later Scott Powick
Yvonne Walton had kept every one of the numerous letters and postcards she received from her adventurous daughter, compiled and sent while she was living and working in Paris. A free spirit, Lorraine's dream had always been to travel the world, to see seek out new pastures and to have fun.
And fun she was having. After qualifying as a teacher in Sydney, Lorraine packed her bags and decided to head to Europe: a rite of passage for many Australians. There, living and working as an English teacher in Paris, she fell in love with a Frenchman and was engaged to be married.
Her love of writing, and her love for her mum and sister, ensured her adventures and mishaps were well recorded, through a barrage of letters, postcards and diary entries, in an age before email and social media. Knowing her daughter may one day like to publish a book, and upon the suggestion of Lorraine, Yvonne kept every one of those communications, fastidiously filing them in date order and storing them in her study over the years.
Yvonne Walton, who with the help of her daughter Barbara Croghan, has just published a book collating diary entries from her other daughter Lorraine who died while overseas in Europe 30 years ago.This story is Lorraine's, 30 years later. Scott Powick
It is these voluminous files - all five of them - that form the basis of Lorraine's memoir.
"All I had to do was compile them," said Yvonne, now 91.
"They are absolutely priceless. To see the book published it just makes it complete for me. She (Lorraine) would have loved that. She just loved to write, to put her thoughts and feelings and ideas down on paper. It's Rainey's story and she tells it herself. I just compiled it."
The story tells the tale of a young woman, her journey through life, and love, before being diagnosed with melanoma.
It tells the story of her struggle to fight cancer, her ups and downs and her ultimate demise, passing away in the US city of San Diego in August 1984.
"Compiling the book was like a healing for me," Yvonne said.
"It was quite cathartic, we had lots of laughs and many tears. It is a story of life."
Yvonne Walton has just published a book which collates diary entries from her other daughter Lorraine who died while overseas in Europe 30 years ago.This story is the words of Lorraine, 30 years later Scott Powick
The book, published and for sale online and in bookshops on the Tweed and Gold Coast, has already resonated with readers across the world.
"We've had a number of notes from random people who found this story resonated with them," said Barbara Croghan, Lorraine's younger sister.
"We heard from a man in Ireland who had done similar things to Rainey. He was looking to write his own memoir when he stumbled across her story."
For Yvonne, publishing the book helps fulfil Lorraine's desire to one day become an author.
"There would be a lot in the book for a lot of people: people with cancer, people who love to travel, love and romance and all the misadventures and scrapes she got into in Paris. She lived life to the full, as short as it was. Intuitively, she might have known her life would be short," she said.
To purchase the book, visit www.lorrainefreespirit.com
A LUNAR eclipse is nothing unusual. Usually. But the one due on July 28 is somewhat different. It will fall under the Earth's shadow for four hours.
The eclipse totality - when the pall of Earth's shadow completely blanks out what would otherwise be the Moon's silvery surface - will last one hour and 43 minutes.
That will make it the longest Lunar eclipse to be experienced this century.
And most of the world will get to see it.
The January blue blood supermoon as seen from The Strand in Townsville. Photo: Grace Hayes
While the best viewing will be from eastern Africa, the Middle East and parts of Europe and Asia, Australia will not miss out.
The moon will be low on our horizon when it starts to go dark.
And it will set while completely immersed in a dull-red stain.
This is because the only sunlight to reach the moon will be bounced from the upper atmosphere of regions experiencing sunset or sunrise. And just as these daily events are accompanied by the reddish hues of refracted sunlight, that's what will reach the moon.
Lunar eclipses generally last much longer than their solar counterpart. The shadow cast by the moon is much smaller than that produced by our own planet.
The outcome is generally that a solar eclipse is only seen by a relative few who fall beneath the moon's masking orb. But the night-time transformation of the moon into a bloody-red orb can be seen by anyone on the Earth below while it is night.
A super blue blood moon earlier this year earned its enticing name through a series of coincidences. It was closer to the Earth than usual (not that you'd notice). It was also the second full moon for the month (an artefact of our Gregorian calendar).
But it was red. And that makes it spooky.
This time around, the moon will be at apogee - the furthest point in its orbit from the Earth. This means it will be passing through space at a point where the cone of Earth's shadow is wider - making the eclipse last longer.
According to NASA, its one hour 43 minute duration is just four minutes off its maximum possible duration.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
In September 2017, Sweden hosted Exercise Aurora, its largest military exercise in nearly 25 years. The exercise involved nearly 30 per cent of the Swedish Armed Forces, as well as troop contributions from NATO Allied and partner countries - which joined on a bilateral basis. The goal of the exercise was to build a stronger defence and increase capability to face an attack. As well as taking place in Stockholm and Gothenburg regions, the exercise featured air, land and sea assets on the island of Gotland and in the Stockholm archipelago. Aurora also featured collaboration between the military and the civilian emergency services.
Footage includes various shots of exercise Aurora in locations across Sweden.
Teaser: Sweden has hosted its largest military exercise for almost 25 years. Exercise Aurora involved air, land and sea assets, and focused on defending the Baltic Sea region together with NATO Allied and partner countries.
Philip Acinapuro, Sr., Garden City: The defending county champion in foil went 25-1 in dual meets last season.
Steven Grams, Jr., Great Neck South: Won the county title in epee last season and went 21-0 in dual meets.
Jake Hempe, Jr., Newfield: The Long Island fencer of the year in 2017, Hempe went 45-1 in dual meets and won the county title in foil.
Ben Rogak, Jr., Ward Melville: Went 28-3 in epee and won the individual county title while leading Ward Melville to another team championship.
Edmond Wu, Sr., Great Neck South: Won the county title in sabre and went 24-8 in dual meets last season.
Ouagadougou: Suspected jihadists killed at least 17 people and wounded eight during a raid on a restaurant in Burkina Faso`s capital on Sunday, the communications` minister said, as security forces at the scene tried to end the attack.
A Reuters witness saw customers running out of the Aziz Istanbul restaurant in Ouagadougou as police and paramilitary gendarmerie surrounded it amid gunfire.
"This is a terrorist attack," Communications Minister Remi Dandjinou told a news conference. He said the toll was provisional because the security operation was still underway.
A woman said she was in the restaurant celebrating her brother`s birthday when the shooting started.
"I just ran but my brother was left inside," the woman told Reuters TV as she fled the building.
Burkina Faso, like other countries in West Africa, has been targeted sporadically by jihadist groups operating across Africa`s Sahel. Most attacks have been along its remote northern border region with Mali, which has seen attacks by Islamist militants for more than a decade.
Thirty people were killed when gunmen attacked a restaurant and hotel in Ouagadougou in January 2016 in an incident claimed by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb.
A new al Qaeda-linked alliance of Malian jihadist groups claimed an attack in June that killed at least five people at a luxury Mali resort popular with Western expatriates just outside the capital, Bamako.
African nations launched a new multinational military force to tackle Islamist militants in the Sahel last month, but it won`t be operational until later this year and faces a budget shortfall.
Athletics as escapism makes sense. A recent New York Times op-ed writer reminded us that that talking sports offers a "way for people who have diametrically opposed politics to share a beer at a bar."
Well, if you enjoy sports only as an escape from political give and take, there's some bad news: You can no longer enjoy the NBA.
Take this past Wednesday, which began with LeBron James — the defending NBA champ — addressing Donald Trump's travel ban head on. "I stand with the many, many Americans who believe this does not represent what the United States is all about," James told The Hollywood Reporter. "We should continue to speak out about it."
That same day, Steph Curry — the defending MVP — publicly parted ways with the CEO of Under Armour, his corporate partner, who'd called Trump an "asset" to America. "I agree with the description," Curry told The Mercury News. "If you remove the '-et' from asset."
At first, this might just sound like defiance from a couple of athletes. But listen to their bosses.
Listen to Golden State coach Steve Kerr, whose own father was killed in a terror event in Beirut in 1984, discuss the travel ban two weeks ago.
"Having lost my father, if we're trying to combat terrorism by banishing people from coming to this country, it's the wrong way to go about it," Kerr said.
And there's San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich taking on America's racial divide this month.
"It's a tough one because people don't really want to face it. And it's in our national discourse," he said. "I mean, we have a president of the United States who spent four or five years disparaging and trying to illegitimize our president."
Now, basketball has not always been our most political sport. In the 1990s, Charles Barkley offered a rather different assessment of his public platform: "I am not a role model. I am not paid to be a role model."
NBA was where Michael Jordan, Barkley's teammate on the '92 Dream Team, reportedly backed away from endorsing a Democrat, saying, "Republicans buy sneakers, too." [Editor's note: This Jordan quote has been questioned as apocryphal.]
But '92 was actually a turning point.
That Olympic "dream team" exported basketball across the planet, bringing about a new age for the game and making basketball our most cosmopolitan and personality-driven sport.
Three-fourths of the league today is black. One-fourth of the league is foreign-born. Two NBA players, Luol Deng and Thon Maker, were born in Sudan, but to us they're just NBA players.
Yes, baseball may be our national pastime, and football our national addiction. But the NBA is our nation itself: an outspoken, melting pot of a family — whether you enjoy that, or not.
Tech Sgt. Ronald Gowen, a logistician assigned to the 387th Air Expeditionary Squadron, guides a mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicle into the cargo area of a C-17 Globemaster III at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia Nov. 4, 2016. Gowen leads a small Quick Response Team comprised of five specialized aerial port personnel to provide rapid response in support of various requirements around the region.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.03.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082891 VIRIN: 161104-F-CA297-066 Resolution: 4608x3072 Size: 1.11 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Airmen's skills vital to the joint fight [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With the Cheltenham Festival fast approaching, racing fans are beginning to ready their betting pencils ahead of the big meet.
Thousands are expected to tune in to the going's on at Prestbury Park racecourse as it kicks off in March.
And come festival week, all eyes will be on it's big prize as the Gold Cup race returns.
Last year saw Robbie Power romp to victory on the back of Sizing John to beat pre-race favourites Djakadam and Cue Card.
Here's all you need to know about this years race...
(Image: PA)
When is it?
The Cheltenham festival begins on Tuesday 13th March, with the first race going off at 13:30pm.
The festival ends after the last race on Friday 16th March has finished - which has a scheduled start time of 17:30pm.
As usual the showpiece Gold Cup will take it's customary slot of 15:30pm on that Friday 16th.
*All times listed are GMT
(Image: REUTERS)
What channel is it on?
ITV Racing are covering every day and every race of the festival, so you need look no further than that for your viewing needs.
Those on Sky and Virgin need to tune into channel 103.
We will also be covering the action here on Mirror Sport, so keep an eye on the live blog which will be available to view on the day.
Who's running?
(Image: PA)
Well the runners and riders have not yet been 100% confirmed, due to the fact the festival is not for a few weeks yet, but some usual suspects are expected to be involved.
Sizing John is expected to be back to defend his crown, as are last years runners-up Minella Rocco and Native River.
And Might Bite has emerged as one of the favoured choices following his win in the King George stakes at Kempton in December, with Nico de Boinville expected to be in the saddle.
As for the other jockeys, providing all is well you can be sure that Ruby Walsh will be involved, as well as last year's winning jockey Robbie Power.
Betting odds
(Image: Getty Images)
Early bookmaker odds from William Hill for the big race can be found here.
They've gone a healthy 7/1 for Sizing John to be the first horse since Best Mate in 2004 to retain his Gold Cup title.
The aforementioned Might Bite is currently out in front as the favourite at odds as low as 3/1.
Last years pre-race favourites Djakadam and Cue Card are not fancied as well this time round with current odds of 33/1 and 50/1 respectively.
Elsewhere previous winner Coneygree is out at 40/1 to reclaim his 2015 crown.
*All odds are correct at time of publishing. Please remember to gamble responsibly.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alex Winter has described the impact of being abused as a young boy.
The Bill and Ted actor - who played Bill alongside Keanu Reeves' Ted - admitted that he wasn't able to tell his "potentially dangerous secret" at the time.
" It's hellish, to be totally frank. You know, it's hellish," he told BBC 5 live.
But he explained that playing the larger-than-life Bill S. Esquire in the 1987 was "therapeutic" for him.
"For me personally, in terms of the experience, you know, it was an opportunity to just be child-like, and play, and [be] innocent and sweet, and it was really, really helpful for me mentally. And it was a great environment," he said.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: MGM)
"Keanu and I were close. The director, and all of us, were close, the producers, we were, we all very young, we all had each other's backs. It was a very safe, familial environment," he continued.
He explained that abuse was a "taboo" in the 1980s and 90s but now Hollywood has a "very different culture".
He admitted that in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal, society has changed and now there is a "lot more freedom" to talk about abuse.
"I didn't feel that I had any place of safety to unlock an extremely sensitive and potentially dangerous secret," he said.
(Image: REX Features)
He explained: "Because I was a kid, had I been older, had I had more resources, had I had, I had... right?
"Every victim goes through this whether they're a child or an adult rape victim, you go through this over and over again and all of that was irrelevant because I only had the resources that I had, I only had the abilities I had and it was absolutely taboo in the popular vernacular so I didn't feel that I had any place of safety to unlock an extremely sensitive and potentially dangerous secret.
"Because there is a power dynamic that does put you in a position where you're afraid for your own safety so there's that on top of the taboo nature of being public.
(Image: Jane O'neal/Warner Bros./Getty Images)
"Had I existed in a culture like the one that's happening at this moment, I mean that's a very different culture, if you feel like that sort of thing is now being spoken about in a much more open and accepting way on a societal level, it gives you a lot more freedom to just tell anybody.
"Even if it's just because usually you're not telling anybody, I mean nobody and that's a very dangerous place to be in mentally."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An evil stepdad raped and abused his two daughters for years, fathering eight children by them, a court has heard.
The disturbing case came before a jury in the Queens district of New York.
The man denied raping the girls repeatedly when they were under the age of 15 between 2005 and 2008.
He was found guilty following a trial in which the girls' mother gave evidence for the defence, the New York Daily News reports.
She said she had not witnessed any of the offending, while the man tried to convince jurors the victims had consented.
The abuse only came to light when the older sibling raised the alarm at school and police were brought in.
The stepdad, who has not been named to protect his victims, will be sentenced next month and faces 175 years in jail, the Daily News reports.
JIMMY Paypa attempts to end unbeaten Russian prospect Shavkat Rakhimov's streak against Pinoy fighters as they are slated to face each other next month in Russia.
Paypa, the former World Boxing Organization (WBO) Oriental super bantamweight champion, faces off with Rakhimov in a 10-rounder in one of the undercard bouts of the show headlined by former world titleholder Evgeny Gradovich vs. Colombian Hugo Berrio at the DIVS in Ekaterinburg on May 5.
A Pinoy winning in Russia against a Russian is very rare, but Paypa's coach Michael Domingo is confident of his young ward's chances.
“It will be hard to win if it goes the distance. But I have huge faith in Paypa,” Domingo, who was well traveled in his time as a fighter, told SunStar Cebu.
The 22-year-old Rakhimov, who just turned pro two years ago, has already claimed three Filipino victims in his last three fights.
He beat Cebuano Jerry Castroverde in a fourth-round stoppage and Roldan Aldea by a second round knockout last year, and scored a fifth-round stoppage over Jun Doliguez just last February to win the vacant World Boxing Council (WBC) Eurasia Pacific Boxing Council super featherweight belt.
Paypa has trained both in Japan and at the ALA Gym in Cebu for this fight. He served as World Boxing Organization (WBO) No. 6 ranked bantamweight Shohei Omori's main sparring partner along with Joyjoy Formentera for the Japanese pug's title fight with WBO bantamweight Marlon Tapales in Osaka, Japan this weekend. He has also been sparring here in Cebu with stablemates Mark Magsayo, Jeo Santisima and Roli Gasca.
The 23-year-old Paypa is 19-3-1 with seven knockouts, while Rakhimov is 9-0 with seven knockouts.
Also in the same card is Pinoy fighter Eden Sonsona (36-6-2, 13 KOs), who is slated against Evgeny Chuprakov (17-0, 9 KOs) for the latter's WBO Inter-Continental super featherweight belt.
Scottie Lopez, left, and Glenn Greco, both from Delacroix Island, tie up their boats before the Caernarvon floodgate closes in St. Bernard Parish in anticipation of the arrival of Tropical Storm Nate in Caernarvon, La., Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The Advocate via AP Matthew Hinton
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte has told his Chelsea stars to clean up their act.
The Chelsea boss has spoken to his players after seeing four of them sent off in their last three competitive games. Last season the club did not have a single player sent off in the Premier League.
Victor Moses was dismissed in their FA Cup defeat to Arsenal in May. Pedro was sent off in their Community Shield defeat to the Gunners and both Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas saw red in their shock defeat to Burnley on Saturday.
Former captain John Terry was the last Chelsea player to be dismissed in the League, against Sunderland in May 2016.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Conte conducted an inquest with his squad on Monday. He was particularly annoyed by Fabregas' red as he had warned his players at half time not to fall foul of referee Craig Pawson after Cahill's first-half exit.
The champions now have their squad stretched with Eden Hazard and Tiemoue Bakayoko both injured.
Moses is due back for Sunday's game against Spurs while Pedro is also expected to recover from an ankle injury to face last season's runners-up.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says her organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, she says, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's youngest EuroMillions winner was blasted by Loose Women viewers today after insisting her stupendous windfall has ­ruined her life.
Jane Park, who was only 17 when she scooped £1million with her first-ever ticket, was on the ITV daytime show after saying she was considering legal action against lottery bosses for negligence - which she's now said she's not.
Astonishingly, she claims someone her age should not have been allowed to win.
Speaking on Loose Women, she said: "I never realised how difficult it would be. I thought everything would be amazing.
"But, at times, it's completely different to how you'd expect."
(Photo: XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM)
(Photo: XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM)
In a breath-taking whinge about her jackpot, Jane, now 21, recently told the Sunday People the money has made her life ten times worse.
Jane, speaking in the same week she pleaded not guilty in her home city of Edinburgh to a charge of drink ­driving at a McDonald's, said: “At times it feels like winning the lottery has ruined my life.
(Photo: Sunday Mirror)
“I thought it would make it ten times better but it's made it ten times worse.
"I wish I had no money most days. I say to myself, ‘My life would be so much easier if I hadn't won.'
“People look at me and think, ‘I wish I had her lifestyle, I wish I had her money.' But they don't realise the extent of my stress.
“I have material things but apart from that my life is empty. What is my purpose in life?”
Jane added: “I think 18 should be the minimum age for winning the ­lottery, at the least. The current age of 16 is far too young.”
Back in 2013, Jane was a giddy 17-year-old toasting her win with Scottish fizzy pop Irn Bru because she was too young for champagne.
She was working as an admin temp for £8 an hour and living with her mum Linda in a two-bedroom flat on an Edinburgh council estate.
Four years on she feels she never really understood what difference the money would make to her life.
Jane said: “My nana Anne told me, ‘You might as well have given me a gun.' I was like, ‘Nana, what are you talking about? This is the best thing ever?' But now I totally agree.
“She was saying you can't give a 17-year-old that amount of money.”
(Photo: PA)
Camelot, who run EuroMillions in the UK, appointed an ­adviser to help Jane ­manage her new wealth.
But Jane, who now owns two properties and calls herself a developer, insists it was only family advice that stopped her blowing all the money.
She said: “I've read about other lottery ­winners who've just blown it all and I can totally see how it can be done.
“I was stuck in front of a financial adviser who was using words like ­investment bonds. I had no clue what they meant.”
Jane splashed out on treats such as the Louis Vuitton handbag she still carries. She also bought a chihuahua, Princess, who didn't last quite so long.
Jane said: “My dog stays with my auntie but I still go and see her.
“At the time there was too much going on. She didn't like my car and I didn't have time for her.”
That car, an £18,000 purple Range Rover, also failed to bring happiness. Jane sighed and said: “It was flashy and people were always looking at me. But it was far too big.”
And while Jane travelled to the US and the Maldives, she prefers Benidorm and Magaluf.
“I don't go on holiday that much, about four times a year,” she said. “I wait until my friends can go.
“And although I've been to the Maldives I much prefer Benidorm because nobody is looking down at you. You can get as drunk as you want. In the Maldives, you can't go and get absolutely hammered.”
Jane had an 18-month relationship with a local lad but it ended in a bitter row last year.
She said: “I've had s**t relationships and it's left me with a massive guard up. With the last one, I ­showered him with gifts. I thought it would make him happy.
“I bought him a Rolex, a car, clothes every week. I regret it all.”
poll loading Should the minimum age to play the lottery be raised? 500+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
Jane retains a weakness for shoes and bags, wearing her own Christian Louboutin heels for our photoshoot.
But she says: “There's no point in going shopping all the time, you can only order so much. I get sick of it.”
Jane, who calls herself “Jane Sexual Park” on Twitter, also had £4,500 breast implants when she was 18.
She admits she would have had more work if surgeons had allowed it.
“I wanted a quick fix for was my weight but when I spoke to a surgeon he said I wasn't overweight enough to have liposuction,” she moaned.
Last May Jane was fined £110 for assaulting a nightclub doorman.
Next month she is to stand trial for being three times over the drink limit in her BMW in a McDonald's drive-through, a charge she strenuously denies.
Speaking about the assault, she said: “It's my own stupid fault. I should have walked away from the ­situation, but I was young. I'd got all this money and got caught up in a moment.”
Jane parties about three times a week in Edinburgh and Glasgow with the same loyal pals she had before her life changed.
She loves posting glamorous snaps on Instagram and Twitter as well as chatting about her beloved football team Hibernian.
She gets irritated by thick online trolls. She said: “It's the usual stuff – ‘You're fat, you're ugly.'
“The worst was when I said I'd pay for the travel insurance for a young boy who was sick to go to Florida, and a couple of folk said I was just doing it for publicity.”
(Photo: Daily Record)
But Jane can still rely on support from her brothers and sisters – Roxanne, 27, Billy, 19, Gavin, ten and Bradley, one.
She said: “They think my win's ­amazing. They're very supportive of me. But they are very protective too.”
Jane has moved back into a small flat with her mum who does everything for her, including her laundry.
But she said: “It's scary how ­different my life is from my friends'. When they say they're stressed about money they mean their wages are s**t.
“There's no one in the same boat as me, no-one who really understands. I feel like I'm a 40-year-old.”
But has she ever thought of just getting rid of her winnings to relieve herself of the burden?
“What?” Jane laughs incredulously. “Nah.”
A Camelot spokesman said: “An independent financial and legal panel was set up shortly after Jane's win and we put her in touch with another ­winner, who won at the same age, to share their experience.
“We have been in touch with Jane from time to time since her win to ­offer ongoing support. It is always up to the winners as to ­whether they want to take up that support.
“We will continue to support Jane in any way we can if that is what ­decides she wants.”
Camelot said the minimum age limit to play the lottery is a matter for Parliament to rule on.
Some Bay St. Louis residents are unhappy after the Mayor and council voted to replace incumbent school board member Joan Thomas.
Police are investigating a series of fraud offences after wallets were stolen from Raymond Terrace.
It's believed the three wallets and phones were stolen from an oval on Newline Road between 6pm and 7pm last Thursday, before they were used at banks in Raymond Terrace and Newcastle.
Officers are now looking to speak with a man as part of their investigation.
He's described as being of Caucasian appearance, in his 40s or 50s with a stocky build and grey hair.
It's thought the man was driving a new model Holden Commodore.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Stavanger (Norway): Five-time world champion Viswanathan Anand played out an easy draw against American Hikaru Nakamura in the second round of Altibox Norway Chess tournament.
After conceding a draw with white against Levon Aronian of Armenia, Anand got the favour returned although he had to work relatively harder to maintain parity against Nakamura, often termed as his nemesis.
For the record, the American went for a rare sixth move in the Queen's gambit declined and Anand admitted he was 'confused a lot' by this approach. However, as it turned out, the surprise remained just that and did not contain much venom as Anand got a healthy position with some strategic manoeuvres.
Nakamura's attempt at applying pressure met with some perfect response and the pieces treaded almost in a heap as the players reached a perfectly drawn rook and pawns endgame. The peace was signed after 39 moves.
The day did not feature any decisive games and the status quo after the first round remained on what was a pretty dull day. World Champion Magnus Carlsen came up with some fine ?home-work' to draw easily with Sergey Karjakin of Russia.
It was a serious opening novelty that saw Carlsen sacrifice a pawn and equalise completely leading to an endgame out of a Moller variation in the Ruy Lopez.
The world champion however wished it to be more interesting.
"I don't think we should sit here and congratulate ourselves with a novelty that leads to a draw," said Carlsen.
Carlsen continues to lead the tables on 1.5 points after two rounds and a pack of eight players including Anand are right behind him on one point apiece.
Among other games in the day, Fabiano Caruana of the United States was the only one who could apply some pressure and appeared well placed to do some damage control after the opening round loss against Carlsen.
Up against Shakhriyar Mamedyarov of Azerbaijan, Caruana faced the Petroff defense, played aggressively to win a pawn amidst complexities but then blundered almost immediately to let his opponent off the hook.
Ding Liren of China meanwhile took his unbeaten streak to 74 Classical games after a draw with Maxime Vachier-Lagrave of France. The Chinese gave little away as white and remained in control for the major part of this queen pawn game that was drawn vide repetition.
Levon Aronian of Armenia and Wesley So of the United States also split the point in the other game of the day. Seven rounds still remain in the strongest tournament of the year.
Results round 2: Hikaru Nakamura (Usa, 1) drew with V Anand (Ind, 1); Sergey Karjakin (Rus, 1) drew with Magnus Carlsen (Nor, 1.5); Levon Aronian (Arm, 1) drew with Wesley So (Usa, 1); Fabiano Caruana (Usa, 0.5) drew with Shakhriyar Mamedyarov (Aze, 1); Ding Liren (Chn, 1) drew with Maxime Vachier-Lagrave (Fra, 1).
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dozens of Gloucester residents have been turning up at the city council's HQ today only to find the main reception and telephone line closed, according to a Labour councillor.
Live-tweeting from the steps of Gloucester City Council, Councillor Tom Coole claimed more than 60 people arrived at the entrance of the authority's headquarters this morning.
The council has taken the decision to close all non-emergency public queries on the last Wednesday of each month to provide staff training.
But on its first day of such closures, residents were still turning up only to find they could not receive advice on various problems. Mr Coole said one resident was even left in tears.
He also said a delivery driver was unable to hand over a parcel, people turning up for job interviews couldn't get in, and that some residents had taken the day off work especially to use a particular service.
Mr Coole even said he'd been running up and down the building's stairs to find appropriate officers who residents had arrived for appointments with.
One resident told him she had paid for parking and brought her two children in, insisting Google told her Gloucester City Council would be open today.
Mr Coole said another resident had taken the day off work just to apply for a Green Bin.
Councillor Dave Norman (C, Quedgeley Fieldcourt), cabinet member for performance and resources, previously said the decision to close the helpdesk was "necessary" to provide "the best possible service" through training staff.
He said the last Wednesday of every month is one of the authority's quieter days and the closures are due to stay in place on that set day until March 2019.
Leader of the city's Labour Group, Councillor Terry Pullen (Moreland) said: “It is vital that residents have access to council services, and what has happened today has been a failure - I will be pursuing this matter with the cabinet member, and asking him to take action to keep the council open.”
Residents who require emergency housing assistance can call 01452 396538. Emergency support can be accessed on the out of hours helpline on 01452 396220. The main contact centre phone line will not be operational.
Gloucester city Council have been contacted for a response to today's closure.
Previously, Mr Norman said: “Providing the best possible service to our residents is our uppermost priority.
"In order to be able to do this we need our staff to stay on top of all the latest information and advice that is out there.
"Therefore, we have decided it is necessary to close reception on the last Wednesday of every month for staff training.
“We have chosen this day to ensure there is as little inconvenience as possible to our residents as it one of our quieter days.
"We also felt it would be the easiest way for people to adapt rather than having to remember several different opening times.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Melania Trump has finally acknowledged her 'disappearance' after weeks out of the public eye with a tweet - but questions are already being asked over who actually wrote it.
The First Lady was last seen 21 days ago when she joined her husband to meet American hostages coming home from North Korea.
Since then she's been treated at a medical centre for a kidney condition, with the president tweeting his heartfelt congratulations to his wife on her recovery on May 19.
Although he managed to call her Melanie instead of Melania, it was at least an acknowledgement she appeared to be on the mend.
Yesterday, some eleven days later, a message was posted on Mrs Trump's Twitter profile.
Although in recent days she had also posted messages about Memorial Day and America's military, this was the first time she appeared to directly address the speculation on her whereabouts.
(Image: Splash News)
However, the tone and phrasing of the message seemed out of character with many questioning whether she actually wrote it.
A number of the phrases in the tweet not only sound like the sort of thing her husband would say, they actually appeared in previous tweets of his.
"Working overtime" is a common Trump phrase, as is his endless obsession with how the media reports on him and his family.
It didn't take long for people on social media to turn the post into a running joke, with many referencing the fact the message was put up on the same day Kim Kardashian turned up at the White House.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Members of the Coast Guard a part of the Hurricane Maria Response in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico deliver supplies to an orphanage near Air Station Borinquen, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. As part of the Department of Homeland Security team, the Coast Guard is linked directly to FEMA and the overall federal hurricane recovery phase of the response to Hurricane Maria. (U.S. Coast Guard photo by Petty Officer 2nd Class Jonathan Lally)
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain steers his car on the way to getting pole position for the Japanese Formula One Grand Prix at Suzuka Circuit in Suzuka, central Japan, Saturday, Oct. 7, 2017. Toru Takahashi AP Photo
U.S. Air Force Airman 1st Class Bryce Armstrong, an electrical systems journeyman with the 379th Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron, works on a New Year's Eve light up ball that he and Airmen from his unit repaired at Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar, Dec. 21, 2016. This ball will be lowered on New Year's Eve in celebration of the new year. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Cynthia A. Innocenti)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.21.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 08:01 Photo ID: 3082988 VIRIN: 161221-F-SB162-0002 Resolution: 7360x4912 Size: 37.44 MB Location: AL UDEID AIR BASE, QA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Civil engineer Airmen light up the new year [Image 1 of 4], by SrA Cynthia Innocenti, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Horrific photos from the scene of a crash on a Cambridge road show thousands of pounds worth of damage as the road is sealed off by police.
Emergency services are responding to the multi-vehicle collision on Fen Road, which witnesses have described as a 'street race gone wrong.'
Six vehicles were involved in the crash, including a Nissan pick up and a Toyota Landcruiser.
Fen Road, in the East Chesterton area of Cambridge, is one of the city's most notorious roads.
Families living in and around the area have accused police of failing to take action over dangerous driving and a litany of attacks on cyclists and pedestrians .
A witness at the scene said a cordon had been put in place.
She said: "There are loads of police cars and fire engines and they were just putting up a cordon and closing the road but I managed to get through towards the train station.
"I passed six cars that were written off. It's unbelievable on a road like this."
A police spokeswoman said: "We were called at around 7.30pm.
"Six vehicles were involved but it doesn't look like anyone was hurt.
"Fire and ambulance went as well and recovery are there at the moment.
"The driver of one vehicle ran off but their vehicle is still there. Crime scene officers are at the scene."
Witnesses described a 'street race' before taking place before the crash.
Police are appealing for anybody with information to come forward.
Follow our live updates here.
Why the new pound is so secure
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You have just months to spend your traditional round pounds, as the Royal Mint prepares to release a new 12-sided £1 coin.
The new pound has been dubbed the most secure in the world with the distinctive multi-sided shape and dual-metal design helping to prevent counterfeiting.
As well as being made with a gold outer ring and a silver centre, it has a hologram-like image that looks like a '£' symbol or a number '1' when viewing from different angles.
The Mint is due to release 1.5billion of the coins on March 28, 2017. The public are being urged to use their old-style round pounds before the coins lose their legal tender status on October 15, 2017.
Some of the coins returned by the public will be melted down and used to make the new pieces.
Scientist honoured on 50p
When the new pound comes out, two special £2 coins and one 50p piece are also expected to be released.
The 50p coin honours Sir Isaac Newton, of of the most famous scientists to study at Cambridge University.
The man who developed the theory of gravity lived in Cambridge from 1661 - when he started at the university as an undergraduate - to 1696.
A descendant of the tree from which an apple supposedly fell on his head, sparking ideas about gravity, is still growing in the Cambridge University Botanic Garden.
The new £2 coins honour the novelist Jane Austen and the Royal Flying Corps, a forerunner of the RAF.
Will the new £1 work in vending machines?
The Royal Mint has been working hard to ensure everything from parking meters to vending machines accept the new £1 coin when it is launched.
But with millions of machines out there, it's likely the odd machine won't take them.
The roll out has been welcomed by many businesses as it will reduce the chances of them receiving a fake coin.
But the Royal Mint says that if your business may be affected, you should take this opportunity to contact equipment suppliers to find out if you need to make any adaptations.
Jonathan Hart from the Automatic Vendors Association said operators will send out engineers to upgrade them.
He expects the upgrades to cost millions - although operators should make their costs back thanks to the reduction in forged coins.
Older machines will have to be temporarily removed in order to be fixed, he added, although others can be fixed on site.
Hart explains: “When you put your £1 coin in a vending machine, it goes down a ramp, almost like a motorway. If the machine recognises the coin, it is allocated into a plastic tube where all the £1 coins are kept. If it is not accepted it just comes out again.
“Among these tubes, there is usually at least one spare for upgrades. During the initial period, the new £1 will go into one of the spare tubes. Then an engineer will switch the temporary tube off. “
What about shopping trolleys?
The new coin will not work in shopping trolleys, but supermarkets across the country have already begun the process of updating their locks.
There has been a plan put in place since the announcement of the new coin from the Mint, which includes updating the lock and providing alternatives to the coin being needed., so hopefully this won't stop you doing your big shop.
The same goes for changing room lockers that only accept the old circular coins.
The Royal Mint has launched a new website urging businesses to get ready now, or risk problems in March.
Why the new £1 coin will be harder to counterfeit
12-sided – its distinctive shape makes it instantly recognisable, even by touch.
Hidden high security feature – a high security feature is built into the coin to protect it from counterfeiting in the future.
Latent image – it has an image like a hologram that changes from a '£' symbol to the number '1' when the coin is seen from different angles.
Micro-lettering – it has very small lettering on the lower inside rim on both sides of the coin. One pound on the obverse 'heads' side and the year of production on the reverse 'tails' side, for example 2016 or 2017.
Bimetallic – it is made of two metals. The outer ring is gold coloured (nickel-brass) and the inner ring is silver coloured (nickel-plated alloy).
Milled edges – it has grooves on alternate sides.
New Delhi: India and Australia on Friday discussed ways to enhance cooperation in tackling terrorism, radicalisation and cyber-crimes, the home ministry said.
The India-Australia joint steering committee discussed the issues threadbare at its first meeting here.
During the meeting, the two sides discussed the scope for cooperation in counter-terrorism and checking extremism and radicalisation besides steps to check illegal financial transactions, counterfeiting and cyber-crimes, a home ministry statement said.
Issues related to human trafficking and people smuggling, combating illegal drug trafficking, and sharing information between law enforcement agencies were also discussed.
The two sides agreed to pursue further the agenda for cooperation in specific areas with meetings of operational joint working groups involving agencies concerned, the statement said.
Today's meeting is a follow-up to the Memoranda of Understanding (MoU) on cooperation in combating international terrorism and transnational organised crime exchanged between the two sides during the visit of Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to New Delhi in April this year and his talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Additional secretary in the home ministry TVSN Prasad and Stephen Bouwhuis, Australia's first assistant secretary in the International and Auscheck Division, criminal justice group, Attorney-General's Department, led the India and Australia delegation respectively led the delegations respectively.
Fee changes get first reading
Two ballot measures intended to restructure student fees levied by the government had their first reading this session.
One measure would create a new SRC fee at $30 per semester, replacing the present $75 fee, and specifies that ASUAF does not endorse the creation of any other fees regarding the SRC. The second measure would increase the ASUAF student fee by about 50 percent, from $43 to $67 for main campus students, and adjust the allocation of student fee funds to increase allocation to the Sun Star.
Sun Star Editor-in-Chief Spencer Tordoff attended part of the meeting to advocate for the two referendums. He noted that between the two SRC and student government fee changes, students would pay about $10 to $15 less per semester. He emphasized that the Sun Star's larger increase would be spent on expanding coverage through several student hires.
Both measures were sent to the Student Affairs Committee after reading.
Election manual changes
The senate changed the elections manual to allow ASUAF candidates to campaign during the voting period as a way to try increase student involvement, but disallowed candidates campaigning within 50 feet of a physical polling station.
Marijuana on campus
A student attending the meeting asked if the senators had any policies regarding marijuana use. Mitchell said their “hands were tied” because UAF is a federally funded university and marijuana is still illegal at the federal level. The student said that there were examples of judges who overruled the federal law for religious use of marijuana.
Senate Chair Ben Anderson-Agimuk told the student that he could run for a senate position to explore their ideas and Diane Murph, the senate clerk, said that he could also write a bill and get a current senator to sponsor it.
Attendance
Present: Ben Anderson-Agimuk, Dawson Mann, Raymundo Lopez, Molly O'Scannell, Ivik Henry, Jae Ham, Sam Mitchell, Sierra Van Hafften, Brian Holst, and Chris Martinez.
Not Present: Cordero Reid (excused), Georgia Durden (excused), and Erik Rickards.
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA — JUNE 15: Blake Ferguson of the Roosters celebrates a try during the round 15 NRL match between the Sydney Roosters and the Penrith Panthers at Allianz Stadium on June 15, 2018 in Sydney, Australia. (Photo by Mark Evans/Getty Images)
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA — JUNE 15: Blake Ferguson of the Roosters celebrates a try during the round 15 NRL match between the Sydney Roosters and the Penrith Panthers at Allianz Stadium on June 15, 2018 in Sydney, Australia. (Photo by Mark Evans/Getty Images)
THE Parramatta Eels have signed former Blues State of Origin winger Blake Ferguson on a three-year deal to start next season.
Ferguson will quit the Roosters at the end of the season to sign a $1.5 million contract with the Eels, his fourth club in the NRL following stints at Cronulla, Canberra and the Roosters.
The Roosters star knocked back an offer from the Newcastle Knights to accept Parramattaâ€™s offer.
Ferguson has been with the Roosters since 2015. Picture: Brett Costello.
He also had an approach from the Cronulla Sharks, who need to replace Newcastle bound Edrick Lee
He had been offered a one-year extension at the Roosters but wanted long-term security.
Ferguson has been off alcohol and gambling since going into rehab in the last off-season.
Watch the 2018 State of Origin Series LIVE or ON DEMAND anywhere outside AU, NZ and Pacific Islands on WATCH NRL. GRAB YOUR PASS NOW!
PPF accounts can be extended in blocks of five years. Photo: iStock
I opened a Public Provident Fund (PPF) account on 19 March 1998. After 15 years, I extended it for five years on 23 November 2013. I have been depositing money all these years and claiming Section 80C benefits. It was due for extension in 2018-19, but my deposit on 28 May 2018 was accepted. What do I do now? Shall I give form H now? What are the implications?
—R. Kesavan
Your PPF account opened on 19 March 1998 was due for maturity on 1 April 2013. The same was extended with contribution for a block of five years and was due for maturity on 1 April 2018. Now you have further extended the same by depositing a fresh contribution on 28 May 2018. However, you have not submitted the application, form H, for further extension. The extension form needs to be submitted within one year from the date of maturity—so you need to submit the same by 31 March 2019.
Deposit the same with your post office or bank as non-deposit of this form will be considered as “account extended without further contribution” and this will not let you earn any interest on the fresh deposit. Also, in this case, the deposit will not be eligible for deduction under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act.
I had bought a house in 2011, and have been paying EMI in the range of ₹16,000-18,000 since then. I got possession last year, and have put it on rent (₹7,000 a month). The purpose is to invest the rental income for my son's higher education, which will be needed some 10 years from now. If the sum required is high, we would be willing to sell the house and use the proceeds. However, after having read many articles that said returns from real estate are poor, we want to sell the house now and invest that money. Please advise.
—Venky
The house you have bought is prima facie an investment asset. And if that's the case, then you need to look at it without any biases and evaluate independently whether it is a good asset class to hold and what are the expected returns versus any other asset class. As you have leveraged the property and taken a housing loan, your earnings rate needs to be calculated a little differently. The growth of the asset along with the rental yield combined together should be able to yield a return of cost of borrowing plus bank fixed deposit (FD) rate to give you a net return of bank FDs. This in today's time is not an easy task. In number terms, you need to earn a return of 8.5% (assumed cost of housing loan) to break even. And to generate a Bank deposit rate you need to earn 8.5%+7% or 15.5%. Of course this is not to be seen for the next one year of performance but over the next 3-5 years and in your case it could be even longer. So if you believe that the real estate will do well over the next few years you can hold the same else you need to liquidate the asset and reinvest in a higher yielding asset class.
To read more queries, go to www.livemint.com/askmintmoney
Surya Bhatia is managing partner of Asset Managers
Queries and views at mintmoney@livemint.com
Sources: Free agent Tyreke Evans is signing a 1-year, $12M deal with the Indiana Pacers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman who groomed a schoolboy was caught after taking the boy on a camping trip, where the pair needed rescuing by the emergency services.
Perverted mother Rhiannon Elisabeth Scott was in a tent with an underaged boy when it was washed away after a river burst its banks.
Paramedics, firefighters and the Wales Air Ambulance were deployed to bring the pair back to safety, where it emerged that the boy was underage.
Mold Crown Court heard that Scott, 24, was trapped with the 15-year-old boy for five hours and they were washed down the river at one stage.
The alarm was raised when their cries for help were heard by a local farmer.
(Image: Â© ANDREW PRICE/View Finder Pict)
Scott groomed the boy on the internet during role play games.
And the boy's family believed he had a girlfriend aged 16 or 17.
Today she was jailed for two years and ordered to register with the police as a sex offender for 10 years.
Judge Rhys Rowlands also made a 10-year sexual harm prevention order to curb her future activities, including the use of the internet.
Scott, from Gwersyllt near Wrexham, admitted two charges of meeting a boy aged 14 and 15 intended a sexual offence following grooming.
She admitted four charges of sexual activity with a child, the boy when he was 15, which included intercourse.
Scott admitted causing a child to look at an image of a person engaged in a sexual act, and possessing an indecent photo of a child aged 15 after the court heard how they had exchanged sexual photographs of themselves.
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
Miss Pope said the boy had not co-operated with the police and the case against her came from her own admissions.
The boy had been a regular user of Facebook since the age of 12 and he began to become involved with role play games.
Scott adopted the role of a barmaid and others including the boy adopted different roles and Miss Pope said that as time went on the group became sexualised.
They spoke at length, and communicating by Facebook messenger away from the role playing group.
She asked him to be her boyfriend although they had never met in person.
They sent sexual photographs of themselves to each other.
Miss Pope said that they also said what they wanted to do to each other sexually.
They started meeting, he visited her and they went camping together.
They pitched close to a river and when the water level suddenly rose they had to be rescued and it was then that the two families realised what was going on.
Her sister also found photographs of the boy on her Facebook account.
Arrested and interviewed, Scott initially said she thought he was in his 20s.
(Image: Daily Post Wales)
She claimed to have found out his real age later and that they agreed not to meet until he was 16, but Miss Pope said that was not accepted by the prosecution.
They had indulged in sex acts and had sex during the camping trip.
Her barrister Andrew Green said that the defendant herself was a vulnerable young woman.
She had a complex mental health history.
A psychiatric report had been prepared and he also handed in references which he said showed the other side of her.
Her children were currently being cared for by the defendant's mother, Mr Green added.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christmas is a time for spending quality time with family and friends, and consuming copious amounts of champagne and party food.
Inevitably there may come a time when you need to top up the dwindling supply of mince pies or bottles of fizz, or pick up some hangover essentials like coffee, bacon and bread.
But before hitting the shops it's always worth knowing whether your local supermarket will be open - because some smaller stores are operating limited opening hours over the festive period and run up to New Year's Day.
To make things quick and simple for you, we've put together a handy guide to all the major stores' festive opening hours below.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
We've put together a handy guide below you can check, or head over to the on the Morrison's website and use the store finder tool.
Christmas Eve - Stores will open from 10am to 4pm.
Christmas Day - All stores will be closed.
Boxing Day - Stores will open from 9am to 5pm.
31st December - Stores will open from 10am to 4pm.
1st January - Stores will open from 9am to 5pm.
Budget supermarket Lidl will operate reduced hours over the holidays and times will vary depending on your location. Check the rough guide below or head to the retailer's website for more detailed information.
Christmas Eve - In Scotland stores will open from 7am to 6pm. All other stores will open from 10am to 4pm.
- In Scotland stores will open from 7am to 6pm. All other stores will open from 10am to 4pm. Christmas Day - All stores across the UK will be closed.
- All stores across the UK will be closed. Boxing Day - All stores in Emgland, Wales and N. Ireland will close. Stores in Scotland will open from 11am to 5pm.
- All stores in Emgland, Wales and N. Ireland will close. Stores in Scotland will open from 11am to 5pm. New Year's Eve - All stores across the UK will be open as normal, with selected stores in Scotland staying open until 7pm.
- All stores across the UK will be open as normal, with selected stores in Scotland staying open until 7pm. New Year's Day - All stores will be closed.
(Image: Getty)
See our handy general guide to Sainsbury's festive opening hours below, however it is always worth checking details for your local store via the supermarket's online store finder.
Christmas Eve - All of Sainsbury's supermarkets and convenience stores will be open, with the exception of 8 convenience stores in Central London. As Christmas Eve falls on a Sunday, most supermarkets and larger convenience stores will be trading their usual Sunday hours.
- All of Sainsbury's supermarkets and convenience stores will be open, with the exception of 8 convenience stores in Central London. As Christmas Eve falls on a Sunday, most supermarkets and larger convenience stores will be trading their usual Sunday hours. Christmas Day - All Sainsbury's stores will be closed on with the exception of one petrol station: Charlton Riverside
- All Sainsbury's stores will be closed on with the exception of one petrol station: Charlton Riverside Boxing Day - The majority of stores will open as normal across the UK, however Sainsbury's advise shoppers to check details of when your local branch as some may close earlier than normal using the online store locator tool.
- The majority of stores will open as normal across the UK, however Sainsbury's advise shoppers to check details of when your local branch as some may close earlier than normal using the online store locator tool. New Year's Eve - All of Sainsbury's supermarkets and convenience stores will be open and will operate normal Sunday trading hours.
- All of Sainsbury's supermarkets and convenience stores will be open and will operate normal Sunday trading hours. New Year's Day - The majority of stores will open as normal across the UK, however Sainsbury's advise shoppers to check details of when your local branch as some may close earlier than normal using the online store locator tool.
(Image: Bloomberg)
Supermarket giant Asda will be open throughout the festive period. Shoppers can use our guide below or the store finder tool on Asda's website to check when their local branch will be open.
Christmas Eve - All Asda stores will open and operate normal Sunday trading hours which differ by store.
- All Asda stores will open and operate normal Sunday trading hours which differ by store. Christmas Day - All stores will close.
- All stores will close. Boxing Day - The majority of stores will open from 9am-6pm - check your local branch online via Asda's online store finder tool.
- The majority of stores will open from 9am-6pm - check your local branch online via Asda's online store finder tool. New Year's Eve - All Asda stores will open and operate normal Sunday trading hours which differ by store.
- All Asda stores will open and operate normal Sunday trading hours which differ by store. New Year's Day - The majority of stores will open from 10am-6pm - check your local branch online via Asda's online store finder tool.
(Image: Getty)
Shoppers can check details for their local store via the Aldi website to avoid being caught out.
Christmas Eve - Aldi will be open from 10am-4pm (plus 30 mins browsing time before official opening time). O r 8am - 6pm in Scotland
Aldi will be open from (plus 30 mins browsing time before official opening time). O r in Christmas Day - Aldi will be closed
Aldi will be Boxing Day - Aldi will be closed
Aldi will be New Year's Eve - Aldi will be open from 10am-4pm or 8am - 6pm in Scotland
Aldi will be open from or in New Year's Day - Aldi will be closed
If you plan to visit Waitrose or John Lewis over Christmas or New Year check timings below or visit: www.waitrose.com or www.johnlewis.com before setting off.
Christmas Eve - The majority of Waitrose shops will be open 10:30am - 4:30pm on Christmas Eve
Christmas Day - All stores will be closed.
Boxing Day - All stores will be closed.
New Year's Eve - The majority of Waitrose shops will be open 10:30am - 4:30pm on New Year's Eve.
The majority of Waitrose shops will be open 10:30am - 4:30pm on New Year's Eve. New Year's Day - Select shops will open on New Year's Day, opening from 10:30am to 4:30pm.
(Image: Getty)
If you want details for your local store before leaving the house, you can get the full breakdown on the Iceland website.
Paris Dennard is ride-or-die for Donald Trump. Whether it's defending Trump when he is sympathizing with neo-Nazis or co-signing bizarre Twitter rants, the conservative commentator believes Trump can do no wrong. Over the weekend, Trump embarrassed himself again and Paris had explanations.
Trump appeared for a photo opp at the opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum. Several civil rights activists, including Congressman John Lewis, rightfully refused to attend. As you know, 45 doesn't have a great history with the Black community, from the racist Birther movement to housing discrimination lawsuits, it should be no shock that anyone thinks he is a racist. Moreover, as President, his policies, especially on education, healthcare and so-called tax reform will deeply hurt the Black community. Everything Trump stands for goes against the countless people who lost their lives for civil rights.
CNN decided to debate Trump's insincere appearance at the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum with Dennard and Democratic operative A. Scott Bolden. CNN anchor Fredricka Whitfield calmly asked Dennard, “How do you, as a Black man, defend the President's remarks last night for support of a man who talked about days being great in the days of slavery?” Whitfield is referring to Trump endorsing racist and accused pedophile Roy Moore.
Bolden then demanded Dennard answer the question. Paris proceeded to go ballistic on Bolden and Whitfield. Watch the foolishness below, which starts around the 6:30 mark.
Paris Dennard is clearly living at the very bottom of the sunken place.
SOURCE: YouTube
Charlottesville Hero Pushed Fiancée Out Of The Way Of Deranged Terrorist
WATCH: White Supremacist Charlottesville Rally Organizer Flees From Counterprotesters
An image of a morale painting designed, funded and created by members of a New Jersey Air National Guard propulsion element at the engine test cell facility, also known as the "Hush House”, located at the 177th Fighter Wing, Atlantic City Air National Guard Base, N.J., on Jan. 31, 2017. The engine shop personnel wanted to create a feeling of Esprit de Corps and a reminder of just how amazing it is to work on such a complex and important military machine. The General Electric F110-GE-100 turbofan, prepped and ready for testing, produces close to 29,000 pounds of static thrust in afterburner, which can propel the Fighting Falcon to approximately twice the speed of sound. (U.S. Air National Guard photo by Master Sgt. Andrew J. Moseley/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 22:14 Photo ID: 3165533 VIRIN: 170131-Z-YH452-017 Resolution: 5232x3152 Size: 6.18 MB Location: EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP, NJ, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Air National Guard unit's propulsion element creates powerful Esprit de Corps [Image 1 of 9], by MSgt Andrew Moseley, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The lone white cross marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532 Anzac Day: How the war memorial movement began
The lone white cross marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532 Anzac Day: How the war memorial movement began
THE wound was the size of a penny, and it was over his heart.
It didn't take long for Ivor Margetts to die in the end. He never saw who killed him. A shell burst, a piece of shrapnel, and his part in the Great War was over.
He called to one of his men, Private George McKenzie, who had been with him since they left Hobart, and through every day of the Gallipoli campaign.
Now, cradling him in his arms on a war-ravaged road in Pozieres, France, on July 23, 1916, Captain Margetts told him that he had "got one at last".
As soon as McKenzie saw the wound, he knew there was no hope.
It didn't take longer than 20 minutes for Capt Margetts to die. The 24-year-old's final words to Pte McKenzie were: "If you get through this stink lad, which I hope to the God above you do, let my people know how I got hit and died thinking of them."
And then he was gone.
Later, Pte McKenzie would write to Captain Margetts' parents back in Launceston of their son's death, which was reprinted in Les Carlyon's book The Great War. He wrote: "There was never a better officer living than Capt Margetts. He was the most popular man in the Batt and he has never done a bad turn to anyone since we left Hobart Shore. It is the worst shock the 12th Batt has had since war started. Any one would of gave their lives for to save his little toe."
The lonely cross on the barren landscape at Pozieres, marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532
It was Pte McKenzie who buried his beloved Captain close to where he was hit. It was he who placed the little white cross which draws our eye in this iconic picture.
Two days later, the Germans blazed through and destroyed the cross. Now no one knows exactly where Ivor Margetts is buried.
AN ORDINARY BLOKE
By all accounts, Margetts was a genuinely nice guy. The kind of bloke you'd want to be mates with. And he was my ancestor - my grandmother's first cousin, making him my first cousin, twice removed. He was a legend in my family. His friends called him Margo, but in my family, he was always referred to as Captain Ivor.
He was tall - 6ft 3 - tanned and cheerful. He grew up in Launceston, the second of five boys, and when war broke out he was working as a school master at a boys' school in Hobart, keeping the students in line and coaching the sports teams. He was one of the first to join up as war broke out, and the Hutchins school held a party in his honour, the teachers chipping in to present him with a pipe.
"In making the presentation, Mr Bullow spoke of the happy disposition Mr Margetts possessed, and his power of keeping the masters' study in harmony by his ability for turning everything into a joke," a report of the party in the Hutchins school magazine of September 1914 said.
Captain Ivor Margetts was affectionately known as ‘Margo' by his friends and school. Picture: Australian War Memorial/H15808
"Mr Margetts suitably responded, saying that, if his nature was a happy one, he couldn't help it, he had been born like it."
On the weekend, he played Aussie rules. He was as professional as you could be in those days, playing for Lefroy Football Club.
At Gallipoli, he played footy too. One game in particular is described in Les Carlyon's book Gallipoli. "In December he played Australian football against the 10th Battalion. 'Beautiful match. Led at three-quarter time, lost by seven points.'"
ANZAC DAWN
Ivor was a month off his 23rd birthday when he joined up to the First Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in August 1914. Starting as a lieutenant, he endeared himself to his men, just as he had gained the love of students and fellow teachers at the school where he worked.
A report in the North Western Advocate in September 1916 said fellow Hobartian, W H Facy, received a letter from his younger brother in which he described Margetts.
"A gentleman and a soldier - and I think that covers a great deal. The men simply worshipped him, and what's more he had that knack of knowing how to treat his men. He always got the best out of us without any trouble."
The Lone Pine monument in Gallipoli, Turkey. Picture: Bradley Secker
He left with the 12th Battalion on October 20, 1914, headed for Egypt and then Lemnos, unaware that the same time the following year he would be fighting for daily survival in the horrors that awaited them all in Turkey.
His battalion was among the first ashore at Gallipoli on April 25, 1915. Margetts would later write an account of that day. He described how the captain gave the order to man the boats; how the first tow headed for the beach under heavy fire; how just as he was getting the second tow ready to go, a man right in front of him was hit in the head and dropped dead.
Survival was a game of chance - standing a metre to the left or right, leaving a minute earlier or later, was often what stood between you and a bullet.
Troops landing at Anzac Cove in WWI. Picture: Australian War Memorial
Ivor's brother, Ralph, was with him in Gallipoli, but stationed on a medical ship in the Dardanelles Strait. In a letter dated May 5, sent to their parents, which was printed in The Mercury in June 1915, Ralph wrote of word he had received about his brother.
"[Ivor] was well but very untidy - said he was fighting like a wild Irishman, with most of his clothes torn off. I have since heard that Ivor was seen on the beach with what few of his men were left.
"You can't imagine how pleased I was to hear about him. It was reported on board that he was the only officer left of his battalion."
He went on: "You should just hear, the naval men who put our men ashore speak of the way our lads charged up those hills! They say it was simply wonderful, and they have made a name for themselves forever."
Despite many close calls, Ivor survived Gallipoli, where so many others didn't. But the end of the campaign wasn't the end of the war for those first Anzacs. France beckoned.
POZIERES
The battle of Pozieres began on July 23, 1916. But for Capt Margetts, it also ended that day.
By the afternoon of July 23, it was reported the northern French village was clear. Ivor went with a small party of men through the village to choose a site for trenches. At around 10pm, a sudden burst of fire from the Germans took them by surprise. A shell burst nearby and a piece of shell hit Ivor in the chest, over his heart. He had survived the whole Gallipoli campaign, to be killed on the first day at Pozieres.
Pte McKenzie told the Red Cross: "The men loved him. I cried like a kid when I found he was dead … I think he went because he was too good for the beastliness of war."
Ivor Margetts was remembered at the Last Post Ceremony on July 23, 2016 celebrating the centenary of the campaign at the Australian War Memorial, Canberra. Picture: Australian War Memorial/Andrew Taylor/Ref: AWM2016.8.110.1
OUR STORIES
My nana was a cheeky, red-haired 13-year-old when cousin Ivor went to war. We had a picture of him on the bookshelf in our home growing up - a young, smiling man with a pipe in his mouth, the pipe his beloved students had given him, with the hope he would come back to them.
Ivor Margetts' name on the Roll of Honour, Canberra.
The picture that stood in our home of ‘Captain Ivor'.
And as Ivor was dying on that road in Pozieres, another young British private with a Royal Army Medical Corps pin on his cap was nearby, working as a stretcher bearer among the mud and devastation, bringing the wounded off the battlefield. His name was John Langford and he was my grandfather. He survived. If he hadn't, I wouldn't be here today - or my brothers and sisters, nephews and nieces.
And each Anzac Day, there are countless households around the country also remembering their family members who fought in conflicts across the years.
Time goes on, and the distance to these first Anzac stories becomes greater, but that doesn't mean they're forgotten. Stories are passed on and heroes become legends. The passage of time makes them stronger. And in a world of conflict and fighting and fear, we remember those who came before. Lest we forget.
After what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian accident involving self-driving vehicles, Uber suspended all of its testing Monday with the vehicles. The accident occurred in a suburb of Phoenix.
NBA Finals: Four or more consecutive appearances
Only six times has an NBA team made four Finals in a row
Photo: Associated Press File Photo Boston Celtics' Bill Russell with coach Red Auerbach.
10
Celtics, 1957-66
Photo: Boston Globe / Boston Globe Via Getty Images BOSTON, MA - MAY 27: Los Angeles Lakers' Magic Johnson splits the...
4
Lakers, 1982-85
4
Celtics, 1984-87
Photo: Associated Press 2014 Miami Heat forward LeBron James, right, and guard Dwyane Wade smile...
4
Heat, 2011-14
Photo: Adam Glanzman / Getty Images BOSTON, MA - MAY 27: LeBron James #23 of the Cleveland Cavaliers...
4
Cavs, 2015-18
Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle Golden State Warriors' Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry touch hands...
4
Warriors, 2015-18
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale fans believe Emma Barton might not have committed suicide after a shock flashback revealed Ross Barton saw her dead body.
Viewers discovered Emma's fate in tonight's episode after she climbed up on to the viaduct - and found out that she did in fact die.
News of Emma's death spread to the villagers, but Ross didn't seem particularly saddened to discover that his mum had died.
A flashback then showed Ross looking down on his dead mum's body from the top of the viaduct, before he ran off in a suspicious manner.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Earlier on, Ross was seen stopping his car before angrily slamming his hands on the steering wheel.
Pete and Ross looked sheepishly at each other and didn't seem particularly upset when they were told Emma had died.
Ross was hesitant when telling Moira the news, but made sure to say she "killed herself".
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emmerdale viewers took to Twitter with their theories, with some thinking Ross killed Emma and others pointing the finger elsewhere.
One viewer said: "I'm pretty sure Ross has pushed her she's fallen back wards #emmerdale #rossed"
Another added: "Hmm... Ross was definitely there but I think there is ALOT more to what happened than him just pushing her.. #emmerdale #EmmaDale"
A third said: "Did Ross push her or just find her then run away??? #emmerdale"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Just before she was about to commit suicide, Emma spoke to a hallucination of her son Finn, and claimed she was still going through with her plan but needed to pray first.
Emma kept repeating "just do it" as she teetered on top of the viaduct, before plunging to her death in a manner that mirrored the death of husband James.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
However, that was not the end for the psycho, as after the ad break it was revealed she was still alive.
Emma was lying on the floor with her eyes open and still moving despite her dramatic fall.
While visions of James and Finn appeared next to her, Emma said: "I don't think I can hold on much longer."
She then appeared to actually die - for good this time.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emmerdale viewers took to Twitter after Emma's 'disappointing' death.
One viewer said: "Was rather hoping Emma would be dragged away kicking and screaming #Emmerdale"
Another added: "We deserved justice after what Emma has done. What a poor way to end this overly drawn out storyline. #Emmerdale"
A third said: "That can't be the end of Emma - yet! Her sons need to be able to confront her for everything she has done.It's too easy.#Emmerdale" #EmmaDale
(Image: ITV)
The psycho, who had stolen Moira's son from hospital, discovered that her son Finn Barton had died by hearing the tragic news on the radio.
A guilt-ridden Emma broke down realising she was responsible for his death, before getting ready to take her own life on the viaduct.
Emma left her newborn baby grandson in the church before seemingly getting ready to jump to her death from a bridge.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Before her death, Emma's secret was exposed when Moira woke up and told Victoria and Faith that she murdered James.
Moira panicked after regaining consciousness and discovering her baby had been kidnapped by her nemesis.
She claimed her child was not safe with Emma, so decided to head home and load up her shotgun.
Victoria then rang to reveal to Moira that her baby had been found by Harriet in the church.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emma's death was being the second of the week, as viewers were stunned after Finn died just minutes into tonight's episode.
The fan favourite, who had been shot by his psycho mum Emma, tragically passed away in hospital after flatlining at the end of Wednesday night's episode.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Viewers' worst fears were confirmed when Finn was confirmed dead, with the doctors unable to resuscitate him.
While Ross, Pete and Victoria were left in floods of tears, Emma was unaware she had caused the death of her own son as she fled the hospital with Moira's baby.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emma stole nemesis Moira's newborn son, who she helped delivered next to the burning barn, from hospital in Wednesday night's episode.
Speaking to a vision of her dead husband James, a psychotic Emma admitted she just wanted to hold her grandson in her arms and "tell him everything is going to be ok."
Dressed in a white nurses outfit, she then evaded Ross and Pete, who had come to meet his surprise son, before stealing the baby and escaping.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Picking up her grandson, Emma said: "It's ok beautiful boy, I've got you, and nanny is going to take great care of you."
Checking the coast was clear, she then took the baby out of the ward and escaped through a hospital entrance, unaware that her son Finn was going into cardiac arrest.
This came after Emma's foreboding chat to the vision of James as she sat in her car at a service station.
Speaking about her grandson, she said: "You should see him, he's so beautiful even though he is hers. The Lord certainly works in mysterious ways. I just want to hold him, just tell him everything is going to be ok."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Moira shocked viewers this week after claiming that her nephew Pete was the father of her baby.
After a massive explosion, Moira lay trapped as the blaze grew, she screamed out to her nemesis Emma for help.
"The baby, you have to help me!" She called out, but Emma was in disbelief and told him to stop saying that.
She insisted that she was, before shockingly revealing: "It's Pete! Pete's the father!"
This came after Monday's episode, during which viewers were left in disbelief after finding out the shock baby news.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emma had confronted her nemesis about James and confessed to murdering her husband because of Moira.
The barn went up in flames after an epic struggle with a pitchfork which then knocked out a light.
Moira got to her feet to make the shocking revelation that she is going into labour before being thrown across the room by a big blast.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
After a tense struggle with Emma, she said: "I think I'm having a baby."
A confused Emma asked "what" before a dramatic explosion sent the pair flying across the barn.
Moira was then left trapped under a pile of wood while she went into labour.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Actress Gillian Kearney, who plays psycho Emma, revealed the reason why she Emma fled the scene - despite saving Moira's life and delivering her baby.
"She's just about to call the ambulance to help Moira when Adam arrives and thinks the worst," Gillian revealed. "She doesn't believe that he won't believe that he's done damage to Moira, so she runs off.
"She just thinks, 'I'm so hated'. And obviously, Moira knows the truth about James' death. I just think she's in a very very sad state emotionally and mentally, really. She's trying to save herself, really."
*Emmerdale continues on Monday on ITV at 7pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A judge hearing the case of Alfie Evans has asked doctors if "other options" are possible to allow his family to take him home after life support was withdrawn.
But Mr Justice Hayden also appeared to rule out his family's wishes to take the 23-month-old to Italy for treatment.
Alfie has been at the centre of a life-or-death treatment battle, with his parents, Tom Evans and Kate James, trying to stop his doctors at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool from withdrawing life support in a sometimes acrimonious six-month dispute which has seen a series of court battles.
A "last-ditch appeal" by the Italian ambassador and the Pope, to grant Alfie citizenship of Italy to take him for treatment at a hospital in Rome, failed on Monday.
A late night court hearing by telephone by Mr Justice Hayden and lawyers for both sides confirmed his earlier decision permitting life-support, helping Alfie to breathe, to be withdrawn.
To follow all the live updates on the legal battle over Alfie Evans click here.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Photoshot)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Justice Hayden, speaking to lawyers representing Alfie's parents and Alder Hey Hospital, said: "If there were a more constructive attitude from the family might other options become possible, away from Alder Hey?
"I'm not suggesting this, I don't want it to be taken as an indication from me.
"One of the things Tom Evans said, if it can't be Italy or Munich, which it cannot be, was whether they could take Alfie home."
An Alder Hey clinician, part of the team treating Alfie overnight, told the court that the soonest he could move is between three to five days.
He also said hostility to medics makes it “impossible” to move him at present.
He added: "It's heartbreaking we're here again arguing when all we want to do is the best for Alfie's family”.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Andy Stenning daily mirror)
At that point the court adjourned for an Alder Hey consultant in the courtroom to consider the matter.
Earlier on Tuesday Mr Evans claimed medics had been "gobsmacked" as his son continued to breathe for himself for 21 hours after medical intervention was withdrawn.
But Mr Justice Hayden cut down Paul Diamond, representing the parents, as he began the family's appeal hearing.
Mr Diamond said: "This really is an appeal, in our submission for common humanity and common sense..."
The judge interjected: "I don't think it's helpful to use emotive terms. As a barrister confine yourself to the law."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Mr Diamond gave a witness statement from Mr Evans, taken on Tuesday, to the court suggesting his son's condition is "significantly better" than had been previously believed.
Mr Diamond said the child had been breathing unaided for 19 hours.
He continued: "We do have a human being..."
Again the judge cut across him: "I don't need to be reminded we have a human being. You do not have the moral high ground in this court. It is treacherous terrain."
Alder Hey doctors and independent medical experts say there is no cure and no hope for Alfie.
Medics say he has a degenerative neurological condition destroying his brain, and it is in his best interests to withdraw life support, but his parents want to take him abroad for treatment.
All legal avenues appeared to have been exhausted for the family until a further hearing by Mr Justice Hayden was announced earlier on Tuesday at the Family Division of the High Court in Manchester.
The hearing continues.
LEDYARD, Conn. (WTNH) — Ledyard police have made an arrest in connection with a string of burglaries in town during November of 2016.
Police arrested 35-year-old Thomas Coady, of Groton, on two arrest warrants connected to several home burglaries in Ledyard during the month of November. Coady was taken into custody without incident.
According to Ledyard officers, Coady was transported to police headquarters, where he processed and held on a $30,000 bond. Coady has since posted bond, and is due in New London Superiour court on January 13, 2017.
Captain Taylor Braithewaite, Assistant Team Leader with Detachment 1, 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG), briefs the Detachment prior to conducting training at the Urban Training Center on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. The training, which utilized role players from other units, focused on the process of completing a clinic assessment and medical capability in a deployed environment. During that medical capability training, the 2D CAG teams worked on the process of enabling attached Navy health care providers to bring their capabilities to bear in assisting local authorities with those authorities' clinic operations.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166723 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0096 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 179.53 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exericse [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A Rhode Island lawmaker who called a school shooting survivor a "dummy" for her response to a separate shooting that killed four people at a restaurant in Nashville said Tuesday he's sorry for the remark.
But Republican state Rep. Mike Chippendale said he won't apologize for "zealously defending" the Second Amendment.
Chippendale responded Monday to a comment by Emma Gonzalez, a high school senior who survived a mass shooting at her school in Parkland, Florida, that left 17 people dead in February. Gonzalez, who's become a gun control activist, cited reports that an unarmed man took away the gun from the shooter at a Waffle House in Nashville on Sunday as evidence that teachers don't need guns to protect students.
Chippendale said the ensuing manhunt might have been avoided if the man had a gun, and "the entire region wouldn't be on lockdown ... dummy." He later deleted the tweet.
Chippendale is a town chairman for Republican Allan Fung's gubernatorial campaign. A campaign spokesman called the tweet disappointing and said Chippendale was asked to apologize.
That prompted independent gubernatorial candidate Joe Trillo to accuse Fung of "throwing his people under the bus." Trillo, a former Republican lawmaker, said it's an example of "political correctness rearing its ugly head."
Chippendale said Fung addressed his mistake appropriately.
The Democratic Governors Association said Fung should remove Chippendale from his campaign to show he doesn't condone insulting a mass shooting survivor.
New Delhi: The Rs 4,230-crore initial public offer of state-owned Hindustan Aeronautics was subscribed 45 percent on the second day of bidding on Monday.
The offer is in a price band of Rs 1,215-1,240 and will close on March 20 (today). The defence behemoth is offering 3.41 crore equity shares of Rs 10 face value. Retail investors are offered Rs 25 discount per share.
The issue through which the company aims to raise Rs 4,230 crore received bids for 1,53,89,868 shares against the total issue size of 3,41,07,525 shares, as per data available with the NSE till 1700 hrs on Monday.
The Bengaluru-based firm's IPO is of up to 34,107,525 shares. SBI Capital Markets and Axis Capital are managing the IPO. The shares are proposed to be listed on BSE and NSE.
The average cost of acquisition of equity shares by the aerospace firm is Rs 152 per share after the buyback in March 2016 and November 2017.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor is convinced he will knock out Floyd Mayweather .
The UFC superstar will take on the boxing great on August 26 at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
And according to his promoter, the Irishman has no doubt he will upset the odds.
Dana White told TMZ : "We've been working on this for a long time; the negotiations were a lot better and smoother than I thought they would be. The 'impossible' deal is now happening.
"Floyd is a very smart guy and he's surrounded by smart people and we did a deal that is fair for everybody.
(Photo: @TheNotoriousMMA/Twitter)
"When I talked to Conor, he is 100 per cent confident he is going to knock Floyd Mayweather out.
"This is one of those situations where you don't know what will happen.
"Conor McGregor is the bigger, stronger man and has knockout power but Mayweather is slick and one of the best ever.
(Photo: Getty Images)
"Conor is the pound-for-pound the best fighter in mixed martial arts and Maywaether is the pound-for-pound the best boxer.
"One thing I stopped doing a long time ago is doubting Conor McGregor."
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
MITCH Marsh returns to international cricket a more obstinate operator with bat, ball and smartphone.
The 2015 Ashes was a changing of the guard in Australian cricket, with Shane Watson handing the baton on to Marsh.
Marsh became the nation's premier allrounder when Watson was ushered into Test retirement by national selectors.
The title came with baggage. Marsh also became the No. 1 target for trolls, furious at his ability to translate immense potential into immaculate performance.
Two-and-a-half years on, Marsh remains a much-maligned figure as he awaits an expected recall for the third Ashes Test which starts on Thursday in Perth.
“I went through a stage where I read everything, Facebook comments and all that sort of stuff,” Marsh told reporters in Perth.
“At the time, it made me feel pretty s***, to be honest.
“I find them quite funny now and I actually think it's great that the Australian public can be so passionate about sport.
“People are entitled to their opinion, so it's all good ... I just let it go. I just stopped caring really.”
LISTEN TO THE THIRD TEST PREVIEW PODCAST WITH BRETT GEEVES, DAMIEN FLEMING AND TOM MORRIS BELOW, OR TAP HERE TO SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES
Marsh noted he stopped reading “everything” eight months ago, around the time he returned home from a Test tour of India to undergo a shoulder reconstruction.
The 26-year-old has since been appointed captain of Western Australia and found form with the bat, including a century in his most-recent Sheffield Shield outing at the WACA.
WA coach Justin Langer believes captaincy has made Marsh a better batsman. Marsh agrees.
“When you go out to play and you've got to worry about 10 other guys and getting the best out of the team, it takes a lot of the heat off yourself and that's really helped me,” Marsh said.
“The added responsibility of making sure that I'm leading from the front on the field has really helped.”
Not being able to bowl has also allowed Marsh extra time to work on his batting.
“I've learned a lot about what I need to do to,” he said.
“For me to be playing Test cricket, I've got to be the sixth-best batsman in Australia, batting at No.6. That's always been the case and my bowling has always been a bonus.”
However, Marsh realises bowling is what would give him the nod ahead of Peter Handscomb.
Happy Independence Day (observed)!
We're taking the day off to hang out with family and friends, listen to Apple Music, watch fireworks, and celebrate the Independence Day of the United States of America.
If you're celebrating today, too, we wish you a happy and safe Fourth!
To everyone else, thank you for visiting MacDailyNews!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three generations of the same family are feared to have died inside their flat during the horror blaze at Grenfell Tower.
The daughter of teaching assistant Nadia Choucair rang her best friend in the early hours and said: “We're not going to make it. I love you.”
Hers was among a number of families unaccounted for tonight as relatives and friends frantically sought news of loved ones living in the tower.
Police said 12 people died in the inferno, but witnesses reported seeing “many more” bodies at the scene.
Nadia, her husband, their three daughters and the girls' grandmother have all been missing since the fire.
One local, who gave her name as Hulya, 42, said: “It's just awful, absolutely devastating. One of the daughters rang her friend saying they weren't going to make it and that she loved her. She's about 13. Nobody has been able to contact any of them since.
Doctor who treated Grenfell Tower fire victims reveals hidden home danger that could prove fatal in a blaze
“There are three daughters. One is about two, [another] is at primary school, the other at secondary school. The mum is a teaching assistant at my children's school, everybody loves her.”
A family of seven living on the 18th floor were also missing. Amina Hassan, 48, said the relatives had been trapped inside their flat.
(Photo: /Twitter)
She added bodies were gathered in an area behind her own flat, and claimed there were “far more” victims than police had confirmed.
Hana Wahabi, 39, had lost contact with her brother Aziz El Wahabi, his wife Fouzia and their three children Nurhouda, Yassin and Mehdi.
She said: “They live on the 21st floor. I rang him and the fire had not reached the top of the block at that point. He said he had been told to stay inside, stay in one room together and put towels under the door.
(Photo: Twitter)
“I told him to leave. He said he was going to come. Then I called him and he said there was too much smoke.
“The last time I saw him they were waving out the window. The last time I spoke to his wife, he was on the phone to the fire brigade.”
Ahmed Chellat, 60, was also desperately waiting for news of the El Wahabi family. He has not heard from his sister-in-law, brother-in-law or their three children since the blaze.
(Photo: Twitter)
'Lessons learned? Obviously not': Dad whose daughter died in 2009 tower blaze says Grenfell tragedy brings back nightmare
Mr Chellat said: “I was on the phone to her saying, ‘get out'. But she said they had been told to stick towels under the door, stay inside and wait to be rescued.
“She said, ‘Smoke is coming under the doors', then I got cut off. That is the last time I heard from her.”
Locals feared a couple and three of their four children had perished in their flat on the top floor of the 24-storey building.
(Photo: Twitter)
Yasmin Bayoudi, 17, said the surviving brother was injured escaping and had tried desperately to contact the rest of his family. She said: “His whole family was on the top floor and nobody could get hold of them. His mum, dad, two brothers and sister.”
Mum-of-two Ranya Ibrahim, who was trapped at the top of the tower, sent a friend a harrowing Snapchat message in the early hours as the fire spread.
The 30-year-old also wrote: “Forgive me everyone. Goodbye.”
(Photo: PA)
Her friend Maseen said: “She lives on the top floor with her two children, who are just three and five. I received a Snapchat video from Ranya at 3am, just after the fire started. I haven't heard from her since.”
Genet Shawo was yesterday searching for five-year-old son Isaac Paulos after they became separated.
The mum of two said: “We were on the 18th floor. The smoke was so thick, we couldn't see. A neighbour took Isaac's hand and I had my other son Lucas; he's three.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Distraught mother searching for 12-year-old daughter after accidentally letting go of her hand while escaping down pitch black Grenfell Tower stairwell
“We went downstairs, but when we got outside Isaac wasn't there. I saw the neighbour and said, ‘Where's my son?'. He said he'd left him.”
Relatives were concerned about 12-year-old Jessica Urbano, who lived on the 20th floor with her mum and older sister. Aunt Sandra Ruiz said: “She was with a group of people in the fire escape, in the fire stairs.
“My sister-in-law was just coming back from work, as was my older niece. Jessica called her to say this has happened. She was a few minutes away That's the last they heard of her. We're desperately worried.”
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Mariem Elgwahry, 27, and her mother Eslah, 64, who lived on the 19th floor, were feared to be victims, as were Khadija Saye, 24, and mum Mary, who lived on the 20th floor.
Artist Khadija had posted a terrifying message on Facebook at 3am. She wrote: “Please pray for me, there's a fire in my council block. I can't leave the flat. Please pray for me and my mum.” Tottenham MP David Lammy, a family friend, posted a plea for information.
More residents unaccounted for last night included Saber Neda, who lived in a top-floor flat. He stayed behind after urging wife Shakila, 45, and son Farhad, 24, to flee.
His nephew Rashad Naqshbandi, 24, said Mr Neda stopped answering his phone at around 6am yesterday.
Mr Naqshbandi said: “He lived with his wife and son, who are both in a coma because of smoke.
New Grenfell Tower cladding which 'may have helped fire spread' was added to improve view from nearby luxury houses
“I've already lost a friend, Yasin, and his whole family. I know they're dead because they barricaded themselves in.” He added: “People were all calm. The only way there were all calms is that they were told everything is under control. Then when the fire came they were screaming, ‘help, help'.”
Ali Yawar Jafari, 82, had been in a lift with his wife and daughter, but they were separated when he got out early.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Jafari's son Hamid Jafari said: “He was with my mother and sister in the lift. She said the lift stopped on the 10th floor and he said there was too much smoke and he couldn't breathe, and he got out of the lift. Then the doors shut and it didn't stop again till the ground floor.”
Another pensioner, 75-year-old Abdel Salam, is feared to be among the victims after he rang his sons and told them: “I can't breathe.”
Nura Jamal, who lived on the 23rd floor, is feared to have perished with her two sons, aged six and 11. She rang a friend at 2am and said: “Forgive me, the fire is here, I'm dying.” A friend said: “I just hope she escaped. I've cried, everyone has cried. This will devastate everyone in the local area.”
Another mum who had not been heard from since the blaze was Zainab Dean, who lived on the 14th floor with her son Jeremiah, two.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
When her brother Francis Dean, 47, spoke with her on the phone, she said she had been told to remain in her flat.
Mr Dean said: “My sister called me to say there was a fire in the tower.
“I told her to leave by the stairs but she said she had been told to stay inside her flat. That was in the early hours of today and I've not heard from her since. I fear the worst.” He added a firefighter had borrowed his phone during the blaze to speak to Zainab.
Mr Dean said: “He told her to keep calm and that they were coming to get her. He kept saying that to her again and again. But then he handed me the phone and said, ‘Tell her you love her'.
“I knew then to fear the worst. The phone went dead and I could not talk to her.”
'It's my duty to help': Nurse ran towards burning tower block to help victims 'spitting out black tar'
Friends of Steven Pile, who lived on the 12th floor, were also concerned. Elvis Burke, 50, said: “He rescued his niece but he stayed to save his dogs and nobody's heard from him.”
Italian couple Gloria Trevisan and Marco Gottardi, both 27, were also missing. The pair, from Venice, had only been in London for three months and Gloria was due to return to Italy today. They lived on the 23rd floor.
Marco's father Giannino said he called his son when he heard about the fire. He said: “He played down the incident, I think to reassure us.
“At the last contact, he informed us that their apartment was flooded by smoke and that the situation was an emergency. Then nothing. We only hope for a miracle.”
Others who had not been heard from last night included Sheila Smith, 84, Raymond Bernard, 65, Mo Tucco and Hesham El-Raaman, 57.
EXCERPTS from over a thousand videos of the confessions of managers and executives of The Brazilian Odebrecht company are being published by the O'Globo chain.
According to information from the medium it has obtained hundreds of hours of confessions that it will publish throughout the week.
Odebrecht admitted in December to US officials that it paid $788 million in bribes to officials in a dozen countries, including Panama.
Its network of bribes was so extensive that it had to create a department specifically to handle the payments.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum sent a cryptic 'goodbye' text to her in-laws just hours before she, her husband and child died in a deliberate house blaze.
One of the parents deliberately poured petrol around the bedroom to start the fire that killed the family.
However, the coroner could not make a decision on which of the parents started the blaze and recorded open verdicts on them both.
The six-year-old son was ruled out as the arsonist, with the coroner ruling he had been unlawfully killed.
Tiago Nunes, 30, his wife Adriana, 41, and six-year-old Tiago junior, known as Tito, were all found burned to death on a bed inside the farmhouse which burned all night without anyone realising what was happening.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Days after the fire it was reported Adriana had sent a number of cryptic messages to her sister-in-law Cecilia Nunes, 44.
In the messages she appeared angry that her family had missed her birthday, reported The Sun.
Cecilia said: "She texted me. The message said ‘goodbye', but I deleted it because I was very upset.
"Another said ‘thank you very much family for my birthday'."
"I think that's strange because we didn't send any birthday message. I can't believe what happened."
Detectives found a hatchet and scythe in the room, as well as the remains of the family's two pet cats.
The inquest was told Mr Nunes had access to cans of petrol and diesel at the farm and during the night one of the containers was taken inside the farmhouse in Reigate, Surrey.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Forensic evidence given to the coroner in Woking, Surrey, heard petrol had been sprinkled around the bedroom as little Tito slept on the bed and it was then set on fire.
The inquest was told that the fatal fire happened on January 24 last year - a day after Adriana's birthday.
She had previously tried to commit suicide and had been the mother of another child in Chile, who her ex-partner refused to allow her to see.
The child killed herself aged 16 years, the inquest was told.
Mr and Mrs Nunes had settled in Reigate and had young Tito. They all lived together in the isolated rented farmhouse in Trumpet Hill Road.
After their deaths a JustGiving website page was set up to raise money to send the three bodies back to their home country of Portugal.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: PA)
Their Little Stanton Farm Cottage had burned all night and was razed to the ground before the alarm was sounded by Mr Nunes' boss, farmer Adrian Smart, the next day when the father failed to arrive for work.
Mrs Nunes worked as a cleaner and their little 'Tito' attended North Downs Primary School.
Giving evidence, Tiago's sister, Manuela Nunes, said her sister-in-law had struggled with depression after feeling "guilty about leaving her daughter behind", and on one occasion had taking an overdose.
"Adriana called me many times to say she hadn't the will to live any more," she told assistant coroner Christopher Sutton-Mattocks.
"I would always try to encourage her and tell her that God had given her another chance to be a mother so take the chance and do the best you can, and you're a great mum."
Miss Nunes, who described how her brother adored his son, said Mrs Nunes had told her on many occasions that she wanted to kill herself.
"Tiago had told me once that if something ever happened to Adriana he wouldn't have the will to live and they would probably all go together," she said.
The inquest heard how Mr Nunes, who had worked for Mr Smart as gardener, was heavily in debt at the time of their deaths.
(Image: Facebook)
Earlier, Mr Smart told the inquest at first he did not realise something serious had happened when he went to check on the family at around 11am.
"Because the walls were standing it took me a moment or two to realise there wasn't a roof," he said.
"I went in through the front door and to the bedroom where they slept. I saw a charred bed but I didn't see any body parts, and I actually clung to the belief, somehow or another, that somehow they got out."
In a locked and alarmed shed there was supposed to be two five litre white Jerry cans containing petrol and diesel, which Mr Nunes had access to, the inquest was told.
However, when police asked Mr Smart to check their contents he found one of the cans was empty.
Neighbour's and witness described hearing an explosion at about 1.38am and seeing a glow in the distance.
A fire investigation found that such was the force of the explosion it caused a 100kg window to be blasted 15-and-a-half metres outside, and the bedroom's adjacent wall to collapse.
(Image: Facebook)
Surrey Fire and Rescue fire investigator Paul Risbridger said petrol had been detected in three different areas of the bedroom.
"We concluded the cause of the fire was deliberate ignition of petrol vapour," he said.
"The fact there was petrol in the bedroom while there are people in the bedroom where there is no reason for petrol to be there, there was no other cause to the fire."
The remains of light green Jerry can were also found in the kitchen.
Detective Chief Inspector Paddy Mayers, of Surrey Police, said that it found Tito was asleep next to his mum at the time of the explosion.
"The conclusion was the fire was ignited from within the room and whoever caused or ignited that fire was in that room, and if there was a third party they would have been killed at the time of that explosion," he said.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: PA)
(Image: GEOFF ROBINSON PHOTOGRAPHY)
Delivering his conclusion, Mr Sutton-Mattocks found the six-year-old had been unlawfully killed and recorded open verdicts for Mr and Mrs Nunes.
"Someone in the family poured petrol in the bedroom and ignited it, quite why will never become clear," he said.
"I agree with the police's evidence of ruling Tiago Jr out. He'd have to get out of bed, go fetch the petrol and poured it without either parent stopping him doing so.
"I reject that as a possibility. He was only six-years-old and he could not be party in any joint decision, even if he had been, on the account of his age.
"For Tiago and Adriana, I am unable to reach any conclusion which of the two of them ignited and caused the explosion."
In a statement after the hearing, the Nunes family said it was difficult for them to understand what happened that terrible day.
"Even after today we still have many questions that are simply unable to ever be answered and sadly we are told we will have to forever suffer the torment of never knowing for sure," they said.
"Their passing leaves us all with a huge hole in our hearts that will never heal. They are, and always will be, missed so much.
"We ask that we be left to grieve for our loved ones in peace and that our privacy be respected during this incredibly difficult time."
MYSTIC, Conn. (WTNH) — Before taking the oath to become a citizen, one woman took a vow to become a wife through an arranged marriage by her father-in-law.
“I met him and I liked him and very down to earth,” said Kasturi Yalamanchili about her husband.
“My father contacted her and she gave her number to my father and I started talking to her,” said her husband, Baskar Seetharaman.
Turned out dad knew best. Ten years of marriage, two daughters, and today the Wilton couple hit another milestone.
In all 75 people from 32 different countries across the world are now U.S. citizens including the Yalamanchilis from India.
“It's great, such a nice feeling,” said Kasturi Yalamanchili
To get to Mystic Wednesday, the judge presiding over the ceremony said each person went through a 6-to-9 month process, faced an extensive background check, and passed a test. Each person took an oath to be faithful to the country here at Mystic Seaport on a very appropriate holiday, Flag day.
“Flag day. That's the day I became a citizen so that's really cool,” said Kasturi.
She hopes what happened here today is something her daughters value when they got older.
Kasturi, “We are a family right? So they might wonder why mommy is going into a different line and being together as a family I think this makes a huge difference for them too like all of them stick together.”
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Even in the chaotic life of Cristiano Ronaldo, Sunday's Spanish Super Cup first leg clash at the Nou Camp was quite eventful.
The Portuguese star was left on the bench as Real Madrid boss Zinedine Zidane looked to ease him into the season gently after his Confederations Cup exploits, but when he came on as a substitute for Karim Benzema shortly before the hour mark then all hell broke loose.
After Lionel Messi's penalty had levelled the scores for Barcelona following a Gerard Pique own goal, Ronaldo struck to restore Real's lead.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
However - in a move surely designed to copy Lionel Messi's celebration from last season's Clasico - he took off his shirt to celebrate and was then booked.
Then just two minutes later he was adjudged to have dived in the box by referee Ricardo De Burgos, promptly earning a second yellow and then a red card. He responded by giving Burgos a shove, a move which has led to a fine and five-game suspension .
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But it is what Ronaldo did during the game which caught the attention of our friends at Opta, whose touch and heatmaps reveal Ronaldo's remarkable night.
As seen in his touchmap, he had just 11 touches during his 24 minutes on the pitch, with three of those being shots and four being passes - only two of which were successful.
(Image: Opta)
He also completed one dribble and conceded one foul - which were the run into the box and the dive which led to his red card.
Then his heatmap shows that he seemed to spent most of his time in positions favoured by a left-sided attacker and a right-back.
(Image: Opta)
He floated around in his own half a few times, but largely spent most of his time (the brighter spots on the pitch) in and just on the edge of the penalty area.
He'll be spending more time in the stands now though...
North Atlantic right whales are among the rarest marine mammals in the world, and they have endured a deadly year.
FILE – In this April 10, 2008 file photo, a North Atlantic right whale peers up from the water as another whale passes behind in Cape Cod Bay near Provincetown, Mass. Federal ocean regulators are recommending in an October 2017 report that the North Atlantic right whale remain listed as endangered as the species nears the end of a year of dangerously high mortality. (AP Photo/Stephan Savoia, File)
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — Officials with the federal government say it's time to consider the possibility that endangered right whales could become extinct unless new steps are taken to protect them.
North Atlantic right whales are among the rarest marine mammals in the world, and they have endured a deadly year. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has said there are only about 450 of the whales left and 17 of them have died so far in 2017.
The situation is so dire that American and Canadian regulators need to consider the possibility that the population won't recover without action soon, said John Bullard, the Northeast Regional Administrator for NOAA Fisheries. The high year of mortality is coinciding with a year of poor reproduction, and there are only about 100 breeding female North Atlantic right whales left.
“You do have to use the extinction word, because that's where the trend lines say they are,” Bullard said. “That's something we can't let happen.”
Bullard and other NOAA officials made the comments during a Tuesday meeting of the regulatory New England Fishery Management Council. Mark Murray-Brown, an Endangered Species Act consultant for NOAA, said right whales have been declining in abundance since 2010, with females hit harder than males.
The U.S. and Canada must work to reduce the human-caused deaths of the whales, Murray-Brown said. Vessel-strikes and entanglement in fishing gear are two frequently cited causes of the whales' deaths.
“The current status of the right whales is a critical situation, and using our available resources to recover right whales is of high importance and high urgency,” he said.
The animals give birth in temperate southern waters and then head to New England and Canada every spring and summer to feed. All of this year's deaths were off of New England and Canada.
Some recent scientific studies have shed some light on why whale deaths have ticked up. One, published in the journal Nature Scientific Reports, stated that the whales move around much more than previously thought. Some scientists have posited that whales might be venturing outside of protected areas in search of food, putting themselves in harm's way.
In another study, published last month in the journal Endangered Species Research, scientists examined right whale feces and found whales that suffer long entanglements in fishing gear produce hormone levels that indicate high stress. The stress negatively impacts their ability to reproduce even when they survive entanglement, scientists said.
“My colleagues are trying to find solutions so we can find out how they can continue to fish, but not entangle whales,” said a study co-author, Elizabeth Burgess, an associate scientist with the Anderson Cabot Center for Ocean Life at the New England Aquarium in Boston.
A five-year NOAA review of right whales that was released in October said the animals should remain on the endangered list. It also included recommendations to protect the species. They included developing a long-term plan for monitoring the population trends and habitat use, and studying the impact of commercial fishing on right whales.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
OSHAWA, Ont. — Ontario's police watchdog is investigating after a 26-year-old man was injured in a traffic collision in Oshawa.
The Special Investigations Unit says Durham regional police tried to stop a vehicle around 1 a.m. Wednesday.
They say the vehicle ran into a tree, seriously injuring the driver.
The SIU says they have assigned forensic investigators and a collision reconstruction specialist to the case.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was a crime that sent shockwaves through Greater Manchester - yet almost a decade later it hasn't been solved.
Two would-be hitmen were shot dead with their own guns after storming into a notorious pub in Salford and firing at their victim.
But in a bizarre twist of fate, the target - who was shot six times - survived, and while the failed assassins were disarmed and killed.
Two young gang members from Moss Side, Carlton Alveranga, 20, and Richard Austin, 19, were the hired guns who had been sent - almost forced - into one of the city's toughest pubs to shoot dead a young upstart they didn't even know.
They were lambs sent to their own slaughter.
Moments after they burst into the Brass Handles, where regulars were watching Manchester United beating Newcastle on a busy Sunday lunchtime on March 12, 2006, they were disarmed and shot dead with their own guns.
Fatally injured, the would-be hitmen staggered out of the pub onto a grass croft beside Fitzwarren Street where they collapsed and died, reports the Manchester Evening News .
In a trademark Salford gangland move following any crime inside a pub, someone ripped the CCTV system .
And the word went out: this is Salford and no-one speaks to the law. No-one inside the Pendleton pub that day - and there were hundreds - would speak to the police.
To this day no-one has ever been brought to justice for the killing of Alveranga and Austin, who were believed to be in the debt of the Moss Side gang boss who organised the hit.
That man was Ian McLeod, a founder member of the notorious Doddington crew who had sent these two young men to what turned out to be their own deaths.
(Image: Copyright Cavendish Press)
(Image: Reuters)
McLeod had parked up close to the pub in his Ford Mondeo. As his hired guns lay mortally wounded his mind was still on the intended targets. He was heard to ask: “Are they dead yet?”
He walked onto the grass to check his charges were dead before calmly driving away.
At first, detectives thought the shooting was the result of a feud between rival gangs in Salford and Moss Side.
Over the weeks and months of the subsequent police investigation, seasoned detectives were shocked when they uncovered the truth: this crime was made in Salford, despite it appearing to be otherwise.
McLeod was then 43 and all-but retired from serious crime - but still regarded as the leader of the Doddington.
He had himself been hired by one of Salford's most notorious figures - Bobby Speirs, a close friend of the city's ‘Mr Big', Paul Massey, who would himself be shot dead years later. Speirs is said to have paid McLeod £10,000 for the hit, not that the young men who were to carry out the dirty work were going to see any of that money.
At the moment Alveranga and Austin were walking into the Brass Handles, Speirs was enjoying a half-time pint in an executive box at Old Trafford where he was watching his beloved United beating Newcastle 2-0.
It was - he must have thought - the perfect alibi for the perfect crime.
But the mission failed and Speirs fled to Benidorm in Spain, believing he would never be unmasked as the man who had ordered the hit.
The man he wanted dead was Salford hardman David Totton - whose burgeoning criminal reputation and liking for violence demanded attention from his rivals.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Copyright Cavendish Press)
Speirs wanted Totton dead, but why? Neither man has ever gone public to explain their feud but the M.E.N established at the time that their feud was personal.
In the weeks or months before the shooting, Totton was refused entry to a Manchester nightclub and he told the bouncers he was a friend of Bobby Speirs, who was already inside. The doorman fetched the older man to the entrance and, even though he knew perfectly well who Totton was, Speirs feigned ignorance.
The doormen sent humiliated Totton on his way.
It is unclear whether this was meant simply as a laddish joke or something designed to belittle Totton.
Whatever the intention, in the subsequent weeks Totton suddenly started drinking in Speirs' local - The Brass Handles. Was this designed to spook Bobby Speirs? If that was the case, it worked. Speirs was worried. He quietly set about a plot to assassinate David Totton.
The plot was hatched: two hired young bucks from Moss Side would be sent into a pub in the city of Salford's heartland to kill Totton as he watched the match. Police would believe it was a feud between rivals in Moss Side and Salford and Speirs would go under the radar. That was the plan.
They were to be helped by a ‘spotter' inside the pub, convicted gun-runner Connie Howarth. She sent discreet messages from inside the Brass Handles to tell McLeod where Totton was sitting with his mates in the snooker room, information he could pass on to his reluctant hitmen. She was sitting at the bar, mobile phone in hand, and had a view across the bar to the snooker room where Totton was sitting with his mates.
It seems the hired would-be assassins WERE reluctant - evidence suggested McLeod had to force the two young men from his car so they could complete their mission.
(Image: Cavendish Press)
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGE BELOW
Detectives believed at the time that Austin and Alveranga were only in the car because of a debt they owed McLeod. The young men weren't believed to be there to make a pile of cash, but simply to get McLeod off their backs.
When they entered the pub they fired six times into Totton's chest before Austin's gun misfired and they were overpowered by other drinkers.
Totton, who was with a group of friends, was seriously hurt, but, incredibly, survived. Another man, not believed to be a target, Aaron Travers, was also hit, jumping up and taking two bullets meant for his friend Totton.
The table at which Totton and his friends had been sitting was upended and used as a shield against the Doddington gang members who had run into the pub and opened fire.
Totton and Travers were driven away and dumped outside a hospital, where they were treated and would make full recoveries despite serious injuries.
Neither would make a formal statement to the police about being shot and nor would anyone else who was in the pub that afternoon.
This was Salford's omerta at work, the almost impenetrable code of silence which protects the city's criminals from prosecution.
It means, more than ten years after Austin and Alveranga were shot dead, no-one has ever been charged over their killings.
For many outside the Greater Manchester's criminal fraternity, their loss isn't mourned - after all, they were about to murder someone in cold blood before they were disarmed and shot dead themselves.
But to their grieving families, of course, it was very different. Austin's mother Bridget had moved the family to Wythenshawe to help her son to escape the clutches of the gangs, but to no avail. “I worried every time Richard would not come home as he was probably in Moss Side. I had no idea who he was with,” she told police.
The last time she saw her son he was asleep on the sofa of her flat after half a bottle of red. She left the house and never saw him again. Alveranga's grandmother, Linda Connelly, saw him the day before the shooting, making some lunch for him before he went to a party.
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGE
(Image: PA)
(Image: Cavendish Press)
Alveranga had been released from a four-year sentence in 2005 but even before he was out McLeod was trying to visit him to ask about ‘security work'. If he wanted to go straight, McLeod clearly had other ideas.
The shooting, and it's main protagonists, have helped to shape the criminal landscape that exists in Greater Manchester today.
The target of the hit, David Totton, went on to become one of the most feared men in Salford, someone who has had repeated run-ins with the police.
The law did eventually catch up with McLeod and Spiers, no thanks to anyone inside the Brass Handles that day.
The central plank of the prosecution case, which eventually saw them convicted of conspiracy to commit murder, wasn't any witness - but evidence about their telephone communications before and after the botched hit.
All police had when they arrived at the scene were two dead bodies and two mobile phones on the grass beside them. From this unpromising beginning, a case evolved.
The phones were key. They were pay-as-you-go mobiles, which can frequently lead detectives nowhere, but officers realised one of them had been topped up with the help of a loyalty card with a name on it. From there, police were able to trace other mobile numbers and retrace an incriminating web of communications behind the main players in the plot.
The following year Howarth was jailed for a minimum of 20 years while McLeod was handed a minimum of 21 years, as part of their life sentences.
It was a major coup for Greater Manchester Police, which had routinely struggled to penetrate Salford's criminal underworld.
Meanwhile Spiers was living the high-life and enjoying the sunshine in Benidorm. He went to watch his beloved United whenever they were playing an away tie in Europe. Police kept an eye on him but could do nothing. For now.
Speirs had been instrumental in planning the operation and kept in touch with McLeod and Howarth on his mobile from his executive box at Old Trafford, communication police would later uncover, unmasking him as the man who had ordered the botched hit.
Finally, he was extradited back to the UK after a European arrest warrant was issued and he was jailed for a minimum of 23 years in 2009.
(Image: Copyright Cavendish Press)
His close friend Paul Massey, the man regarded as Salford's ‘Mr Big' - who was himself shot dead in 2015 - was pictured daubing ‘free Bobby Speirs' on the walls beside Salford Lads Club in the wake of the sentencing of his pal.
For a period in 2009 police investigating Austin and Alveranga's deaths were keen to speak to a suspected robber, who had been in the Brass Handles that day before going on the run, but nothing has ever come from that line of inquiry.
David Totton may have survived the shooting but he has continued to have run-ins with Greater Manchester Police. Police did not believe he was the man who had shot dead Austin and Alveranga but he certainly didn't tell police who did.
In 2011 he was handed 20 months behind bars after he admitted conspiracy to handle stolen goods. Before that he served a long prison sentence for beating up two car park attendants.
His computer log at GMP has a ‘firearms marker' on it, by virtue of surviving the Brass Handles shooting. On March 3, 2012, he was in the middle of another shooting - and this time it was the police doing the firing. He was sitting in the front passenger seat of a stolen, red Audi A6 estate, parked in Culcheth in Cheshire, when armed police swooped and shot dead the driver, his friend, Anthony Grainger. Again, Totton survived.
A public inquiry later heard Totton had been gloved and wearing a rolled up balaclava on his head. In the back of the car was Joey Travers, the brother of the man who had taken a couple of bullets for Totton, Aaron Travers. At the public inquiry into the death of Anthony Grainger earlier this year, Totton denied he was about to commit a robbery at a nearby supermarket and claimed they were there simply to collect a debt from a man called ‘Fenton'.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
He, and many others, were defined by that shootout at the Brass Handles in 2006 and the subsequent police investigation.
“It was a remarkable case and hopefully we won't go back to those bad times ever again. They were just young lads really. It was such a tragedy,” recalled Andy Tattersall, the now retired detective superintendent who led the original inquiry.
Today the file remains open on the murders of Carlton Alveranga and Richard Austin - just don't expect anyone in Salford to tell you about it.
Martin Bottomley, head of GMP's Cold Case Unit said: “Whilst we have never found those responsible for the murders of Richard Austin and Carlton Alveranga, we will never close the case.
“Should any new information about historic murders come to light, these will always be followed up appropriately.
“Anyone with any information about the case should call GMP's Cold Case Unit on 0161 856 5961 or the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle might be preparing herself for a lifetime of tiaras and pearls when she marries into royalty next year, but things were very different back in her game show days.
The Suits actress, who is newly engaged to Prince Harry, once donned a 'sexy' Mrs Claus outfit as she appeared as one of the 'briefcase girls' on the US version of Deal or No Deal.
For the festive special in 2006 Meghan slipped into a thigh-skimming red velvet mini dress - complete with white fur trimming.
(Image: NBCUniversal)
(Image: NBCUniversal)
In resurfaced pictures from the Christmas episode, Meghan, now 36, is seen giggling away with the other glamorous assistants as she works a series of poses.
She wears a clingy and short red dress that shows off her cleavage and long legs, while her long, brunette locks were blow-dried into bouncy curls.
She even donned a pair of heeled sandals as she tottered around in the fake snow.
(Image: NBCUniversal)
Meghan was 25 when she starred on the US version of the game show which became a cult classic when it first aired in the UK fronted by Noel Edmonds.
The American remake of the show has glamorous assistants - all female, all wearing matching plunging dresses and heels, of course - opening steel suitcases as contestants eliminate various monetary amounts in a bid to win a million dollars.
And Meghan joined the line-up 11 years ago when she was a struggling actress trying to make ends meet.
(Image: Youtube)
(Image: REUTERS)
Meghan once opened up about her life as a reality star, telling Esquire that she wasn't proud of her Deal Or No Deal stint.
"I would put that in the category of things I was doing while I was auditioning to try to make ends meet," she said in 2013.
"I went from working in the US Embassy in Argentina to ending up on Deal. It's run the gamut."
(Image: Youtube)
She went on: "Definitely working on Deal Or No Deal was a learning experience, and it helped me to understand what I would rather be doing.
"So if that's a way for me to gloss over that subject, then I will happily shift gears into something else."
Meghan added: "I would end up standing there forever in these terribly uncomfortable and inexpensive five-inch heels just waiting for someone to pick my number so I could go and sit down."
Five years later, Meghan landed her role of Rachel Zane in Suits, in which she starred for six seasons before quitting the show to become a royal consort following her engagement to Prince Harry.
(Image: Getty)
Meghan Markle is set to make her first official visit to Buckingham Palace for pre-Christmas dinner.
A royal family get-together is usually held a week before Christmas and it has been reported royal officials have been briefed to expect the American actress this year.
The dinner is likely to be held on December 19 or 20 and Meghan will also be at the royal family's festive celebrations at Sandringham from Christmas Eve.
LONDON — When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago, tuberculosis nearly derailed his career.
This year, the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup.
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out. It was found to be tuberculosis, which put him in the hospital for five months. Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs.
"That would have ended my career, I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said this week at the Brazilian team's training camp in London. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
Silva, who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar, never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup. In Russia, though, Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite.
Another PSG player, Marquinhos, and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil's matches in the last two years.
When Silva had his health issues in 2005, it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs.
"I knew Thiago from Brazil, took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia," Wortmann, who is also Brazilian, told The Associated Press.
Silva's mother, Angela, and his wife, Isabelle, also thought the surgery was unnecessary.
"I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream," Isabelle said. "I am not a doctor, but no one believed he should go through surgery.
Another patent has been uncovered that points to a possible development with future products, in this case Apple's MacBooks might just see the return of the MagSafe connector.
As spotted by Apple World Today, a patent has been filed by Apple for a ‘magnetic adapter' which uses a MagSafe design, featuring an adapter onto which a USB-C connector can be attached (or indeed another type of connector).
For the uninitiated, the original MagSafe connector used a magnet to attach itself. This meant if you had your MacBook plugged into a power socket and someone tripped over the cable, the connection would break and the cord would simply detach – as opposed to yanking your laptop onto the ground and possibly breaking the thing.
The MagSafe connector was unceremoniously dropped from the MacBook and new MacBook Pro models with the introduction of USB-C, however, it's still on the aging MacBook Air.
These are the best laptop deals for April 2017
Image Credit: Apple World Today
Magnetic safety
This patent shows a product which would essentially work in the same way, except in this case, the cord would detach from the back of the USB-C adapter – as shown in the image above – still ensuring that your notebook isn't accidentally pulled off a surface to its potential doom.
If MagSafe is a feature you wish hadn't been stripped from the new MacBook Pro, then, maybe your luck is in for the future. There are plenty of folks in that particular boat, by all accounts.
That said, as with any big technology company, Apple files a host of patents, many of which are speculative, so this is a long way from any guarantee that the concept will ever come to fruition.
If nothing else, though, it shows Apple understands that the feature is missed by many. That's something third-party accessory manufacturers have already realized, mind, with similar solutions to this already out there such as Griffin Technology's BreakSafe which was launched last year.
A Houston, Texas woman tried to set a car on fire with herself and her three young daughters still inside, police say. Police say Ana Segovia eventually fled the vehicle being arrested. She is charged with three counts of aggravated assault. Click2Houston Broadcast/Screenshot
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brandi Glanville became infamous for throwing wine at her cast-mates on numerous occasions in Real Housewives of Beverly Hill.
So her fans were extremely excited for drama when she walked into the Celebrity Big Brother house.
However, she's been extremely quiet during her time in the Channel 5 show, and barely been involved in any altercations whatsoever.
But it seems she's FINALLY about to snap in a clip from tonight's episode.
(Image: C5)
Speaking to Jordan Davies, Brandi says: "I just need some, like a switch up, I just need it f**king to change."
The Ex On The Beach star tells her: "But we'll do that tonight 'cause I need it as well, Brandi."
She thanks him but then continues to admit she's been "suppressing" her true colours.
Brandi rants: "I'm f**king over this s**t.
(Image: C5)
"Tiptoeing f**king around people and being on eggshells and s**t.
"It's mentally exhausting.
"I've f**king suppressed who I am to please everyone else and I can't do it anymore."
*Celebrity Big Brother continues on Channel 5 tonight at 9pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A police force is asking for unpaid volunteers to drive their officers around in a desperate attempt to take pressure off bobbies on the beat.
The six "driver support service" roles at Avon and Somerset Constabulary would work ten hour shifts moving officers from job to job, for no pay.
The force have said the scheme is designed to "relieve pressures on frontline officers".
Cash strapped forces across the UK have lost thousands of officers after government cuts in the last decade, and have resorted to usual ways to make the most of the resources available.
Aside from running routine errands volunteers will also be expected to ensure accurate mileage and journey times are kept.
The scheme is due to be implemented this spring, and the working hours are 8am until 6pm with breaks.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Volunteers would be based at Patchway Police Centre in Bristol but would be expected to cover the entire area of the Avon and Somerset patch.
Drivers would receive daily requests from bobbies on the beat.
The job is open to anyone over the age of 25 with a full driving licence and a "good knowledge" of the Highway Code.
Perks of the job are described as "being a valued member of Avon and Somerset Constabulary."
The job would involve tasks such as collecting medication for detainees and taking evidence and officers to court.
The benefits are "an opportunity to use your driving skills for the benefit of policing" and "contributing directly to improving the effectiveness of police officer time."
Aside from running routine errands volunteers will also be expected to ensure accurate mileage and journey times are kept.
The scheme is due to be implemented this spring, and the working hours are 8am until 6pm with breaks.
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Volunteers would be based at Patchway Police Centre in Bristol but would be expected to cover the entire area of the Avon and Somerset patch.
Drivers would receive daily requests from bobbies on the beat.
The job spec said: "We are looking for an enthusiastic and motivated team of volunteers who can relieve some of the demand and pressures on our front line officers by providing a driver support service.
"This may involve delivering and collecting items or transporting police officers and their exhibits to and from court."
Volunteers will have access to a fully insured unmarked vehicle with a sat nav, and mobile phone.
Temporary assistant chief constable Steve Cullen said: "This scheme is all about embracing trusted members of the community who wish to participate in policing and maximising the amount of time officers and staff spent carrying out their core roles.
"We anticipate the volunteer drivers helping with things like collecting detainee medication or supporting officers in dropping them off and collecting them to conduct enquiry in busy settings such as Bristol city centre.
"Not only does this enable our officers to keep working on mobile devices whilst being driven but it will ensure that our cars are being used efficiently and not tied up all day for one appointment."
Meghan Markle's family are under the pump again, this time from a close associate of the royal family.
Meghan Markle's family are under the pump again, this time from a close associate of the royal family.
AN old school friend of Prince Charles has reportedly labelled Meghan Markle's family as "common" and her dad Thomas as a "huge lump".
Nicky Haslam, who went to Eton with Prince Charles and socialised with Princess Diana, reportedly told the Daily Mail that the new Duchess of Sussex's family is "frightfully common".
When asked to describe the new royal in-laws, Haslam, who was born to one of Queen Victoria's goddaughters, reportedly said, "They're frightfully common."
And the newspaper said Haslam also told of his apparent relief that Meghan's dad did not attend the wedding at Windsor Castle on May 19.
Thomas Markle, 73, was forced to miss walking his daughter down the aisle after suffering a heart attack days after being caught posing for staged paparazzi snaps.
According to the Daily Mail, Haslam added: "It would have been awful if that huge lump [Meghan's dad] had been there.
Meghan's sister, Samantha Markle. Picture: Supplied
Thomas Markle Jr has had his run-ins with police. Picture: Supplied
"The royals probably don't quite know how to deal with them."
But Haslem didn't leave his vitriol just for Meghan's beleaguered family; he also reportedly had a crack at her wedding dress.
Haslam told the newspaper he "didn't very much like" her $360,000 Givenchy bridal gown by British designer Clare Waight Keller.
Meghan's mum Doria Ragland escaped the ire of Prince Charles' friend. Picture: Getty Images
Reportedly saying "it didn't fit", he added: "It should have been made of thinner stuff, it seemed to be made of concrete".
But cabaret singer and former designer Haslam did reportedly reserve praise for one member of Meghan's family - mum Doria Ragland.
He said: "One person who wasn't common was her mother".
These days Haslam makes a living as a cabaret singer.
Clarence House declined to comment on his remarks.
- with The Sun
EMBED >More News Videos Riverside County District Attorney Mike Hestrin revealed horrific details about the 13 siblings who were allegedly held captive by their parents in Perris.
EMBED >More News Videos Video shows a first look inside the Turpin family home in Perris, revealed by the 17-year-old daughter who escaped.
The 13 siblings who were rescued from their Perris home where their parents allegedly held them captive are enjoying their newfound freedom, their attorney said in an ABC News exclusive interview."I think the favorite new experience for them is moving into new bedrooms, where they have been able to pick out their own bedding, have closets with their clothes in them, be able to have a bathroom right handy that they can use, and probably most of all just to go outside," attorney Jack Osborn said.The oldest siblings were released from Corona Regional Medical Center on Thursday and are now sharing one home under state care. The younger six have been split up into two additional homes.The older siblings are experiencing many firsts -- like learning to cook and trying Mexican food. They're also caring for the family dogs."They are joyful, they are warm, they are considerate...I give them a lot of credit for helping each other, relying on each other. I think they've learned how to bring out the best in each other over the years," Osborn said.Their parents, David and Louise Turpin, remain behind bars on dozens of charges including torture and child endangerment.The attorney for the adult siblings says they've communicated with their younger brothers and sisters through Skype, and they all hope to have a reunion soon.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dad dressed as a nun singing on top of a cliff in true Julie Andrews ' style has found a funny way to promote his August bank holiday event.
Canny businessman Robert Braddick, who owns Braddicks Leisure in the seaside village of Westward Ho!, came up with the unusual way to promote his free music event .
He swapped his usual smart attire to look like the famous nun character in the classic cliff top scene from The Sound of Music.
The words of the song have been cleverly changed to, "The Ho! is alive with the sound of music", to advertise a three-day live music event being held at the Waterfront Inn in Westward Ho! from August 25 to 27.
The video, aptly named The Sand of Music, has already had more than 70,000 views
For the past seven years, the 45-year-old has hosted Bradfest, but it became so popular it was shut down by police in 2016, as it attracted too many people.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Robert has been allowed to continue the bank holiday music extravaganza this year by giving it a new name, The Sand of Music, and is limiting the numbers to 750 people at the Waterfront Inn which will have four marquees.
"It's all been amicable," said Robert.
"The new name is a reference to the beach the premises is on.
"As it's had a name change I thought it would be quite funny to make a video with the lyrics apt to the area. There's reference in there to the car park I own and our two pubs.
(Image: SWNS.com)
"I have been surprised by peoples' reaction to it and the numbers who have seen it already. I think it shows Westward Ho! in a nice light, especially as it was a sunny day when we filmed it.
"I'm not sure about the singing though. I don't think I will be getting a telephone call anytime soon!"
Robert says he has no previous stage or singing experience, and isn't planning a sudden change of career.
"It's just bit of fun," he said.
"I do like advertising that when you see it your reaction is to smirk or smile, and I hope that's what this video does."
Robert is already a popular businessman in the village.
Last year he was hailed by residents after buying his local car park off the council and immediately making it free for motorists rather than £3 a day.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
He also bought a 12-bedroom Victorian property next to the car park which was in need of extensive refurbishment and renovation.
The father-of-two, whose family have run the nearby Braddicks Holiday Centre for nearly 70 years, said the car park was in a field his grandfather owned until 1965.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
While most people were busy building snowmen and making snow angels, two friends crafted a sculpture of a very different kind in the middle of the road.
Jokers Mark Harris and his friend Connall Beith built a five foot high snow penis when the snow fell in Chatteris, Cambridgeshire.
The carefully crafted structure has been a source of amusement for locals with many stopping to take pictures of it and laughing as they pass.
Posting a picture of the sight on a village community page on Sunday, one local said she found it "so funny".
WARNING: OFFENSIVE LANGUAGE BELOW
"Chatteris in all its glory. Delete if not allowed," she joked.
Local Alan Growler later added: "I just saw some kids carting it away with what looked like a shopping trolley."
So far the post has gathered 457 likes and 49 comments from people who have seen the funny side to the creation.
(Image: Cambridge News WS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The men responsible for the prank told the Cambridgeshire News they built it to put a smile on people's faces.
"We decided to make it for a couple of reasons, mostly just because we thought it would be funny and it seemed to put a lot of smiles on people's faces," said Mark.
"The majority of traffic slowed down, stopping to take pictures and laughing as they drove past.
"Ultimately, we were just having a bit of fun and trying to bring a bit of humour to the community, which most people really enjoyed and appreciated."
It is estimated around 20cm of snow fell over Cambridgeshire on Sunday.
MOSCOW: North Korea is preparing to test a long-range missile which it believes can reach the west coast of the United States, a Russian lawmaker just returned from a visit to Pyongyang was quoted as saying on Friday.
Anton Morozov, a member of the Russian lower house of parliament´s international affairs committee, and two other Russian lawmakers visited Pyongyang on Oct. 2-6, Russia´s RIA news agency reported.
“They are preparing for new tests of a long-range missile. They even gave us mathematical calculations that they believe prove that their missile can hit the west coast of the United States,” RIA quoted Morozov as saying.
“As far as we understand, they intend to launch one more long-range missile in the near future. And in general, their mood is rather belligerent.”
Tensions have risen in recent weeks over North Korea´s nuclear weapons and missile programs as Pyongyang has test-fired several missiles and conducted what it said was a test explosion of a hydrogen bomb as it advances toward its goal of developing a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the US mainland.
Morozov´s comments drove up the price of US Treasury bonds, as investors, worried about the prospect of new North Korean missile tests, moved into assets the market views as a safe haven in times of uncertainty.
Reuters was not able to independently verify Morozov´s account, and he did not specify which North Korean officials had given him the information about the planned test.
In Washington, a US official said that there had been indications that North Korea could be preparing for a missile test on or around Oct. 10, the anniversary of the founding of the ruling Korean Workers Party and a day after the Columbus Day holiday in the United States.
The official, speaking on condition of anonymity, did not disclose the type of missile that could be tested and cautioned that North Korea in the past has not staged launches despite indications that it would.
A senior CIA analyst, speaking at a conference in Washington this week, said the North Korean government likely would stage some kind of provocation on Oct. 10 but did not elaborate on what form it might take.
“There is a clarity of purpose in what (North Korean leader) Kim Jong-un is doing. I don't think he's done,” said Yong Suk Lee, the deputy assistant director of the CIA's Korea Mission Center, which was set up this year.
“In fact, I told my own staff (that) October 10th is the Korean Workers Party founding day. That's Tuesday in North Korea, but Monday – the Columbus Day holiday – in the United States. So stand by your phones.”
Morozov´s delegation had “high-level” meetings in Pyongyang, RIA news agency said, citing the Russian embassy in the North Korean capital.
Tensions over North Korea´s nuclear programme have been running high in recent weeks since Pyongyang staged a series of missile tests, and conducted a test explosion on Sept. 3 of what it said was a hydrogen bomb.
There has also been an exchange of tough rhetoric between Pyongyang and Washington. US President Donald Trump threatened to “totally destroy” North Korea if it threatens the United States.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un responded by calling Trump deranged and saying he would pay dearly for his threat.
China, North Korea´s main ally, has backed sanctions against Pyongyang and on Saturday in response to the Nobel Peace Prize being awarded to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, said it backed a worldwide ban on nuclear weapons.
“China has always supported a complete and total ban on nuclear weapons, but also believes that the goal of achieving nuclear disarmament cannot be achieved overnight and must advance gradually within the existing disarmament mechanism. China is willing to work with all parties to achieve a nuclear-weapon-free world,” said China's foreign ministry.
“Bellicose rhetoric”
Morozov is a member of the LDPR, a right-wing populist party. It casts itself as an opposition party but hews close to the Kremlin line on matters of international affairs.
Describing meetings with North Korean officials, Morozov said they “displayed serious determination and bellicose rhetoric,” RIA reported.
“The situation, of course, demands the swiftest intervention of all interested states, particularly those represented in the region, in order to prevent wide-scale military action,” the agency quoted him as saying.
Russia has closer relations with Pyongyang than many other world powers, linked in part to Kim Il Sung, the founder of North Korea and the current leader´s grandfather, having lived for a time in the Soviet Union.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has joined other world powers in condemning North Korea´s weapons programme but has taken a softer line than Western governments. Putin has said that Pyongyang will not be cowed into giving up its weapons programme.
He has accused Washington of trying to effect regime change in North Korea and predicted that would unleash chaos.
US Treasury prices surged on the report of a possible new missile test, pulling yields lower, as investors cut risk out of their portfolios and sought the safety of Treasuries.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is believed to be the terrifying moment a suicide bomber detonated an explosive device at New York Port Authority bus station as panicked commuters fled.
The footage, which has not been verified, shows a blast as commuters flee.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news .
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
New Delhi: Responding to the fresh set of summons sent by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), absconding jeweller Mehul Choksi again wrote a letter to the investigative agency stating that was impossible for him to return to India and join the investigation due to the suspension of his passport and ill-health.
“Regional Passport Office hasn't communicated with me and my passport remains suspended. I have the deepest respect for your offices and assure you that I am not making any excuse, whatsoever to travel to India,” Choksi said.
In a detailed e-mail reply to the CBI's notice seeking his appearance, he added, “I am extremely held up in my business abroad and am I working hard to resolves the issues it is facing due to the unnecessary closure of business in India due to untenable allegations. Further I am unable to travel to India due to my persisting health condition.”
On the first week of this month CBI had sent fresh summons a to designer diamond jewellery businessman Nirav Modi and his uncle Choksi to join investigations immediately. The agency had earlier sent summons on February 19, 23 and 28 asking them to appear on March 7.
“I reiterate that I am abroad and have earlier also responded to your notices. Surprisingly, the issues raised remain unaddressed, making my fear of safety rise to extreme levels. Media continues to conduct a trial by itself and blow every issue out of proportion,” he said.
“I further inform that requiring me to join investigation, though leaving me helpless and information less, by various actions taken by multiple agencies is unfair. The manner in which the allegations have been exaggerated has left me completely defenseless,” Choksi added.
Choksi, Modi and others are being investigated by the CBI and ED after the bank fraud recently came to light, following a complaint by the PNB that they had allegedly cheated the nationalised bank to the tune of Rs 12,000 crore, with the purported involvement of a few employees of the bank The CBI and the ED have registered two FIRs each to probe the case.
Both Choksi and Modi have left the country before criminal cases were lodged against them. They have, however, denied any wrongdoing. The ED, a central probe agency under the union finance ministry, is investigating if the allegedly defrauded bank funds were laundered and proceeds of crime were subsequently used by the accused to create illegal assets and black money.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A restaurant waiter murdered his boss as he grabbed him by the neck and 'squeezed the life' out of him in a fit of rage over cocaine.
Vincenzo Tavano, 33, went to see his manager and best friend Giorgio Roncari, 61, to buy drugs, but the older man refused.
Tevano grabbed his mentor Mr Roncari around the neck and choked him until his eyes rolled back and he dropped to the floor.
The killer later told police he placed a red plastic bag over the victim's head to see if he was still breathing.
He then took cash and credit cards from Mr Roncari's lifeless body - using them to go on a spending spree - and stole his Jaguar, the Manchester Evening News reports.
(Image: FACEBOOK)
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
Over the next few days Tevano used the cards to make a variety of purchases ranging from a McDonald's meal to a brand-new iPhone.
Tavano was today jailed for life after admitting murder at Manchester Crown Square Court.
He must serve at least 17 years behind bars before he is considered for parole.
Sentencing Tavano, Mr Justice William Davis said the killer's remorse and sorrow had come ‘rather late in the day'.
(Image: FACEBOOK)
He added: “This was not a brief loss of temper. This was sustained over about a minute.”
Tavano and Mr Roncari, both originally from Milan, Italy, first became friends four years ago while both men were working in the restaurant trade.
The older man helped Tavano find work, allowed him to borrow his car and had become a respected ‘mentor' to his killer, the court heard.
But their friendship came to an end when Tavano and his brother visited Mr Roncari at his plush Salford flat last April 15.
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
(Image: Manchester Evening News)
Arriving at the apartment on Blackburn Street, Trinity, for a social visit, things quickly became heated. Cocaine-addicted Tavano asked his friend to sell him some drugs but Mr Roncari refused.
Tavano already owed money to Mr Roncari who refused to sell to him on credit, the court heard.
In a fit of rage Tevano grabbed his friend around the neck and started to choke until his eyes rolled back and he dropped to the floor.
The killer later told police he had placed a red plastic bag over Mr Roncari's head to see if he was still breathing as he was not sure if his friend was dead.
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
Helping himself to £20 and several bank cards, Tavano also took Mr Roncari's Jaguar from outside his home.
The car was later dumped on Chester Street in Manchester city centre at 4.50am by Tavano, who was caught on CCTV taking a taxi home to Poynton.
Within hours Tavano had used the bank cards to withdraw £270 from Mr Roncari's account.
Over the next few days he made 18 purchases using Mr Roncari's accounts including a chocolate bar, a McDonald's meal, a coffee machine, a drill and a baseball cap from TK Maxx.
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
Mr Roncari, a manager at the Italian eatery Avalanche, had been facing trial after a raid on his home uncovered a stash of Class A drugs.
Just weeks before his murder, Mr Roncari appeared at Manchester Crown Court, where he entered not guilty pleas to three charges of possessing class A drugs with intent to supply.
As a condition of his bail he was required to report to Longsight Police Station each day.
When he failed to turn up on the weekend of April 15 and 16 police visited his flat the following Monday.
It was only then that Mr Roncari's body was discovered and a murder investigation was launched.
After tracing online purchases which had been collected by Tavano using his friend's bank cards, police also tracked him on CCTV buying items with Mr Roncari's bank card.
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
Just days before the murder, Tavano had been sentenced for possession of cocaine and a baseball bat and was arrested while on community service on April 25.
He told officers Mr Roncari was a ‘kind man, a sweet man' and a good friend who would lend him his bank cards because he knew he liked to spend money.
He initially told detectives his friend was ‘alive and well' when he had left his flat on Friday night.
But he later admitted that they had argued and he had grabbed Mr Roncari around the neck choking him.
He insisted that he had not intended to kill him.
Andrew Thomas, defending, said former street cleaner Tavano is ‘truly sorry' and had lived a ‘blameless life' until recently.
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
The barrister said Tavano had been helping his friend to import and sell wine and almost all his income came from him.
“He did not intend to kill Mr Roncari but he accepts that in his anger he intended really serious harm,” he added.
Tavano, of Park Lane, Poynton, admitted murder.
Sentencing him to life, Mr Justice Davis said: “The man you killed was a good friend of yours. He was a man who was respected by friends and family and did a great deal of good for the community.
“You say you are truly sorry not least because he was such a good friend.
“On a visit to his home you asked him for drugs and because you had not the means to pay, he refused. Instead you began to strangle him and you accept it was about a minute that you were squeezing the life out of him.
“Having killed him and put a plastic bag over his head you went through his flat and stole what you could.
“Instead of grieving or seeking assistance you gathered up his bank cards and set about fleecing his bank and credit card accounts and spent about a week doing so.
“This leads me to believe that the remorse and sorrow you feel has come rather late in the day.”
Senior Investigating Officer Duncan Thorpe of Greater Manchester Police's Major Incident Support Unit, said: “Tavano's anger fuelled his actions that night, taking a man's life over a dispute.
“The immoral and opportunist behaviour he displayed after he murdered a man proves there is no place better for him than behind bars.
“Giorgio was a well-liked and popular man in Salford and will be terribly missed.
“My thoughts remain with his family and friends at this time.”
New Delhi: CRPF braveheart Chetan Kumar Cheetah, who was last year awarded Kirti Chakra - the second highest peacetime gallantry medal - has finally resumed active duty as the Commandant at the force headquarter in Delhi.
Cheetah, who reported back to duty last week, was fatally shot by the terrorists during a fierce gunbattle in Hajin area of Bandipora in North Kashmir in February last year.
Cheetah's survival was ''nothing short of a miracle'' as he was left almost dead after the gunbattle in Hajin.
Cheetah had suffered multiple gunshots during the encounter between terrorists and security forces in the wee hours of February 14, 2017, in Hajin area of Bandipora.
The gunbattle started after an Army patrol party, which was conducting a search operation in Bandipora, was targeted by the terrorists hiding in the area.
Cheetah, the Commandant of 45 battalions, bravely stalled the terrorists and ended up in suffering multiple gunshots.
After being shot 9 times by the terrorists, the CRPF braveheart was initially taken to the base hospital in Srinagar where he was operated upon and given primary treatment, after which he was flown to the AIIMS Trauma Centre.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh had praised Cheetah's courage, will and determination, and later Army chief General Bipin Rawat too visited him while he was in the hospital.
Cheetah had joined the CRPF in Jaunary, 1998.
Cheetah, who hails from Rajasthan, was later awarded the Kirti Chakra, the second highest peacetime gallantry medal last year, for his exploits against the terrorists.
The commandant during his year-long recovery had reiterated several times that "military solution to Kashmir can be the only political solution to Kashmir's problem".
Aden Park's popular Christmas fair will take place on Sunday, December 3.
The event, which runs from 11am to 3pm, will be held in the polytunnels in the Wallede Garden at the Mintlaw park. The Polytunnels are located between the two car parks at the entrance to the courtyard .
If you are looking for stocking fillers or that special gift for that hard to buy for person then why not head along to this year's fair. Not only will there be a fantastic range of local crafters and producers, but there will also be Santa's grotto, face painting and traditional Christmas music from the Aurora Choir.
Aurora is an amateur female choir which is based at Rora, near Peterhead, and has been performing for charity over the last ten years or more, mainly for Children In Need. They have performed at many local venues, including both Longside and Mintlaw Galas and at the North East of Scotland College for a few of their graduation ceremonies.
For the last two years, they have held a concert at MACBI Community Hub, and the combined total of all their efforts to-date has raised more than £5,000.
The Aden Craft Gift Shop will also be open from 11am to 3pm, offering a great range of local crafters' produce as well as Christmas gifts including children's toys, books, cards, bags, scarfs, and jewellery, all at fantastic prices. The Café at Aden will also be open on the Sunday.
Santa will be in his grotto between 12pm and 2pm, with tickets being available for £5.
The Aden Christmas Fair is being organised by the Friends of Aden Country Park with any profits going towards future events and activities in Aden.
For further information visit the Aden Country Park or Friends of Aden website or Facebook pages for details.
LOS ANGELES: The actress Ellen Barkin has hit back at Hollywood director Terry Gilliam after he said the #MeToo movement against sexual harassment and assault has morphed into “mob rule.”
“My hard-won advice: never get into an elevator alone with Terry Gilliam,” the American actress, 63, tweeted over the weekend.
Barkin worked with Gilliam in the 1998 film “Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas”.
On Monday, she wrote on Twitter that according to Gilliam, Harvey Weinstein was exposed as an alleged serial sexual predator “‘because he is an asshole and made a lot of enemies,' not because he molested or raped over 80” women.
“What is it you are defending when you attack a movement whose goal is to keep women safe?” Barkin wrote.
On Friday, Gilliam raised eyebrows by saying in an interview with AFP that the reaction against the wave of sexual abuse and harassment revelations had become ugly and “simplistic… people are frightened to say things, to think things.”
He added: “I know enough girls who were in Harvey's suites who were not victims and walked out.”
“It's like when mob rule takes over,” Gilliam said.
Barkin reacted with a series of angry tweets against Gilliam but did not give any details about her allusion to “hard-won advice” about not riding alone in an elevator with the director. —AFP
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cheating car firms which fit devices to fiddle emissions tests could face unlimited fines under tough new rules.
Transport Minister Jesse Norman ordered a crackdown on manufacturers which develop so-called “defeat devices” to get round strict regulations aimed at tackling pollution.
The planned shake-up follows the Volkswagen emissions scandal, which affected more than 1.2 million vehicles in the UK and 11 million across the globe.
Under latest plans, guilty companies could face criminal charges and huge fines for selling new vehicles containing software designed to deceive legal tests.
Announcing a consultation, Transport Minister Jesse Norman said: “We continue to take the unacceptable actions of Volkswagen extremely seriously, and we are framing new measures to crack down on emissions cheats in future.
“Those who cheat should be held to proper account in this country, legally and financially, for their actions.”
The clampdown cannot be used retrospectively, meaning Volkswagen will escape punishment under the fresh regime for past offences.
(Image: Getty)
Officials said the new powers “would go above and beyond European requirements” so the Government would be able to prosecute any manufacturer who cheats on the required tests for their vehicle.
Currently, only manufacturers which “obtained or sought to obtain type approval in the UK” can face action, according to government officials.
They want powers to prosecute carmakers, importers and dealers which place a vehicle using a defeat device on the British market.
Diesel emissions have been under the spotlight since the Volkswagen scandal exploded in 2015, hitting customers' confidence in manufacturers' tests.
In September 2015, the Environmental Protection Agency found many VW cars on sale in the US featured a "defeat device" in diesel engines that could detect when they were being tested.
The software changed the performance to improve results – convincing officials standards were being met.
The German car giant later admitted cheating emissions tests in the US.
(Image: Getty)
Giving evidence to MPs in 2015, then Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin said Volkswagen deserved to suffer “very substantial damage” for cheating emission tests.
He told the Commons Transport Committee: “They have behaved in an appalling way.
“These devices were made illegal in 1998 and it is unbelievable to think a company the size and reputation of VW have been doing something like this.
“They are going to suffer very substantial damage as a result and they deserve to.”
Earlier this week it emerged the firm tested emission fumes on monkeys.
Ten Java monkeys were locked in small, airtight chambers for four hours at a time and exposed to diesel exhausts.
The animals were left to watch cartoons as they breathed in diesel fumes from a VW Beetle in the May 2015 experiments.
Following the emissions cheating scandal, the Department for Transport set up a programme to examine a range of best-selling diesel vehicles in the UK.
No other manufacturer tested was embroiled in a similar con to Volkswagen.
Volkswagen paid the British taxpayer £1.1million for the costs of the independent programme.
In contrast, the firm faces an estimated £14billion bill ($20billion) in the US for fines, compensation payments ad recalling affected vehicles.
It includes a £1.96billion ($2.8billion) criminal fine.
The Department for Transport also announced plans aimed at improving air quality, cutting carbon emissions and boosting road safety.
They include ensuring consumer information on the fuel economy of new cars includes results from beefed-up lab tests; moves to improve the environmental performance and safety of specialist and modified vehicles; and stricter rules on selling vehicles already in stock even if they fail to meet latest standards.
Mike Hawes, Chief Executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers, said, “Every new car sold in the UK meets the strictest of regulations governing everything from safety to emissions standards and how vehicles are tested and approved for sale.
"Government's own testing of vehicles on the road has consistently shown them to be fully compliant, and we are pleased that government recognises that manufacturers have been rigorous in meeting the standards.
"There are already severe penalties for any manufacturer involved in any kind of misconduct in the type approval process conducted here in the UK and the government is now looking to extend this to all vehicles wherever they have been approved.
"All new cars meet the toughest emission standards and government now has more powers to conduct in-service testing so consumers can be confident they are buying the cleanest and safest cars in history.”
By
St. Paul A.M.E. held a Friends and Family Day with guest speaker Rev. William Jenkins and St. Peter A.M.E. Congregation from Harrodsburg. Glenna Pennington was honored for her part in the Glenna Pennington Scholarship program that has give out $6300.00 since it was founded in the fall of 2008. The scholarship is given to college students who are in attendance at St. Paul who maintain a 2.5 GPA and attend 12 of 16 weeks to get a full scholarship of $300 per semester. $100 is given to the ones who attend 8 times and $50 for four times.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
(Left to right) Rev. Sherry Green, Glenna Penning, Harrison Pennington (magistrate), James Ed Garrison (mayor), Mamie Smith (city clerk), Darnell Hipshire, Barb Colter and Penny Robinson (city council members).
Rev. Green presents Glenna her own personalized stamps.
A large crowd was on hand for family and friends day,
St Paul pastor Rev. Sherry Green will be ordained as an interim elder Friday September 15 at 7:30 Friday at Marriott Griffin Gate on Newtown Pike in Lexington. They will graduate from seminary in December.
Margret Word accepted the award for most family and friends for the Gilbert Family
Fleyda Lyttle accepted the gift for second place.
The choir from St. Peter provided music.
The choir from St. Peter provided music.
The choir from St. Peter provided music.
The choir from St. Peter provided music.
New Delhi: Hardik Pandya made his Test debut for India count and how. After scoring a fifty in Galle and a 20 in Colombo, Pandya noched up his maiden ton in whites in the third Test.
Pandya's performance made such an impact that skipper Virat Kohli is going gaga over the all-rounder's achievements.
Riding on Pandya's 108 in the first innings at Kandy, India posted a mammoth score of 487 on the board. Sri Lanka's disappointing bowling attack made the matters worse for the hosts as the visitors registered an emphatic inning and 171 runs win at Pallekele to inflict a clean sweep on the islanders.
"A good day, a good win. Always nice to have a convincing win. I would say the regulars have performed, the biggest positive was Hardik's inclusions – he gives us a boost in the middle order," said Kohli in the post-match interaction.
Besides doing the job with the bat, Pandya picked up four wickets in the series. He said its not easy to have an immediate impact with the ball in Test cricket but expressed happiness to help the team with the willow.
"I was glad that I got my first hundred here, situation pretty good for me. I was always going to have a target in mind. Test cricket is not easy to get five-fors, takes plenty of hardwork. I'm alright with where the team needs me to bat," Pandya said.
With the 3-0 clean sweep of Sri Lanka, India recorded their first away series whitewash. Kohli believes the reason for the success is their ability to be reactive. "We are a young side, looking forward to all Tests, that's the only way you can be ruthless. We like to be proactive instead of reactive," said Kohli having led India to ninth straight series win.
Shikhar Dhawan was rewarded for an all around show in the series. He scored 338 runs in four innings with two centuries along the way. To think he was within touching distance of missing out and he was quite aware of that.
"Before the series, I was in Hong Kong enjoying my holiday. Things went very well for me."
"I got backup from my management. I enjoy playing this way, it's my natural game. I've to keep doing as nothing is permanent. We have tight competition for all positions," said Dhawan who came in following injury to Murali Vijay.
Spirits of the Six: Toronto's Yongehurst Distillery makes hyper-local booze
Spirits of the Six: Toronto's Yongehurst Distillery makes hyper-local booze
Two Torontonians keep the liquor strictly local at their small-batch Davenport distillery
There's a small-batch-spirits boom in Ontario right now, being fuelled by independent distillers selling local takes on whiskey, gin and vodka. Rather than chasing the same potential customers, Toronto's Yongehurst Distillery is experimenting with niche spirits few other North American upstarts are attempting to produce, such as triple sec, shochu and amaro. Thirtysomething pals Rocco Panacci (a software developer) and John-Paul Sacco (a general contractor) launched the business last summer in a Davenport industrial unit, without quitting their day jobs.
A locavorist passion drives the pair's project, with an emphasis on using ingredients grown and foraged in the GTA. Sacco's apple tree provided the fruit for one of Yongehurst's first efforts, an apple brandy. Panacci grows botanicals for infusing—such as wormwood, hyssop and anise—in the backyard of his home near Danforth and Greenwood, making him almost as much gardener as distiller. They've plucked elderflower, burdock and juniper from Crown lands in the 905.
There are easier ways to make money in the distilling business than by planting and harvesting your own ingredients. “It's time consuming,” Panacci says, “but almost therapeutic.”
What's in the bottle
Yongehurst Distillery is currently the only place to buy its spirits, as the company does not sell through the LCBO
Harbour Rum
The distillery's rum is Toronto's first since Gooderham and Worts went dark in 1990. Made with organic molasses and wild yeast, it's funky and a little moonshiney.
Lost Rivers Triple Sec
Few indie distillers have tried outmanoeuvring Cointreau on the triple sec front. Lost Rivers, as it's called here, adds a warm undercurrent of cardamom and other spices.
Acquavite di Vinaccia
Yongehurst's pomace brandy (they don't call it grappa because it doesn't come from Italy) smells of pear, mint and basil, with a fruity nose and earthy finish thanks to Niagara vidal grapes.
Elderflower Gin
Foraged elderflowers add a sweet floral note to this gin. The trick is gathering and infusing enough of them before the unpredictable, short-lived blossoms begin to turn brown.
Kasutori Shochu
Japan's traditional spirit gets a Toronto twist, distilled from koji-treated rice (koji is a type of mould) that has already done its duty for the Distillery District's Ontario Spring Water Sake Company.
346 Westmoreland Ave., yongehurst.com
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville, Va., Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter's life — and, with voice occasionally quavering, called on people to answer hate with forgiveness.
"My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that," the Sharpes, Fla., resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview. "With her, it wasn't lip service. It was real."
Just two days earlier, a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally, killing Heyer's daughter Heather, 32, and wounding 19 other people. Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack, saying "such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred."
The man allegedly behind the wheel, James Alex Fields Jr., had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas, according to a former teacher. Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run.
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that's "twisted into something negative" in its own right, Mark Heyer told the local newspaper.
"People need to stop hating, and they need to forgive each other. And I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy that did this," he said. "He doesn't know any better. You know, I just think of what the Lord said on the cross. Lord forgive him, they don't know what they're doing."
In this respect, he said he aspires to follow his daughter's example.
"You know, my daughter's life — she's ..." he paused, searching for words. "I'm proud of her for standing up. She had more courage than I did. She had more courage than I did. She had a stubborn backbone. She thought she was right. She would stand there and defy you.
"But if I understand her," he added, "she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction."
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend, Heather's mother, Susan Bro, also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a "very strong sense of right and wrong."
"It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening," Bro said, "and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given."
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed, along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S. In Seattle and New York City, Atlanta and in Grand Rapids, Mich., demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and, in the words of one protester, "resist it fearlessly."
"I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people's hearts," Mark Heyer said. "You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff, but when you take your last breath, it's over. It's done!
"You're going to take away what a person has and everything else they're going to have. There is no more — not here, you know," he added. "And that's — that's pretty much all I got, brother."
© Suzanne Plunkett / Reuters
The Seattle region is home to America's two richest men, but their local legacies to date represent two very different eras for the city.While Amazon's Jeff Bezos is blamed by some for rising rents and clogged city streets, Bill Gates is largely admired for helping lead the computing revolution and donating billions through his philanthropy.The Microsoft co-founder's legacy here includes opening the world's largest private charity across the street from the Space Needle, creating housing for homeless families and supporting charter schools.Today, Seattle is booming again with housing prices skyrocketing thanks to online retail giant Amazon's explosive growth that has added tens of thousands of well-paid workers to the area.Bezos has been a flashpoint in the tension that has come with success. The City Council recently passed - then quickly rescinded - a tax on large employers to combat homelessness, which Amazon opposed and successfully worked to strike down. A city councilwoman organized protests in front of Amazon buildings featuring people carrying "Tax Bezos" signs.Meanwhile, Gates has largely escaped the criticism directed at Bezos and other tech leaders as Seattle loudly debates how to respond to the advantages and downsides of being the United States' fastest-growing big city.Observers say Gates benefits from being a local and the world's leading philanthropist.Margaret O'Mara, a historian and University of Washington professor, said Gates came from a prominent Seattle family, arising in the public eye at a time when there was less anxiety about online privacy."It's a really, really different public persona," O'Mara said. "He recognized the importance of this responsibility, this broader civic responsibility, that he had great power to be incredibly influential, to deploy his intellect and persuasive powers for good."Early on, there was some criticism that Gates and his company could be better corporate citizens as Microsoft blossomed., though his controversial philanthropic work focused on changing America's school systems hasn't gone unnoticed at home.Microsoft has been headquartered in Seattle's once-sleepy eastern suburbs since 1979. The company is seen as the game-changer that allowed the region to shed its infamous "Boeing Bust" 1970s-era recession when the aircraft manufacturer laid off tens of thousands of workers during an economic slump.Amazon is far more visible near downtown since starting as an online book-seller in 1994. It emerged as one of the success stories from the 1990s dot-com boom and is now the city's largest private employer with more than 45,000 workers. Bezos, who grew up in Houston, moved to Seattle to launch his startup in part because of Washington state's favorable tax structure.Amazon declined to comment on Bezos' behalf.Bezos - who in the past year surpassed Gates as the world's richest person - recently hinted he too would take on philanthropy in a big way. He said on Twitter that he would announce his plans later this year. Locally, Bezos has been on the board of the Bezos Family Foundation that is run by his parents, which focuses on education nationally.He hasn't signed The Giving Pledge, an initiative launched by Gates encouraging billionaires to commit to giving away most of their wealth.Where Bezos has been criticized for not being present enough, Gates' nonprofit since 2000 has dedicated resources to helping local community issues. Food banks and domestic violence victims' assistance are among the modestly funded and lesser-known work of the powerful, globally focused Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Bill Gates is also credited with delivering a Washington state charter school law through campaign contributions and his foundation's support of the movement.David Bley, who leads the Gates Foundation's Pacific Northwest unit, said his team is the only one that functions in a more typical family foundation fashion by giving to local causes.Officially, just 1.5 percent - or almost $70 million - of the $4.6 billion the foundation gave away in 2016 benefited the needy in the Puget Sound region and Washington state, according to the foundation's annual report.The Gates Foundation estimates it contributed $1.5 billion into the Seattle economy in 2015. It reports supporting 9,100 local jobs, including 1,200 people at the foundation itself and many more at Seattle-based organizations doing global work. For example, it gave about $270 million to six local organizations in one four-year span as part of its goal to eradicate malaria worldwide, which in turn fuels Seattle's biotech and health research sector.Still, Gates is not without local critics.Some of the controversial ideas he's prioritized have floundered in the state over the years.Washington state defied federal authority when it refused in 2014 to use test scores in teacher evaluations. The concept of tying teacher performance to student test scores was part of a signature Gates initiative but was vehemently opposed by teacher unions.Gates also gave millions to pass a state charter school law after it failed three times at the ballot. He's had a hand in supporting each of the state's 12 privately run, publicly funded schools even though the law is still being challenged in the courts after its narrow 2012 approval."Teaching in the shadow of Bill Gates is, I think, a very ominous experience because we know that his foundation is organized around the principal of privatizing our schools, of getting rid of the very institutions that we're working in," said Jesse Hagopian, a Seattle high school teacher and Gates critic.Teachers have also protested at the foundation's Seattle headquarters over his national schools agenda. The Gates Foundation has said it has an "up-and-down" relationship with Seattle Public Schools. The district wouldn't comment on the matter.The foundation said it's unapologetic about the urgency it feels is needed to transform school systems that consistently leave behind poor and minority kids."We're a funder. We're not government. They have way more money. They have authority," Bley said. "We only have influence and catalytic amounts of money to help people try out new things."
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
AFTER expanding to five branches in a span of five years, the Bernardo siblings have added a twist to their Ho Ngohiong business—selling the popular Cebuano style spring roll via their first mobile food truck.
“Offering our ngohiong through food truck is an innovation we had in mind a few years ago. We felt this is a new vehicle to reach out to more customers in the city and at the same time an advertising tool too,” said Lance, who handles the business operation. “This is probably the first ngohiong food truck in Cebu.”
Lance noted that in the US, there already is a food truck phenomenon, a small business investment that is soaring, featuring unique offerings of every type. This mobile eatery concept is also gaining popularity in the Philippines, particularly in Manila.
“With the tough competition in the food business now, we believe that going mobile, aside from setting up physical branches and expanding outside Cebu, is a step in the right direction. Customers now are hungry for a new food experience,” he said.
The Ho Ngohiong mobile food truck initially stays for a week in any of Ho Ngohiong's five branches located on P. del Rosario St., Andres Abellana, Mambaling, Labangon and Banilad. Lance said they will eventually identify key locations in the city for their mobile food truck to roam around.
Ho Ngohiong started out as a small home business venture in 2013 owned by siblings Lance (a registered nurse), Francisco (a licensed physical therapist), Therese (business management graduate), Patrick (registered nurse), Nino and Melissa. The first four had given up their respective careers and greener opportunities abroad to come home in Cebu and focus on growing the business while Nino and Melissa are completing their medical courses.
With the help of their parents, who in the past also owned a food business in the early 90's, the siblings took the initiative of building their own food brand with a minimal investment of P30,000.
The siblings started with a pushcart business outside their house until customers demanded a place for them to dine in. They then turned the family garage into a small eatery.
“We really started the business from scratch. We just made use of the ingredients our parents handed down to us and relied on each other to make this business big,” said Francisco.
“We are just so blessed we have parents who are also our business mentors. We tell them of our plans but it is us who are really running this business,” said Therese.
Aside from ngohiong, the siblings added 19 other items to the menu like longganiza, spicy chorizo, jumbo hotdog, tempura, barbecue, squid balls, chicken leg and chicken wings, and puso, among others.
While many say it is not advisable to make siblings as business partners to avoid sibling conflicts, Patrick said this partnership has made their relationship stronger.
“More than the ties that bind us as siblings and family, we have one thing in common, a new bonding activity, a common goal to grow this business,” he said.
“Being open-minded, professional when it comes to work, and the respect we have for each other helped us sustain the healthy growth of the business at the same time nurture our sibling relationship,” added Therese.
This year, Francisco said they plan to open four new branches in Lahug, Talisay, Mactan and Talamban. They also plan to bring the Ho Ngohiong brand to Manila in the future and deploy more mobile food trucks in Cebu.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Selena Gomez looked happy and healthy as she enjoyed some fun in the sun with her pals over the weekend.
The former Disney starlet was pictured aboard a luxury yacht in Sydney Harbour with a huge group of her close friends.
The 25-year-old, dressed in a bright orange bikini top and black tie up bikini bottoms, was all smiles as she read a book and lapped up the sunshine.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Other shots show her messing around with hunky pal Johnny Rays as she playfully tries to pull him into the sea with her.
Despite her recent break from on-off boyfriend Justin Bieber, Selena appeared to be in great spirits.
Shortly after the singer was pictured at Justin's dad's wedding in Jamaica at the end of February, the couple are said to have split again.
(Image: Splash News)
A source told Page Six TV: “They're supposedly taking a break. She has trust issues. He has trust issues. There's a lot going on there. They do this all the time. They get into arguments.
“They're not talking. It's hard to keep up with those two!”
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
While another source told People magazine that the pair's most recent split had nothing to do with Selena's mum Mandy Teefy, who had made no secret of the fact she wasn't happy about them rekindling their romance.
“They're not on a break because of her relationship with her mum. They have their own issues and are always on and off,” a source told the publication.
“She wouldn't base her relationship off of what her mum thinks.
(Image: Splash News)
The source went on: “They've been having disagreements, but it wouldn't be surprising if they're back together in a week."
As for Selena, 25, and her mum's relationship, the insider added: “They didn't talk for a while. They're not hanging out together, but they've been communicating."
New Jersey Devils' Blake Coleman, right, is defended by Anaheim Ducks' Josh Manson during the first period of an NHL hockey game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
New Jersey Devils' Blake Coleman, right, is defended by Anaheim Ducks' Josh Manson during the first period of an NHL hockey game Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong)
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - The Anaheim Ducks had the chance to move back into a playoff spot by getting a point against the New Jersey Devils. That, however, wasn't necessarily their main motivation.
Coach Randy Carlyle offered his team a day off if they won their final two home games before starting their last road trip of the season, and the extra incentive enticed the Ducks into smothering the Devils with their physicality.
Brandon Montour scored a power-play goal, helping lift the Ducks into third place in the Pacific Division with a 4-2 win Sunday night.
Ryan Getzlaf and Rickard Rakell each had a goal and an assist, and Jakob Silfverberg also scored for the Ducks, who lead Los Angeles by two points in the division. Anaheim won its third straight game and is 6-1-0 in its last seven at home.
"These types of games, you're fighting hard for those two points," said Ducks defenseman Hampus Lindholm, who had an assist. "Especially against a speedy team like this, you have to try to slow them down. That's our kind of hockey."
John Gibson made 15 saves, improving to 9-2-0 in his last 11 starts.
The Ducks held the Devils to a season-low 17 shots, clogging up the neutral zone and keeping New Jersey's top lines from getting into open space. It was the second time this season the Devils did not attempt at least 20 shots, after being held to 19 at the New York Rangers on Oct. 14.
"They were just all over us," Devils forward Patrick Maroon said. "We didn't push back. They had the physical game going, and I thought we kind of shied away from them a little bit."
Kyle Palmieri had a power-play goal and Maroon also scored for the Devils, who had won the first three games of their six-game road trip. Keith Kinkaid made 32 saves, ending a four-start winning streak.
New Jersey holds the second wild-card in the Eastern Conference, five points ahead of Florida.
Montour put the Ducks up 3-1 at 7:55 in the third period, scoring down low off a pass from Getzlaf.
Maroon cut the lead to 3-2 at 10:05, but Rakell scored 46 seconds later to restore a two-goal lead.
"We felt like we had control of the game," said Rakell, who has a point in 14 straight games against East teams, with 11 goals and 11 assists in that span. "We didn't get negative after they scored. We kept coming after them."
The Ducks took a 1-0 lead at 1:14 in the first on Getzlaf's 11th goal. Kinkaid saved Rakell's shot, but his momentum sent the goalie spinning out of the crease, leaving an empty net for Getzlaf.
Silfverberg made it 2-0 at 6:37 by redirecting Josh Manson's shot.
Palmieri scored at 10:31 of the second to end the Ducks' streak of 34 straight penalties kills dating to Jan. 23 with a sharp-angle shot from the left circle.
"I thought Anaheim played a heck of a game," Devils coach John Hynes said. "You have to give credit to the opponent, too, for how well they play. I thought we weren't as sharp as we needed to be and our puck movement did not allow us to access our speed."
NOTES: Devils LW Miles Wood did not return after sustaining an apparent right elbow injury in the second. Wood's right arm was extended to play the puck when he was hit from behind by Ducks D Francois Beauchemin. ... Manson sustained an upper-body injury in the first and did not return. . Getzlaf has four goals and 15 assists in his last 12 games.
UP NEXT
Devils: Continue their road trip at the San Jose Sharks on Tuesday night.
Ducks: Open a four-game road trip at the Calgary Flames on Wednesday night.
___
More AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Avicii insisted he'd warned management 'so many times' that he was 'going to die' if he continued touring, a recent documentary has revealed.
But despite his eerie prediction, the tragic Swedish DJ said he was pressured to do more gigs when he announced his decision to quit live shows in 2016 following intense battles with anxiety and alcohol abuse.
“I have told them this. I won't be able to play anymore," the star - who was found dead in Oman last week aged just 28 - said in 2016 documentary Avicii: True Stories.
After doing 813 shows in eight years, the exhausted star insisted, “I have said, like, I'm going to die. I have said it so many times. And so I don't want to hear that I should entertain the thought of doing another gig.”
(Image: Wireimage)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The docufilm was shot by acclaimed director Levan Tsikurishvili between 2012 and 2016, and showed Avicii - real name Tim Bergling - insisting his decision to withdraw from touring had not been well received.
“When I decided to stop, I expected something completely different," he said.
“I expected support, particularly considering everything I have been through.
“I have been very open with everyone I work with, and everyone who knows me.
(Image: WENN.com)
“Everyone knows that I've had anxiety and that I have tried. I did not expect that people would try to pressure me into doing more gigs.
“They have seen how ill I have felt by doing it, but I had a lot of push-back when I wanted to stop doing gigs.”
Mirror Online has contacted his management for comment.
Avicii rose to fame after winning a production competition organised by Pete Tong in 2008. Three years later his track Le7els took the EDM world by storm and became the first DJ of his kind to do a worldwide arena tour.
Commanding £180,000 per night, Avicii constantly topped the line-up for the world's biggest festivals, working with the likes of Coldplay's Chris Martin, Nile Rodgers and David Guetta.
But the shy star was not comfortable in the spotlight, and turned to alcohol to help cope with his debilitating anxiety.
(Image: REUTERS)
As a result he suffered acute pancreatitis aged just 21, and had his appendix and gallbladder removed in 2014.
“Yeah I was drinking way too much, partying in general way too much,” he told Time magazine of his 11 day hospitalisation.
“Then I got a pancreatitis attack, which is very rare. So that forced me to do a 180 and stop drinking.”
(Image: PA)
Two years ago his DJ friend Laidback Luke - real name Lucas Cornelis van Scheppingen - said he believed booze and the stresses of fame would cost the Wake Me Up star his life.
"The first few years of heavy touring can have a major impact on a person's life, health and sanity," he wrote in Billboard magazine, claiming Avicii 'looked terrible' when he saw him in August 2015.
"He gave me a very sincere but oh-so-tired smile when he saw me. Soon after, he was on stage playing his amazing music — and that's when it dawned on me. This wonderful and talented kid might not overcome his struggles," he continued.
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
The Peterhead lifeboat was called out on Saturday afternoon after a reported sighting of a man entering the sea.
The man was reported to have entered the water next to Peterhead Golf Club and the UK Coastguard requested the lifeboat to launch at around 1.34pm.
After a search of the River Ugie mouth, the lifeboat crew did not see any casualties and stood down at 2.17pm.
After returning to the lifeboat station it was discovered that the man was a regular swimmer and he had returned home prior to the arrival of the lifeboat at the scene.
The call will be designated as a false alarm with good intent.
BEIJING: Rafael Nadal moved into the semi-finals of the China Open with a 6-4 7-6 (7-0) victory over American John Isner.
The world number one will play third seed Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria after his 7-6 (7-5) 4-6 6-2 win against Spain's Roberto Bautista-Agut.
Australia's Nick Kyrgios will face Russia's Andrey Rublev or Germany's Alexander Zverev in the other match.
In the women's event, world number two Simona Halep will meet Jelena Ostapenko in a repeat of the French Open final.
Halep moved into the final four with a 6-2 6-1 victory over Russia's unseeded Daria Kasatkina, while Ostapenko, who beat Halep in three sets at Roland Garros in June, defeated Romania's Sorana Cirstea 6-4 6-4.
Petra Kvitova beat fellow Czech Republic player Barbora Strycova 6-3 6-4 and will meet the winner of the quarter-final between Ukraine's third seed Elina Svitolina and France's unseeded Caroline Garcia.
Garcia is battling with Great Britain's Johanna Kontato secure the last qualification place in the eight-player season finale at the WTA Finals in Singapore at the end of October.
Should Garcia win the Beijing title, Konta would need to reach the final of the Kremlin Cup, which begins on 16 October, to qualify for Singapore.
The Briton lost in the first round in Beijing and has withdrawn from next week's Hong Kong Open with an injury.
Nadal, 31, overcame an eye problem to defeat Isner in Beijing as the Spaniard aims to win the men's competition for a sixth time.
“Just something came to my eye, that's all,” said Nadal. “I think it was just a hair or something, a hair from the tennis ball. It was bothering me for a while.
“It was not important, but I am still feeling it a little bit.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The 3-year-old birthday boy was in his pajamas, about to go to sleep on a cot inside a shelter packed with hundreds of evacuees affected by a damaged California dam.
With just three hours left on his big day, a group of California Highway Patrol officers showed up at the Chico shelter with a makeshift celebration: an ice cream cake, a balloon, a Captain America figurine, and of course, a song.
“We decided you needed a cake on your birthday. Happy birthday!” Officer Logan Callahan tells the boy as he places a cardboard crown on his head, according to a Facebook Live video that's gotten more than 61,000 views and 1,100 shares since it was posted Monday night.
The video wasn't part of the plan, said Callahan, a public information officer in CHP's Chico office. It was taken by a community member who happened upon the scene and started shooting.
Advertisement
Callahan realized it was the boy's birthday earlier in the day Monday when he was walking around handing out stickers to children staying at the shelter. The boy's father mentioned that he and his wife had planned to make their son a cake.
“I've got a son that's 2-and-a-half, and this young man is turning 3,” Callahan said. “I figured, ‘What would I want for my kid if he were in that situation?' “
Mike Wrobel, who took the video, said other evacuees joined in singing “Happy Birthday” and seemed touched by the moment.
“It sure was a bleak setting. But I was grinning ear to ear, as was everyone else,” Wrobel said. “It was a little bit of joy in a situation filled with a lot of sadness.”
Neither Wrobel nor Callahan know much about the boy or his parents, just that the boy's name is Junior. Wrobel was hoping to reconnect with them Tuesday to show them the video he took and how many people were enjoying it.
Nearly 200,000 people were ordered evacuated Sunday over fears that a damaged spillway at a Lake Oroville dam could fail and unleash a wall of water. The evacuees were allowed to return home Tuesday after two nights of uncertainty, but they were warned they may still have to again flee to higher ground on a moment's notice if hastily made repairs to the battered structure don't hold.
U.S. Navy Command Master Chief Damien Pulvino, left, with Carrier Airborne Early Warning Squadron (VAW) 125, walks Pacific Fleet Command Master Chief Susan Whitman, through VAW-125's new facility at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. Whitman visited the facilities, Sailors and Marines. She spoke about destructive behaviors such as sexual assault, drug abuse and alcohol abuse and how it affects warfighting readiness. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 05:21 Photo ID: 3166701 VIRIN: 170214-M-ON157-0072 Resolution: 3408x2272 Size: 4.1 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Pacific Fleet Command Master Chief visits Iwakuni [Image 1 of 4], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
QUETTA: Two suicide bombers have exploded themselves subsequently at Frontier Corps (FC) check post, on Tuesday, at westren by-pass in Quetta, AajNews reported.
According to the sources eight security personnel were injured in the blasts.
The injured have been shifted to the Combine Military Hospital (CMH), Quetta, where two of them are said to be in critical condition.
According to the sources one of the terrorists entered in the check post and exploded himself while the second sprayed bullets for eight minutes before exploding himself.
The security forces have cordoned off the area and further investigations are underway.
New Delhi: Wholesale inflation rose sharply to 1.88 percent in July as compared to 0.90 percent for the previous month.
Inflation based on the wholesale price index (WPI) was 0.63 percent during the corresponding month of the previous year.
The government data released on Monday showed that prices of food articles rose by 2.15 percent in July on a yearly basis. Vegetable inflation stood at 21.95 percent.
Fuel and power segment, however, saw some cooling of inflation at 4.37 percent, from 5.28 percent in June.
Easing price pressures gave the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) room to cut its main policy rate by 0.25 percent to 6 percent earlier this month, the lowest since November 2010.
The RBI expects retail inflation could accelerate to 3.5 percent to 4.5 percent in October-December.
Pakistan Maritime Security Agency (PMSA) on Saturday arrested at least 42 fishermen belonging to Indian Gujarat and also seized eight boats near the Gujarat coast.
A PMSA spokesperson said that the Indian fishing launches were seized by the Pakistani authorities for violating the country's coastal boundary. The operation was conducted with the help of PMSA vessels and fast attack boats, he added.
The arrested fishermen were later handed over to the Docks police to initiate further investigation.
PMSA had earlier arrested 17 Indian fishermen after they sailed into Pakistani waters on January 9. Statistics from December 2017 and January 2018 show that around 292 Indian prisoners languishing in Pakistani jails have been released on humanitarian grounds.
Fishermen belonging to India and Pakistan are frequently detained after crossing into each other's territorial waters. The problem is made worse by the fact that the maritime border between the two countries had not been clearly defined yet.
RIO DE JANEIRO: A Brazilian nursery school guard burned four toddlers and their teacher to death after spraying them with alcohol and setting them alight Thursday in an attack which horrified the nation.
Dozens of people were also hurt in the blaze while the guard, who was reported to be mentally ill, died after succumbing to his own burn injuries.
The tragedy occurred in a modest quarter of Janauba, a city of 70,000 about 600 kilometers (370 miles) north of Belo Horizonte city.
Janauba´s mayor decreed seven days of mourning.
“This morning, four children and a teacher burned to death when a guard at the nursery school sprayed alcohol on the victims and his own body before setting them alight,” the prosecutor of Minas Gerais state, in the country´s southeast, said in a statement.
About 50 people were hospitalized with injuries, said Bruno Ataide Santos, director of the local hospital.
Their condition was not known.
The guard, aged about 50, died in hospital several hours after the incident which left him “with burns all over his body,” Santos told AFP.
About 80 children were in the nursery school when the attack occurred, prompting worried parents to converge on the site which they found reduced to ashes.
“As the creche is near our house we heard noise and rushed over,” Nelson de Jesus Silva, the father of one victim, told Globonews TV.
“My little girl was so good, so smart,” he said of his dead daughter Ana Clara Ferreira.
Grief also struck Jane Kelly, the mother of little Juan Miguel Soares.
“I was thinking of changing nursery schools because we are preparing to move. I woke him up early to bring him here and when I saw him again he was dead in the hospital,” Kelly said between sobs.
The dead children were aged four, the G1 news site reported.
Police visited the home of the suspect and his family members to try to determine a motive.
But police superintendent Renato Nunes told the website of the Hoje em Dia newspaper that the guard had “mental problems” since 2014.
Officers found numerous bottles of alcohol at his home, Nunes added.
The guard had worked for at least eight years at the nursery school where he was not directly in contact with the children.
Janauba´s mayor Carlos Isaildon Mendes said an even greater tragedy was narrowly averted.
“This could have been worse because the babies´ room was in the hall next door. Evacuation would have been more difficult. As the children were bigger a lot of them were able to escape,” the mayor explained.
Brazil´s President Michel Temer expressed his condolences via Twitter.
“I am deeply saddened by this tragedy involving children in Janauba, and I want to express my solidarity with the families,” Temer wrote.
As the father of a school-age child, Temer said he understood “this must be an extremely painful loss” for the parents.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Travellers have set up camp on a park - then charged local kids £10 to use the field, a resident says.
Three incidents in recent days across West Yorkshire have seen travellers occupying playing fields.
In one shocking case, travellers left human excrement and household rubbish behind after a week encamped at the home of Shaw Cross Sharks ARLFC at Dewsbury.
A resident nearby to Netherton fields, Cheryl Armstrong, said: “I heard one of their kids was charging a tenner to let the local kids play in ‘their' park!
"I've just nearly run into one who came flying out into the road on his scooter.
(Image: The Huddersfield Daily Examiner WS)
“Not good.
"If they surprise me and leave it clean in a couple of days I may change my view but I don't want my kid playing on a dirty field.”
A third incident occurred at the car park at Leeds Road Retail Park in Huddersfield.
Rugby club members arrived at the ground at Dewsbury on Saturday to discover human excrement in the dugouts and behind the clubhouse and household waste strewn across the rugby field, The Examiner reports.
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
Last Thursday, three caravans and other vehicles drove on to playing fields used by Netherton Junior Football Club at Hawkroyd Bank Road, Netherton, after a post designed to prevent vehicle access to the site was left unlocked.
The travellers were briefly "locked in" by an angry resident who padlocked the post before one of the travellers complained.
A number of caravans were still at the site today.
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
At the weekend, a number of caravans pitched up in the car park outside Home Bargains on Leeds Road Retail Park.
Scores of people commented on the stories on the Examiner's Facebook page – with the vast majority critical of the travellers' actions.
Lynda Trickett posted: “Disgusting behaviour and then they wonder why people object to them camping in their communities.
"If they behaved in a decent manner and didn't ruin things for those who pay for the services they might be tolerated better.”
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
Julius Baracskay said: “Take the registration numbers of all the vehicles. When they leave, if the site is not clean, find out where the vehicles are and impound them until the costs have been met for the clean-up.
Rita Phillips posted: “Disgusting!!!!
"Then they wonder why we don't want them setting up in our area.”
But Kayla Lambert Jordan Williams argued: “People always have bad to say about travelers (sic) but does anyone actually know a traveler there (sic) decent people...
(Image: MEN MEDIA)
"You respect them and they will respect you!!!
At Netherton, residents were fuming.
Laura Blezy-d posted: “I was sat opposite the park in my car earlier watching a silver foreign plated car driving super fast all around the park doing handbrake turns with three men in the car!
“They have their own young children playing around the field whilst doing this and no doubt wrecking our local children's football pitches in the process.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The football fan who trolled Ryan Sessegnon's girlfriend has apologised after directing vile abuse at the 17-year-old.
Sessegnon's young partner Lacie Southion as mocked on social media after they appeared together at the PFA awards on Sunday.
A picture of them attending the awards was mercilessly ridiculed on social media.
The England under 21 wingers was nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year gong alongside Harry Kane, Ederson, Marcus Rashford, Raheem Sterling and winner Leroy Sané.
Among the tweets, the Fulham star's partner branded a "rescued beach whale" by football-mad Dan Paxton, also 17.
Paxton has now issued an apology for the awful tweet - and insists he only joined in after seeing others mock Lacie.
"I was just messing around, it was a bit silly and I deleted it. It was nothing malicious and I'm sorry," he told the Mail.
(Image: PA)
"It really was a stupid thing to do. I am sorry to anyone who was offended.
"I'll be careful about what I tweet in future. I deleted it with one click of a button and it's gone."
However this morning the Birmingham City-supporting teen was getting some abuse of his own - especially from Fulham fans.
Despite Sessegnon being the first ever player outside the Premier League to be up for the prize, that didn't stop critics finding something to slam the couple about.
But the vile tweeters decided to send torrents of disgusting abuse towards Lacie.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: PA)
Lacie, who is also 17, arrived locked arms with her beau but trolls took aim at her.
Phillip tweeted: "I'd be very embarrassed if that was my GF tbh..."
One troll said: "Someone's had too many of the pre-ceremony snacks."
Another wrote: "Tell the missus she has to go gym if she wants to be seen at awards shows together."
(Image: PA)
But thankfully people also rallied to her defence on social media following the cruel taunts.
Maxine Thurston wrote: "As a Fulham fan, I'm ashamed to read a lot of these responses. She's a beautiful, normal, almost certainly grounded and kind person if she's with @RyanSessegnon and you are all going to ruin her shine.
"Go away and talk about something shallow to people like you. We aren't."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Other Twitter users came to Southion and Sessegnon's defence.
Jftbl said: "Stop being low and mocking her."
And @Energetic Oxlade hit out: "Don't you have anything else to do other than make fun out of someone's girlfriend?"
Sessegnon, who turns 18 next month, scooped the Championship Player of the Year and EFL Young Player of the Year prizes.
One user posted: "Fantastic footballer, gorgeous girlfriend, talented man, big future ahead."
Another added: "People are low lives. Don't you have anything else to do other than make fun out of someone's girlfriend?"
UAE-based cybersecurity experts DarkMatter announced today that it will be responsible for overseeing the cybersecurity of Expo 2020 Dubai. The company aims to deploy advanced cybersecurity technologies to safeguard Expo's digital experience for millions of visitors and 180 country participants.
DarkMatter will provide a wide range of services, from security management and monitoring, to risk assessments, incident response and technical forensics before, during and after Expo 2020.
Mohammed Alhashmi, Senior Vice President of Innovation and Future Technology at Expo 2020 Dubai, said: “In today's increasingly connected world, the need for innovative cybersecurity solutions cannot be overstated.
"Finding the best ways to ensure we operate safely and securely – and with foresight of potential issues to prevent them from occuring – is critical for the Expo 2020 experience and its success. Cybersecurity is a fast evolving field, so it is important that we collaborate with industry experts like DarkMatter to develop solutions that keep Expo 2020's digital infrastructure safe and secure.”
DarkMatter will also work with UAE government entities to share its expertise and demonstrate how its cybersecurity technologies can be leveraged beyond the Expo site.
Rabih Dabboussi, Senior Vice President of Business Development, Sales and Marketing at DarkMatter, said: “We look forward to providing Expo 2020 with a holistic cybersecurity framework delivered through continuous security monitoring, risk assessment and digital forensics, to ensure it is one of the safest and most technologically secure World Expos in history.”
DarkMatter is Expo 2020 Dubai's first Official Provider, and joins other Official Premier Partners such as Emirates, Accenture, Cisco, DP World, Emirates NBD, Etisalat, SAP and Siemens, as well as Official Partners DEWA, ENOC and UPS.
Dad of five explains why OCD made him want to kill his wife
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
OCD sufferer Adam Shaw opened up on This Morning about how his extreme thoughts made him want to murder his wife.
The father of five appeared on the ITV daytime show to discuss the condition that has plagued his life since he was five years old.
An emotional Adam revealed how the thoughts - he referred to as “mental torture” - have taken over his life.
Adam then went on to say how his extreme thoughts led him to believe that he may kill his own wife.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
And he got to a point where he carried handcuffs around with him for four years to stop himself.
He said: “Anyone with severe OCD will never carry out these actions.
“I thought I would harm vulnerable people, people close to me, and I would avoid knives.
“I would walk around with handcuffs in my pocket for four years, just in case, if i was going to strangle someone, at least I could put get someone to put them on!”
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
And how did his wife react when he told her about his thoughts?
He told Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford: “She was very understanding, incredible.
“Once she understood, she did a lot of research, and realised I'm not a danger at all.”
*This Morning continues on ITV1 weekdays at 10.30am
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's a unusual transport system and the longest of its kind in the world - but years on from when it first opened, motorists continue to be misguided about what Cambridge's guided busway is for.
Cars, coaches and vans end up being trapped on the multi-million pound expressway, so the News has taken a look at the top 12 guided busway bungles.
When vehicles become stuck on the tracks - designed for buses only - it can throw the transport system into chaos and cause delays.
The top 12
1. How did it manage to overturn?
The guided busway between Cambridge and St Ives was closed in December last year (2016) after a car overturned on the tracks - pretty hard to do.
To add more pain to the bungle the vehicle involved - a Nissan Pathfinder - clearly lost its way.
2. U-turn
Another car drove onto the tracks near Cambridge rail station on January 9.
The vehicle was spotted on the track around 7am and later disappeared.
An eyewitness told the News it "must have managed to reverse out".
3. Over the limit and on the tracks
And a car got stuck on the tracks in December – and police arrested someone on suspicion of drink driving.
4. Not so bright
A car blocked the busway tracks on January 11 after apparently driving along them and becoming stuck near the Cambridge Regional College.
One witness told the News no one had been hurt, but that the car was "lodged" on the tracks.
5. And again ...
The next day a silver Nissan Micra became stuck on the busway tracks in King's Hedges Road near Orchard Park.
The incident came less than 24 hours after another car became trapped on the same stretch of tracks.
6. Double whammy
This time two vehicles found their way onto Cambridge's guided busway.
British Transport Police (BTP) were called out on January 16 after the two vehicles were spotted travelling along the tracks of the busway at the city's rail station, heading towards Addenbrooke's.
Police managed to stop one before it could get very far but the other carried on and was stopped by Cambridgeshire County Council at Addenbrooke's bridge.
7. This car couldn't bridge the gap
Bus services were disrupted on March 28 after yet another car got stuck on the guided busway near Addenbrooke's.
Stagecoach East received reports of a car driving along the tracks from Addenbrooke's Hospital bridge before becoming stuck on the spur junction.
It was removed about two hours later.
(Image: Francesca Nightingale)
8. On the wrong tracks
The new Cambridge North Station may have proved too much of a distraction for one driver who hurtled down the busway on June 13, but the car and busway both managed to escape damage for a change.
9. And yet again...
A Volkswagen Golf became trapped on the tracks near Cambridge North station, leaving commuters unimpressed.
A spokesman from the Cambridgeshire County Council said: “There is so much signage, all the statutory indications are there.”
10. Wheel-y bad luck
A luckless driver burst both front wheels after driving into a sunken trap on the busway near the new Cambridge North Station on June 6.
The traps are in place to stop cars from travelling further down the busways - but this doesn't stop cars from joining it in the first place.
11. They're getting bigger
A coach ended up on the guided busway on Saturday, May 20 after it took a wrong turn.
The coach got onto the tracks at Histon and appeared to have a school bus sign on the back.
12. Last but not least - or smallest
This lorry drove onto the guided busway at Longstanton after its sat-nav took driver onto tracks in 2013.
The window is not officially open but scores of deals are already in place up and down the country.
Manchester City have wasted no time splashing the cash, while Manchester United and Arsenal have already been active in the transfer market.
The Red Devils are expected to bring in a raft of new recuits, with Real Madrid's James Rodriguez and Alvaro Morata - another star down the striking pecking order at the Bernabeu - on their radar.
Chelsea look set to lose star striker Diego Costa after being told he is surplus to requirements at Stamford Bridge, with Romelu Lukaku set to fill his boots instead as he prepares to return to Stamford Bridge in a big-money move from Everton.
Alexis Sanchez's future at the Emirates is also up in the air, with the Gunners refusing to sell him to any of their Premier League rivals.
Keep up-to-date with all of the latest developments, gossip, news and done deals as they happen right here.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chloe Ayling broke down down as she recalled the moment she thought she was going to die at the hands of kidnappers.
Appearing on Monday's This Morning for her first live TV interview, the model, 20, couldn't hold back the tears as she was questioned about her harrowing and terrifying abduction by a gang of sex traffickers in Italy.
Speaking frankly and candidly about her abduction in Milan and her time in captivity, the glamour model admitted that at one point she'd been left hoping for a "non-painful death", before revealing that she would never "be the same person again".
(Image: Rex Features)
Following a sceptical backlash against her version of events, following an initial outpouring of sympathy and anger at what had happened to her, Chloe sat down opposite Eamon Holmes and Ruth Langsford to set the record straight.
Going into the shocking details of her abduction from a supposed photo studio in Milan, Chloe said she walked into a "silent" room - something that unnerved her.
However, her abductors struck almost instantly, drugging her and restraining her in a bag in the boot of a car.
(Image: Rex Features)
"Before I had the time to process my thoughts... that's when the masked man put his arm around me and my face," she explained, before clarifying there was a second disguised attacker who injected her with a drug.
Recalling her first terrifying moments after waking up, Chloe explained: "I woke up in the boot of a car in a zip up bag, handcuffed, gagged with tape over my mouth.
"It was horrible, I was still drugged up. I was trying to shout and find my way out. The car was moving and the radio was on. It took a while for them to pull over the car and check on me.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
"It was when they pulled over that I saw they'd put an empty suitcase there next to me. Why would they put that there unless they were planning to kill me?"
Clearly still struggling with the ordeal, which took place three weeks ago, she burst into tears whilst saying: "I was just hoping for a non-painful death."
Addressing how the terrifying time has affected her life, Chloe admitted: "I'm still scared, I'm not the same person at home. I'm going to have a complete career change.
"I haven't thought about the future, but I know I won't be the same person again."
80 % 80 Refreshing The feel good movie of the year and probably one of the most important ones too, Love, Simon is a unique and touching look at one teen's struggle over his identity. 8
Over the last few years, diversity in cinema has become an important issue for many. In front of the camera, the actual content we experience in the film itself, progress is slowly being made, with films like Get Out and Lady Bird being among 2017's most popular and acclaimed products. With regard to LGBT cinema within this issue, we are rapidly seeing a wider reaching appreciation and acceptance of such films; gone are the days where Brokeback Mountain is dismissed as the “gay cowboy movie”, now we have films like Call Me By Your Name capturing the hearts of many and Moonlight winning Best Picture. Now, we can add Love, Simon into the mix, a notable achievement as it is the first film released by a major studio to focus on a gay teenage romance. And, thankfully, it lives up to the occasion, serving up a witty, heartfelt and uplifting coming of age-romance movie.
The film tells the story of the titular Simon (Nick Robinson), who lives a seemingly ordinary and rather perfect life, supported by loving parents (Josh Duhamel and Jennifer Garner) and best friends Leah (Katherine Langford), Abbey (Alexander Shipp) and Nick (Jorge Lendeborg Jr.). But underneath the idyllic skin, Simon has a huge secret he's never told anyone; he's gay and, what's worse, he's falling for an anonymous closeted classmate. As Simon grows closer to his pen-pal and lover, who goes by the pseudonym “Blue”, he must face the truth and come to terms with who he is.
Whilst you're most likely to recognise Nick Robinson from his rather dull and uninspired character in 2015's Jurassic World, the young actor continues to shed his Jurassic skin here. As with last year's surprisingly sweet Everything, Everything, he gives a charming and instantly likable performance as Simon. Whilst the earlier parts of the film don't challenge him much, Robinson shines as the film begins to sink its claws in deeper, evoking a much more emotionally resonant performance from him as the material begins to harden. Robinson's performance is undoubtedly bolstered by the strong chemistry he exhibits with virtually everyone around him. Katherine Langford of 13 Reasons Why fame shines as best friend Leah, matching Robinson's charm and emotional complexities, Jorge Lendeborg Jr. is a little more hard done by on the emotional side, but still competently holds his own. It is Alexander Shipp, however, who gives arguably the strongest performance of the bunch, working in perfect balance to her character's growing significance and the deepening of her subplot as the film progresses.
Elsewhere Garner and Duhamel as Simon's parents give strong performances, the former continuing her string of delightful supporting roles, there's something Joan Cusack-esque about Garner here, particularly when she has a moment later on which damn near puts Michael Stuhlbarg's famous monologue from Call Me By Your Name to shame. Duhamel is perhaps the most surprising talent however, often restricted in his roles to vanilla action or romcom characters, he unearths a resonant emotional core to himself here which proves to be hugely moving. To lighten things up, veteran comedic character actor Tony Hale is along for the ride also as Simon's Vice Principal, breezing in and out of scenes, bringing the absurd comedy that only Hale can in the process.
Isaac Aptaker and Elizabeth Berger's script doesn't rely on huge laugh out loud moments to entertain, instead it keeps the humour moderate, popping every so often, whilst accurately creating a believable world and story of characters who feel very real and earnest. Whilst some moments are rather on the nose, such as the mocking of one openly gay teen in Simon's school at the hands of a couple of jocks, and other parts are a little clunky, it's a largely zippy and enjoyable script, making for an overall film that, in the more than capable hands of director Greg Berlanti, feels the same way.
Berlanti handles the film with great sensitivity and an understated edge, there's no overblown or obvious highlighting or celebration of the progressiveness of the film, nor is there any heavy handed message being pushed. Love, Simon is subtle and deeply moving, capturing the high school world of present day and mixing it with the emotional punch of a John Hughes film, it calmly conveys Simon's story and his struggle and will undoubtedly be a very important film to a number of people. Love is love, and in Love, Simon, everyone deserves a great love story. It's just as well, then, that the film provides this in what is a heartwarming, trailblazing, crowd-pleasing and damn important movie.
Love, Simon (2018), directed by Greg Berlanti, will be released in UK cinemas on April 6th and is distributed by 20th Century Fox, certificate 12a.
An international team of astronomers proposes that around 8 billion to 10 billion years ago, an unknown dwarf galaxy smashed into our own Milky Way. The dwarf did not survive the impact: It quickly fell apart, and the wreckage is now all around us. The team discovered an ancient and dramatic head-on collision between the Milky Way and a smaller object, dubbed the "Sausage" galaxy. The cosmic crash was a defining event in the early history of the Milky Way and reshaped the structure of our galaxy, fashioning both its inner bulge and its outer halo.
"The collision ripped the dwarf to shreds, leaving its stars moving in very radial orbits" that are long and narrow like needles, said Vasily Belokurov of the University of Cambridge and the Center for Computational Astrophysics at the Flatiron Institute in New York City. The stars' paths take them "very close to the centre of our galaxy. This is a telltale sign that the dwarf galaxy came in on a really eccentric orbit and its fate was sealed."
The new papers in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, The Astrophysical Journal Letters and arXiv.org outline the salient features of this extraordinary event. Several of the papers were led by Cambridge graduate student GyuChul Myeong. He and colleagues used data from the European Space Agency's Gaia satellite. This spacecraft has been mapping the stellar content of our galaxy, recording the journeys of stars as they travel through the Milky Way. Thanks to Gaia, astronomers now know the positions and trajectories of our celestial neighbours with unprecedented accuracy.
The paths of the stars from the galactic merger earned them the moniker "the Gaia Sausage," explained Wyn Evans of Cambridge. "We plotted the velocities of the stars, and the sausage shape just jumped out at us. As the smaller galaxy broke up, its stars were thrown onto very radial orbits. These Sausage stars are what's left of the last major merger of the Milky Way."
When looking at the distribution of star velocities in the Milky Way, the stars of the Sausage galaxy form a characteristic sausage-like shape. This unique shape is caused by the strong radial motions of the stars. As the sun lies in the center of this enormous cloud of stars, the distribution does not include the slowed-down stars currently making a U-turn back toward the galaxy's centre. Credit: V. Belokurov (Cambridge, UK) and Gaia/ESA
The Milky Way continues to collide with other galaxies, such as the puny Sagittarius dwarf galaxy. However, the Sausage galaxy was much more massive. Its total mass in gas, stars and dark matter was more than 10 billion times the mass of our sun. When the Sausage crashed into the young Milky Way, its piercing trajectory caused a lot of mayhem. The Milky Way's disk was probably puffed up or even fractured following the impact and would have needed to regrow. And Sausage debris was scattered all around the inner parts of the Milky Way, creating the 'bulge' at the galaxy's centre and the surrounding 'stellar halo.'
Numerical simulations of the galactic mashup can reproduce these features, said Denis Erkal of the University of Surrey. In simulations run by Erkal and colleagues, stars from the Sausage galaxy enter stretched-out orbits. The orbits are further elongated by the growing Milky Way disk, which swells and becomes thicker following the collision.
Evidence of this galactic remodelling is seen in the paths of stars inherited from the dwarf galaxy, said Alis Deason of Durham University. "The Sausage stars are all turning around at about the same distance from the center of the galaxy." These U-turns cause the density in the Milky Way's stellar halo to decrease dramatically where the stars flip directions. This discovery was especially pleasing for Deason, who predicted this orbital pileup almost five years ago. The new work explains how the stars fell into such narrow orbits in the first place.
The new research also identified at least eight large, spherical clumps of stars called globular clusters that were brought into the Milky Way by the Sausage galaxy. Small galaxies generally do not have globular clusters of their own, so the Sausage galaxy must have been big enough to host a collection of clusters.
"While there have been many dwarf satellites falling onto the Milky Way over its life, this was the largest of them all," said Sergey Koposov of Carnegie Mellon University, who has studied the kinematics of the Sausage stars and globular clusters in detail.
The Daily Galaxy via The Simons Foundation
Image credit: An artists impression of the encounter between the Milky Way galaxy and the smaller Sausage galaxy about 8 billion to 10 billion years ago. The record of this ancient encounter is still preserved in the velocities and chemistry of the stars. V. Belokurov (Cambridge, UK); Based on image by ESO/Juan Carlos Muñoz
Most Viewed Space & Science News
Homo Naledi, Newly Discovered Species --"Maybe We've Had the Story of Human Evolution Wrong the Whole Time"
Stephen Hawking's Great Question --"Why Isn't the Milky Way Crawling With Mechanical or Biological Life?"
"Alien Minds" --'Artificial Intelligence Is Already Out There, and It's Billions of Years Old' (VIDEO)
"Point of No Return" --MIT Scientist Predicts the Event Horizon for Earth's 6th Mass Extinction
A Neutron Star Collision in Our Milky Way Neighborhood Could Destroy Earth
"300-Million Nuclear Bombs" --New Insights Into Global Impact of Titanic Chicxulub Mass-Extinction Event
Stephen Hawking: Wake Up, Science Deniers! --"Earth is Morphing into Venus" (WATCH Today's 'Galaxy' Stream)
"Evolutionary Leap?" AI is Mimicing the Human Brain --"But Several Orders of Magnitude Faster and More Efficiently
China Creates a Laser of Mind-Boggling Power --"Could Rip Space Asunder, Breaking the Vacuum"
"Stop Saying That Dinosaurs Went Extinct. They Didn't"
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Naturally Cristiano Ronaldo is the first player who springs to my mind when talking up Portugal.
But after his wonder goal against Tunisia last weekend, Joao Mario offered a quick reminder there is more to the European champions than the Real Madrid superstar.
The midfielder impressed during a loan spell at West Ham, with the Hammers keen to extend his stay from Inter Milan next season.
Now, revitalised from his six month stint in the East End, the 25-year-old is looking forward to testing himself on the grand stage of the World Cup - starting against Spain on June 15.
Here, we caught up with Joao Mario in an exclusive Q&A, courtesy of West Ham's principle sponsors Betway, to discuss his hopes for this summer in Russia, his pride at pulling on the national shirt and proving how Portugal are not just a one-man team...
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: AFP/Getty)
Mirror Football: Let's go back three years, where you scored the winning goal for Portugal against England in the Under 21 Euros. Fast forward two more years, you're in the team that won the European Championship. Does that show that by doing it that way and going through into the national team can be successful?
Joao Mario: Of course, it's important when you are young to get used to play for the national teams. The game against England was my first game for the U21's so I was really happy because I scored the goal that gave us the victory and I guess as a football player you need to step by step make your way up and I did all the steps, U17's, 19's and 21's, so when I arrived in the senior team I was more prepared.
MF: England are trying that. The team you played against included Butland, Kane, Lingard.
JM: It was amazing and I remember so well Kane, Chalobah, Lingard, amazing players but we also had a strong team and achieved the finals but unfortunately we lost against Sweden.
MF: Tell us about the feeling you had two years ago in the Stade de France when Cristiano Ronaldo came off? Everybody seemingly thought Portugal's chance had gone.
JM: Yeah I guess everyone in the world thought that, but on the pitch we got even stronger because we wanted to give him the victory. And I guess it's a big thing when something like this happens, when your best player, your leader, and your captain cannot help you but we just found some power from somewhere and we won.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Octavio Passos)
MF: Is there more pressure on you now in this World Cup because you are European champions?
JM: I don't know if pressure is the right word but it might be harder because everyone knows what they are playing against. We are ready and were tested in the qualification. The World Cup is even more difficult than the European Championship but we're going to try again and we know it will be even harder.
MF: It is your first World Cup, so are you going to be nervous or excited?
JM: It's my first World Cup and it's a different competition and an amazing experience so maybe a little bit nervous at the beginning but with the experience of the games, the way we play, the knowledge of everything, it makes it easier.
MF: And Spain first up. Looking forward to it?
JM: Yeah it's like England vs Scotland and an exciting game for us and we are going to try to beat them. It's the main game for us, it's the first game and we want to start the World Cup well. It' s not going to be easy because we're going to play one of the best teams in the world but it's a special game for us and anything can happen.
MF: Many expect Portugal and Spain to go through in your group. But will it be so easy?
JM: It's not easy. We need to respect Iran and Morocco as we know in football to expect surprises so we need to be ready and try to win all the games because that's the only way to move on.
(Image: REUTERS)
MF: What's your overall World Cup memory?
JM: I remember the 2002 World Cup in South Korea. For Portugal it didn't go so well but that's my first memory of Portugal.
MF: What's the feeling like when you pull on a Portugal shirt.
JM: Now that I am out of Portugal and when I go back it is always special. It is like the feeling that you've come back home. When I lived in Portugal I didn't get it as much but now that I have left I always feel as though I am coming home and it's always special.
Joao Mario was speaking on behalf of West Ham principal sponsors Betway, who are giving away £250,000 throughout this summer's World Cup with their free-to-play prediction game ‘4 To Score'.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vaping has helped slash smoker numbers by 1.6 million in six years.
Figures show 6.1 million, or 15%, of adults in England used tobacco in 2017 – down from 7.7 million, or 20%, in 2011.
And there are now 2.8 million vapers after 5.5% of adults said they used an e-cig in 2017 – up from 3.7% when records started in 2014.
Smoking is more common in poorer areas.
Blackpool, Manchester, Hull, Sunderland and Hartlepool all had smoking-related hospital admissions above 3,000 per 100,000 of population. Wokingham had the lowest at 969.
(Image: Photographer's Choice)
Duncan Selbie of Public Health England said the war on tobacco “will only be won if we make more progress in helping people from deprived areas”.
James Dunworth of E-cigarette Direct added: “As e-cigs have become popular, smoking rates have fallen. The trend is only going one way.”
By The Associated Press
1. UConn (8-0) beat DePaul 103-69.
2. Texas (7-1) lost to No. 11 Tennessee 82-75.
3. Notre Dame (9-1) beat Michigan State 90-59; beat Pennsylvania 66-54.
4. Louisville (11-0) beat UT Martin 91-56; beat Vanderbilt 79-57; beat Middle Tennessee 80-26.
5. South Carolina (9-1) beat College of Charleston 69-43.
6. Mississippi State (9-0) beat UALR 86-48.
7. UCLA (7-2) lost to Oklahoma State 87-72.
8. Baylor (8-1) beat North Dakota 105-43.
9. Oregon (8-1) beat Southern Utah 98-38.
10. West Virginia (9-0) beat Pittsburgh 73-52; beat Coppin State 101-43.
11. Tennessee (10-0) beat Troy 131-69; beat No. 2 Texas 82-75.
12. Ohio State (9-2) beat Florida 103-75.
13. Florida State (10-0) beat Stetson 84-39; beat Arizona State 77-66.
14. Duke (8-2) beat UNC Greensboro 85-54; beat Winthrop 101-30.
15. Maryland (9-2) beat Mount St. Mary's 97-57; beat George Washington 80-54.
16. South Florida (7-2) lost to Oklahoma 79-74.
17. Missouri (9-1) beat Saint Louis 70-58; beat SIU Edwardsville 78-48.
18. Stanford (5-4) did not play.
19. Oregon State (6-2) beat San Jose State 110-62.
20. Kentucky (8-3) beat Evansville 100-62; lost to Florida Gulf Coast 70-64; lost to Miami 65-54.
21. Texas A&M (8-2) beat TCU 71-58; beat Central Arkansas 72-61.
22. Villanova (9-0) beat Fairfield 73-44; beat Temple 69-65.
23. Green Bay (8-1) beat Dayton 75-64; beat Loyola of Chicago 76-39.
24. Michigan (8-2) beat Detroit 86-50; beat Marquette 82-76; beat Kent State 54-41.
25. California (7-2) beat San Diego 89-64; beat Pacific 92-85.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Bruce Allen Kammerer
Bruce Allen Kammerer, 76, of Ottumwa, formerly of New London, died Saturday, December 9, 2017 at his home. The memorial service for Bruce Kammerer will be 10:00 AM, December 27th at Elliott Chapel. A memorial has been established. Online condolences may be left at www.elliottfuneralchapel.com.
India has witnessed rapid increase in inequality beginning 1980s, the report says. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: India has witnessed rapid increase in inequality beginning 1980s, with top 1% of the population cornering as much as 22% of the national income, says a report.
The share of national income accruing to the top 1% income earners is now at its highest level since the creation of the Indian Income tax in 1922, says the paper on ‘Indian income inequality, 1922-2014: From British Raj to Billionaire Raj?' by renowned economists Lucas Chancel and Thomas Piketty.
“The top 1% of earners captured less than 21% of total income in the late 1930s, before dropping to 6% in the early 1980s and rising to 22% today,” it said.
The turnaround of income inequality (in 1983-84) seems consistent with the implementation of a new economic policy agenda to disengage the public sector and to encourage entrepreneurship as well as foreign investments.
“The start of the process has been associated with the nomination of Rajiv Gandhi as prime minister in 1984,” said the two economists.
As per the paper, they document a large increase in the level of inequality in India over the recent period and a large increase in the current level as compared to survey- based statistics generally used in public debates. “We find that our results are robust to a large set of alternative estimation strategies addressing important data gaps,” they said.
The paper said that top income shares and top income levels were sharply reduced in the 1950s to the 1970s at a time when strong market regulations and high fiscal progressivity are implemented. During this period, bottom 50% and middle 40% incomes grew faster than average.
“The trend reverted in the mid 1980s with the development of pro-business policies,” it said.
According to the paper, the ‘Shining India' was about the prosperity of top 10% of the population and not those belonging to the middle-income group.
“'Shining India' corresponds to the top 10% of the population (about 80 million adult individuals in 2014) rather than the middle 40%. “Relatively speaking, the shining decades for the middle 40% group corresponded to the 1951-1980 period, when this group captured a much higher share of total growth (49%) than it did over the past forty years,” it said.
The paper further noted that since the early 1980s, growth has been highly unevenly distributed within the top 10% group. “This further reveals the unequal nature of liberalisation and deregulation processes. India in fact comes out as a country with one of the highest increase in top 1% income share concentration over the past thirty years,” said the economists.
Uncapped Surrey all-rounder Sam Curran has been drafted in to the England squad for the second Test against Pakistan as cover for Ben Stokes, the England and Wales Cricket Board said on Wednesday.
Stokes sustained a hamstring strain during fielding practice, but has not yet been ruled out of the Test.
The 19-year-old Curran, a left-arm swing bowler, has taken more than 100 first-class wickets and averages 27.18 with the bat.
He was called up to England`s Twenty20 squad for the Tri-series in Australia and New Zealand, but did not play. His brother Tom played two Tests in England`s recent Ashes defeat in Australia.
England lost the first Test at Lord`s by nine wickets and fast bowler James Anderson called on the team to show more fight in the final Test of the series starting at Headingley on Friday.
"It`s going to take some special individual performances this week," Anderson told the BBC. "If you get one or two individuals standing up, then people can piggyback on that and take confidence as well.
"It`s quite easy for the confidence of the team to take a hit when you have a defeat like that. So we`ll try, as well as using our skill, to use our heart, to use the fight we have in the dressing room to show people what we can do."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Keith Chegwin's ex-wife and former TV co-star Maggie Philbin has paid tribute to the man she called a "one-off" after it was confirmed the 60-year-old died following a "long-term battle with a progressive lung condition".
The 62-year-old former Swap Shop presenter was married to Keith between 1982 and 1993 and last saw him just two months ago at his sister Janice's wedding.
She explained that her former husband of 11 years was still trying to be the "life and soul" despite his failing health.
"He was still attempting to be life and soul of the party despite being on portable oxygen and made sure he knew how much he meant to us all," she wrote in a lengthy statement posted on her official website.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
She started the tribute: "I am sure you will have seen the heartbreaking news about Keith who died earlier today.
"It is incredibly sad. Keith was a one-off - full of life, generous and with a focus on things that mattered - his family."
She continued: "Our daughter Rose flew home from San Francisco to be with him over the last few weeks and I know he was surrounded by so much love from his second wife Maria, their son Ted, his sister Janice, his twin brother Jeff and his father Colin.
"Keith was loved by everyone who knew and worked with him."
(Image: Grab)
(Image: Grab)
She also shared the touching story about how they first met while on Swap Shop in 1978.
"I first met him when we did a film about windsurfing when I joined Swap Shop in 1978 and was immediately struck by his fun, energy and kindness," she wrote.
"He drove me home to Leicestershire from that freezing lake in Staines, insisting it was on his own way home. (He lived in Twickenham).
"He leaves us all with very special memories."
Local News > Archive > June 2017 > 14
<< "Man charged with trafficking meth" - "Car hits Highway Patrol station" >>
Shots fired in failed robbery Monday
By Ethan Smith
Published in News on June 14, 2017 6:37 PM
Police are investigating an armed robbery in which a man was shot at several times Monday afternoon at the corner of Juniper Street and South Andrews Avenue.
Sgt. Dale Foster said someone got in 28-year-old Travis Earl Atkinson's car with him and then brandished a gun.
A police report filed on the incident said the man told Atkinson, "Give me everything you got or I'll stick you."
The report said Atkinson told the man to get out of the car and he refused.
Atkinson then drove off and hit a fire hydrant near the corner of South Andrews Avenue and Juniper Street and the suspect jumped out of the car.
The report said the suspect then fired several shots at Atkinson.
Shell casings and live rounds littered the street after the incident.
Foster said there were between 15 and 20, 9 mm rounds -- both sent and unspent -- found at the scene.
The report said the suspect was a black man wearing a black shirt and black pants, but provided no further description.
BANGKOK Thailand's military government is working on a law to help regulate Buddhism, officials say, giving the junta far more say over a pillar of Thai society that has so far eluded its control.
The proposed bill, which has not been made public, would appear to significantly reduce the say of the Sangha Supreme Council, Buddhism's governing body in Thailand.
A source within the government who did not wish to be named said the bill would set up a new committee that would set policies to "support and protect Buddhism," though it wouldn't touch on religious practices.
The bill would give monks chosen by the Sangha Council only three of the 27 seats on the committee. Other seats would go to the prime minister, police chief, a number of other senior officials as well as experts on Buddhism, members of Buddhist universities and representatives of Buddhist groups chosen by the prime minister, the source said.
"The bill does not 'support', but forces monks to obey and stay under state governance, which is inappropriate," Phra Metha Winairos, deputy dean of Mahamakut Buddhist University, told Reuters. "This state interference will downgrade religion."
The proposed law comes amid a swirl of controversies around a religion professed by 95 percent of Thais, and with most opposition to army rule neutralised since a 2014 coup.
While police have lifted a three-week siege of the giant Dhammakaya temple north of Bangkok, the temple's defiance of attempts to arrest its former abbot in a money laundering case has highlighted the limit of state authority over monks.
The draft of the new bill is being reviewed by the Sangha Supreme Council, said the head of the National Office of Buddhism.
No member of the council of elder monks was available for comment.
"This bill will benefit monks and help spread Buddhism," said Pongporn Pramsaneh, the recently appointed former detective who now heads the government office that handles Buddhist affairs. He declined to give details about the bill.
WANING INFLUENCE
There are already indications the Sangha Council's influence has been weakened.
Last year, the junta rejected the name put forward by the council to be the new Supreme Patriarch of Buddhism, an abbot who had ties with the Dhammakaya temple and who had been under investigation over a scam involving luxury cars.
The military-appointed parliament then granted new King Maha Vajiralongkorn the power to pick a chief monk himself.
Pongporn at the Buddhist affairs office said the renewed push on the bill had nothing to do with the Dhammakaya temple, which frustrated an attempt by thousands of police this month to search for its former abbot, Phra Dhammachayo.
Critics of the temple say it is sympathetic to the "red shirt" movement of ousted prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, which the temple denies.
Paiboon Nititawan, a former junta advisor who wants even greater regulation of Buddhism, said if the bill was enacted, "problems like Dhammakaya will be suppressed."
"Monks looking to violate monastic codes or wrongly exploit religion will be suppressed," he said.
VOW OF OBEDIENCE?
Religious scandal is nothing new in Thailand, which has 40,000 temples and more than 300,000 monks. Reports of sex, drugs and improper financial dealings are frequent.
The proposed committee under the new bill would set policies to improve secular affairs - though not Buddhist religious practices.
That could potentially help the Sangha tackle persistent problems, said Buddhism expert Montree Sirarojananan from Thammasat University in Bangkok. But he said a committee dominated by government officials could also be abused.
"A knife in the hands of a military government tends to be used as a weapon," he said.
The bill did not include any measures for state control over the finances of temples which, according to a 2014 study, get an estimated $3.5 billion a year in donations, the government source said.
The bill would still need approval from the cabinet and the legislative assembly.
It would also need to be signed off by King Vajiralongkorn. After appointing a conservative as Supreme Patriarch in February, the king then approved the junta's request to strip the Dhammakaya temple's former abbot of his monastic titles.
Aomsin Cheewapruek, Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, said the government would enact the bill before the next general election, which is not expected until well into 2018.
($1 = 34.4 baht)
(Editing by Matthew Tostevin and Bill Tarrant)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A medical student claims she saw saw Starbucks staff throwing out a homeless man who had been in the queue.
Eleanor Wilson was sitting with friends near the door of the cafe in the west end of Glasgow when she saw the alleged incident.
Eleanor Wilson, a fourth-year at Glasgow University , said: “I saw the guy come in and staff noticed right away.
"I have a bit of background working with homeless people through my role as a medical student and I've seen the discrimination they experience, so I took note of the fact that he had been clocked and I was primed for something to happen.
“I heard one say ‘is he even going to buy something?' - they were trying to figure out if he was being a pest, but as far as I could see he had just joined the queue.
(Image: Google Street View)
"He was taking to the people around him but didn't seem to be causing any bother.
“Then two members of staff pulled him out of the queue and asked him to leave the premises - the guy was understandably quite upset so there was a bit of a dispute, but it only lasted 10 seconds and then he left.”
After complaining to staff, Eleanor and the group left too - but not content with the response they received, they made the issue public on social media, reports Glasgow Live .
Her Facebook post has almost 500 reactions - but it was a tweet by her partner, Giancarlo Bell, that was noticed by Glasgow North East MP Paul Sweeney.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
As a result, the incident was raised at Westminster today, as part of a debate on homelessness - the students also received replies from MSP Patrick Harvie and other politicians calling on Starbucks to respond.
A spokesman for Starbucks UK responded today that the man is known to staff at the Byres Road branch.
Kathryn Stewart, district manager for Starbucks UK, said: “Our store managers work hard each day to create a warm and welcoming place for customers to visit us.
(Image: DAILY RECORD)
"There are a small number of occasions when action is needed to protect the safety of our customers and store teams. In long-running cases such as this, we work closely with the police.
"This store team continue to contribute to initiatives supporting the local homeless community on a regular basis.”
Starbucks says it will close more than 8,000 US stores for several hours next month to conduct racial-bias training to its nearly 175,000 workers.
The announcement comes after two black men were arrested in a Philadelphia Starbucks store, sparking protests and calls for a boycott on social media.
Starbucks says the stores will be closed on the afternoon on May 29. Its corporate offices will also be closed at that time.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Just when you thought you'd seen enough snow - more flurries of the white stuff are predicted, with forecasters now warning of a "White Easter".
While the current cold snap is expected to end soon - it will not be for long as the threat of more snow and below-average temperatures is set to return for the long weekend.
Some forecasters predict a blast of bitter air from the Arctic sweeping through Britain during the run-up to the holiday as high pressure builds north of the country.
This could allow icy, cold winds to plunge across the UK with the chance of snowfall for the third time - after the second bout of snow dubbed the "mini beast from the East" came this weekend.
There's a chance of a snowy Easter
The new incoming 'Beast from the East' chill could leave the UK with a snowy Easter, according to The Weather Channel.
Forecasters say there is still some question surrounding the possibility of a white Easter, but a growing number of computer models are indicating a cold, unsettled spell of weather in the run-up to the holiday period.
A chill will start to develop by the end of this week and below-average temperatures are forecast to continue through the Easter weekend, which is from Friday March 30 until Monday April 2.
Over the past few weeks, the 'Beast from the East' has battered the region, as heavy snowfall caused schools to close and created havoc on the county's roads.
BBC weather presenter and meteorologist Simon King joked about the further bout of snow fall on social media.
Who likes trilogies? When you get a sudden stratospheric warming event like we saw in Jan, it often means you can get more than one/two/three bouts of colder weather. #BeastFromTheEast to be continued....? pic.twitter.com/nnt9nJmJDf — Simon King (@SimonOKing) March 19, 2018
Those replying to his post said they hoped snow would not be on the way and that they are ready for Spring to come.
And another said: "It's more common to have a white Easter than a white Christmas and with Easter early this year I wouldn't bet against that continuing to be honest."
Conditions will become unsettled with temperatures starting to edge upwards later this week with periods of drier and bright weather coupled with some heavy rain.
But the mercury may fall again during next week as the holiday period approaches.
(Image: Keith Jones)
Weather becoming 'more unsettled'
Forecaster Eleanor Bell, of The Weather Channel, said: “Temperatures are expected to gradually rise this week as high pressure sinks southwards.
“This will bring in milder air from the west. It will be a dry start to the week before it becomes more unsettled.”
There is still uncertainty for the run-up to the Easter weekend but computer data suggests that the area of high pressure lodged to the north of the country will allow colder Arctic air to plunge downwards towards Britain with the possibility of some wintry spells returning.
There is also a risk of rain.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
But frontal systems from the Atlantic will be locked in a battle for supremacy with the cold air.
This will probably bring a spell of unsettled, wet and windy conditions in the south and a risk of more snow at times in the north when moist air from the west collides with the colder blast.
Almost all forecasts agree that temperatures will be mostly below average. There is still some uncertainty in the long-range outlook but many computer models are predicting colder, more unsettled conditions to continue well into April.
British Summer Time begins at the weekend when the clocks go forward by an hour, but it is highly unlikely that conditions will mirror the change.
The Met Office has also said: "There remains some uncertainty in the forecast for the Easter Weekend, but we are likely to see slow moving weather systems across the UK, with wetter weather more probable in the south, and with drier, colder conditions in the north albiet with a risk of snow at times."
A version of this story also appeared on the Mirror Online.
© Fabrizio Bensch / Reuters
Transcript:
Host:
15,600 people, according to the German magazine Focus. That's how many so-called Reich Citizens live in Germany, as of this month. The Reich Citizens think that Germany's borders have been, so to say, downsized. The statistics are publicly available and were published by the Office for the Protection of the Constitution. The biggest number of Reichsbürgers live in Bavaria, Baden-Württemberg, and North Rhine-Westphalia. That is, in Germany's federal states that are traditionally considered to be some of the most developed and thriving. But it seems to be not enough.
They want the 1937 territories back. These are Danzig, which is now Polish Gdansk, and also Poland's Upper Silesia, and a small part of Saxony, which is also a part of Poland now. Overall, it's a new reason for Warsaw to express indignation, and demand reparations, apologies, or something else.
However, it's not just about Poland. These borders spread to Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. It turned out that they want it back, too. What do we make of it? Georgy Podgorny will talk about that.
- Georgy, welcome.
Georgy Podgorny:
- Hello.
Host:
- Is this some sort of mass delusion?
Georgy:
- Maybe. Or, perhaps it seems like the logical direction that was chosen for people who are easily politically motivated.
"Germany is a corporation that so happens to be ruling the biggest part of the German Empire. Angela Merkel is this corporation's CEO. Consequently, the Bundestag workers are this company's employees, and all this is a Jewish and Masonic conspiracy."
Seems ridiculous, doesn't it? But over 15,000 Germans see history this way. According to them, Germany never signed a peace treaty after World War II. Experts are saying that even if this movement is absurd-it's small and under control.
Natalia Yankova, columnist (Germany):
"They think it's a Limited Liability Company, an LLC. Or a GmbH in German. If we look into them, the traces will lead us to German intelligence agencies. In other words, they're American intelligence agencies, obviously. I think that, of course, the US is playing an important role in this movement's support."
Georgy:
This is one of the versions. The Reich Citizens have many illusions. Experts say, "Let them believe in the 25th Reich if they want, just keep them at home." Here we have real fanatics that are simply dangerous.
Case in point-what happened in Bavaria. One of these zealots opened fire on policemen. They came to his home with a search warrant. Four were wounded, one died later. That's not the only case.
Natalia Yankova:
"They have plenty of arms. And it's mostly concentrated in Bavaria and all around Germany. Their influence has spread all across the country. But, of course, they prevail in the South. It gets scary when they're found with entire stockpiles full of guns. For example, when one person is found with 100 guns."
Georgy:
There's no unity in such a German kingdom. Some like the borders that were present during the reign of the Keiser, while others prefer the borders of 1937.
Let's look back a bit. Several years ago, a king called Peter Ficeg showed up. He crowned himself. He ruled God knows who and where, but not for a long time. He was quickly put in prison but not for his claims to power, but for fraud-1.5 million euros worth. He was doing business on the imperial movement by selling insurance, currency, and documents. Some specialists believe that the Hydra doesn't have a leader and that it mostly consists of armchair activists.
Alexander Kamkin, the Russian Academy of Sciences member:
"It's not a political party as we know them, like the Alternative for Germany or the NPD, or the New Right. It's an Internet movement that doesn't have centralized leadership or centralized coordination. It's kind of a synthetic politician movement, it's more like a political cosplayer group."
Georgy:
But not everything is so simple. Some can stay home, some are ready to take up arms, and some can create a new political wave. If the Reich Citizens movement doubled in a short period of time, who can guarantee that it won't grow more? At that point, pushing it into another direction might be tricky.
Armen Gasparyan, journalist:
"If the state and the government do nothing about the multiculturalism crisis, there will be a reaction . These people are most likely to start voting for the NPD. They will hate the NDP's program but will see in it a real alternative to the country's authorities, who can't fight the migration crisis."
The so-called Reichsbürgers are being counted, and when they behave suspiciously, they're checked. Meanwhile, German politicians aren't rushing to call the movement, which has over 15,000 followers, suspicious and potentially dangerous. Last year, the Bundestag received a deputy's request to check it. The official response from Berlin? Silence. No threats or criminals found.
Host:
- That was Georgy Podgorny, who talked about the Reichsbürgers' delusions.
Among the list of European countries that have alt-right political movements on the rise, Germany is not to be overlooked.The following clip (with transcript below) takes a look at Germany's alt-right/monarchist movement.
"What's a first here is the exquisite control we have over the nature of this negative mass, without any other complications" said Forbes. Their research clarifies, in terms of negative mass, similar behavior seen in other systems.This heightened control gives researchers a new tool to engineer experiments to study analogous physics in astrophysics, like neutron stars shown above in the Crab Nebula), and cosmological phenomena like black holes and dark energy, where experiments are impossible."It provides another environment to study a fundamental phenomenon that is very peculiar," said Michael Forbes, an assistant professor of physics and astronomy at Washington State University.
Physicists have created a fluid with negative mass, which is exactly what it sounds like. Push it, and unlike every physical object in the world we know, it doesn't accelerate in the direction it was pushed. It accelerates backwards.
Hypothetically, matter can have negative mass in the same sense that an electric charge can be either negative or positive. People rarely think in these terms, and our everyday world sees only the positive aspects of Isaac Newton's Second Law of Motion, in which a force is equal to the mass of an object times its acceleration, or F=ma.In other words, if you push an object, it will accelerate in the direction you're pushing it. Mass will accelerate in the direction of the force.
"That's what most things that we're used to doing," said Forbes, hinting at the bizarreness to come. "With negative mass, if you push something, it accelerates toward you."
He and his colleagues created the conditions for negative mass by cooling rubidium atoms to just a hair above absolute zero, creating what is known as a Bose-Einstein condensate. In this state, predicted by Satyendra Nath Bose and Albert Einstein, particles move extremely slowly and, following the principles of quantum mechanics, behave like waves. They also synchronize and move in unison as what is known as a superfluid, which flows without losing energy.
Led by Peter Engels, WSU professor of physics and astronomy, researchers on the sixth floor of Webster Hall created these conditions by using lasers to slow the particles, making them colder, and allowing hot, high energy particles to escape like steam, cooling the material further.
The lasers trapped the atoms as if they were in a bowl measuring less than a hundred microns across. At this point, the rubidium superfluid has regular mass. Breaking the bowl will allow the rubidium to rush out, expanding as the rubidium in the center pushes outward.
To create negative mass, the researchers applied a second set of lasers that kicked the atoms back and forth and changed the way they spin. Now when the rubidium rushes out fast enough, if behaves as if it has negative mass."Once you push, it accelerates backwards," said Forbes, who acted as a theorist analyzing the system. "It looks like the rubidium hits an invisible wall."
The technique used by the WSU researchers avoids some of the underlying defects encountered in previous attempts to understand negative mass.
The Daily Galaxy via Washington State University
Image credit: NASA
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
An information session for the Town of Port Hedland's Draft Strategic Community Plan erupted in debate after attendees alleged tourism was left out of the strategy.
The Town held the first of two sessions to discuss the proposed strategies at a community meeting last Thursday — drawing robust discussion from attendees at the Ibis Styles, Port Hedland.
The plan identifies the Town's vision and priorities for the next 10 years. The data was collected from 5800 community consultations carried out late last year.
Town of Port Hedland chief executive David Pentz said the plan showed the town was happy with services and was ready for long- term thinking.
“Our vision is to be the leading port town in Australia, embracing community, culture and environment,” he said. “The consultation showed interest in fixing current facilities and maintaining current level of service, a very mature response from the community.
“(However) we are not yet ready to respond to economic upswing, we must ensure we have a voice at the Federal level to access the opportunities we want — a sustainable approach for 20 or 30 years.”
Port Hedland Visitor Centre manager Janine Rowley said she agreed with the focus on industry; however, tourism being absent from the plan and the lack of a tourism officer was concerning. “I don't know how it's happened but we've totally missed the boat (on cruise ships) so if you don't have someone in town in an official tourism capacity then it's just us (at the centre) — ships are coming to Broome and ... Perth and we're missing out.”
The next information session will be held at Wanangkura Stadium at 6pm on April 26. The chance to provide feedback for the plan ends on April 27, with the strategy presented to the council in May.
EMBED >More News Videos ABC7 went behind the scenes for the big fireworks celebration in Itasca.
Fireworks will light up the night skies as celebrations get underway in the city and the suburbs Wednesday night.People are flocking to Chicago's lakefront to celebrate America's birthday ahead of the big fireworks show at Navy Pier.They'll have to fight to stay cool as parts of the area are under a heat advisory until 8 p.m.But that's not stopping people from outdoor celebrations."It's a beautiful day in the city of Chicago. Any day you're outside near the lake it's a good day," said Ryan Wilkin who was on the lakefront Wednesday afternoon.Ryan Wilkin and his father, Steve, are two of the thousands that will flock to the lake front to celebrate America's birthday."It's kind of like your midway celebration. Your midway holiday," said Steve Wilkin.Leading up to the big fireworks show tonight, families were out celebrating in true Fourth of July fashion, donning their red, white and blue best."America. Red, white and blue. I just love America," said Loreathia Chambers.At 31st Street beach, there were many taking a break from the heat for a dip into Lake Michigan as others sizzled by their grills."Chicken wings, hot links, chicken legs, hot dogs and Polish sausages. I like to grill. This is my day. This is my day; this is what I do best, own this grill," said grill master William Calhoun.At Navy Pier, people took advantage of the weather to get out on the lake and enjoy the views of the city from boats or special cruise liners."This is hands down the busiest day of the year for us. This is the only day of the year where we end up reaching capacity and having to close our gates as a result so get here early," said Navy Pier Spokesperson Payal Patel.But more than the fireworks, fashion or the food, the people we spoke with say the Fourth is about celebrating freedom and family time."Nothing better than being with friends and family. No doubt about that. We work too hard and we don't spend enough time with our family," said Ryan Wilkin."You get out and enjoy life. That's what it's all about: freedom, peace, love understanding," said Lisa Tyree.The Navy Pier fireworks show is scheduled to start at 9:30 p.m. and last about 15 minutes. Extra security measures will be in place for the large crowds, so be sure to arrive early.Have you ever wondered what it takes to make these celebrations go off without a hitch? ABC7 went behind the scenes for the big fireworks celebration in Itasca.Wynn Cramer has been setting up the fireworks show on the scene at Hamilton Lakes in Itasca for two decades. He's worked some of the biggest firework shows in the world with Melrose Pyrotechnics. He says this one ranks right up with the best as it's tightly choreographed and set to music.The annual show draws crowds from all over the Chicago area."A lot of the town is drawn for economic development and clearly the more people that see this park and the Grade A park we have now that 390 is completed, it will help bring the tenants and crowds here," said Itasca Mayor Jeff Pruyn.The show also features live music before the fireworks. Fan started gathering to claim their spot early. The local band Maggie Speaks, is going to be joined by Fran Cosmo, the lead singer from the rock group Boston at this evening's show.While the music is sure to draw fans from all over, it is definitely the fireworks that are the star of the show. The split second timing is all automated from a board.Bob Kerns retired from Melrose earlier this year, but he continues to work on this show. And will see it in person for the first time this evening.The band starts around 8 p.m.
800 exhibits – 11,000 pages of testimony – the Thirty Meter Telescope case is now in the hands of the judge, Riki May Amano. As hearing officer she has no deadline for her recommendation to DLNR.
Hawaiian Airlines is recruiting at Kona airport. The airline needs candidates who speak Japanese or English for customer service and ramp service. Openings include workers who provide service for other carriers.
New to the board of Servco Pacific – Dawn Lepore, CEO of Drugstore.com, and before that with Charles Schwab – and Chia-Lin Simmons, CEO of LookyLoo, and before that with Google Play.
ProService Hawaii hires a talent development manager – a new position. In it is Kayla Kanetake, formerly a store team leader with Target Hawaii. ProService has almost 300 employees.
Hawaii Kai Towne Center plans a series of free summer concerts. The first will be Saturday, June 24, from 3 p.m. into the evening, with the Makaha Sons headlining.
The Seventh Annual Sports Festival will be held at Blaisdell on July 1st, a Saturday. This is sponsored by ESPN 1420, Bobby's station.
Carlsmith Ball marks 160 years in business with 160 hours of community service. The law firm got started over the weekend cleaning up Magic Island with Sustainable Coastlines Hawaii… just in time for Hokulea.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
WASHINGTON - The Trump administration came into office looking to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law, but the Affordable Care Act survived. Now the administration is on the hook to deliver a smooth ending to sign-up season, with a crush of customers expected this week.
For millions of eligible consumers time runs out on Friday.
Dec. 15 is the last day for procrastinators to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website. Consumer interest has remained brisk, even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half, reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days.
"It's more likely than ever that they're going to run into real volume problems in the last week because that's when everybody is going to show up," said Tim Jost, a legal analyst who closely follows the workings of the ACA.
Heavy traffic could slow the website, and lead to long hold times at the federal call center. For the vast majority, this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018, or switch from an existing plan. One exception: People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call center. That could make a difference in states such as Texas and Florida.
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year, but it's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA's marketplaces. The markets cater to people who don't have access to a job-based plan, and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year.
In a twist, many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018. Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply, so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay. In many communities, bare-bones "bronze" plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies.
Sign-up season has been free of problems up to now, insurers say. Scheduled early Sunday maintenance shutdowns have not been a disruption.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Nonetheless, administration officials at the Health and Human Services department are saying little about their contingency plans for the final week. That's a contrast from the Obama years.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which also administers the ACA, did say that the deadline hour will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time. That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enroll.
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget, HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible. Examples:
— "Don't forget: Friday, December 15 is the last day to pick a 2018 Marketplace plan."
— "FINAL DEADLINE: Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage."
— "Come back to HealthCare.gov to select a plan before the final deadline or risk missing out on 2018 Marketplace coverage."
During the Obama years, officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application before the final deadline, but were unable to finish. It's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions, or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour. Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enroll.
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake, said Andy Slavitt, who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama.
"It really would not be fair to people, particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year," Slavitt said.
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov, that's not the case in all parts of the country. Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enroll. In California and New York, for instance, the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31. Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January.
Economist Joe Antos of the business-oriented American Enterprise Institute said the Trump administration has to get it right. Otherwise, it reinforces the Democrats' charge that Trump is bent on sabotaging the health law.
"Everything that goes wrong will be attributed to White House malevolence," said Antos. "Donald Trump should not be tweeting negative statements this week. If he were to tweet at all, I would suggest: 'Be sure to check your plan.'"
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
New Delhi: In a large scale cyberattack, Indian hackers allegedly took down over 500 Pakistani websites, including some major government sites on August 14 – the nation's Independence Day. The hackers posted pro-India content while defacing the websites.
Websites of some key ministries of the Pakistan government have been affected. The sites hacked includes - Ministry of Defence, Ministry of Climate Change, Ministry of Inter-provincial coordination, Ministry of Water and Power, Ministry of Information Technology and others.
Several websites, still not functional, carried the following message:
“Website Under Maintenance. We will be back shortly. Sorry for the inconvenience”
An official of the Ministry of Information Technology said the attack was carried out by a group calling themselves "LuluSec India".
The Pakistani government is yet to give a formal reaction.
It is not the first incident of cyber-attack by Indian hackers on Pakistani government websites.
In October 2016, Indian hackers reportedly hacked crucial government network, locking their computers and data. Pakistani hackers, too, attacked several websites of top Indian educational institutes earlier this year.
With PTI inputs
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Here's a quick quiz question: can you name the captain who has lifted two successive trophies at Wembley and is bidding for a third today?
You've probably never heard of him. But your kids or grandchildren almost certainly have.
In fact, they are likely to form the core of his two million subscribers on YouTube , watching his incredibly popular FIFA 18 -inspired football videos religiously every day.
Meet Spencer Owen. The hugely likeable skipper of Hashtag United - and the man behind the biggest team on social media.
(Image: EE)
Heavily comprised of influencers (and some of his mates), they will take on anyone, anywhere and at anytime, all for the benefit of their aged 16-24 male dominated following.
This afternoon it just so happens to be at the National Stadium - in front of over 32,000 paying customers as virtual reality meets reality.
Mirror Football columnists Robbie Savage and Robbie Fowler are among of the ‘Legends' taking part in the 90-minute extravaganza that is being screened exclusively by YouTube.
They will be joined by two former England captains in Steven Gerrard and Rio Ferdinand, alongside Emile Heskey and David James as Hashtag United take on The F2 Freestylers.
Who are they? Jeremy Lynch and Billy Wingrove . The former made his big breakthrough on Britain's Got Talent in 2008 and he tuned up for today's test with an FA Cup outing for non-League head-turners Billericay Town earlier this week.
Together The F2 boast a YouTube audience of over six million subscribers. As such, they even have a lucrative partnership deal with adidas , understood to be worth a six-figure sum.
From the outside, this match may appear to be an exhibition to please the millennial masses who are largely unappeased by international football.
But this game is significant in many ways.
It is a nod to the future. For starters, VARs (that's video assistant referees) will be trialled for the first ever time in England. If there is an incorrect ‘game changing' decision relating to goals, penalties or red cards, it can be reviewed.
It is also a litmus test for the appetite to stream football online.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Earlier this week, social media giants Facebook confirmed their desire to compete with Amazon , Sky Sports and BT Sport when the 2019-2022 Premier League broadcasting rights go up for auction next February.
“It would be pre­­mature to speculate how we might ap­­­proach that opportunity,” said Facebook's Head of Sport, Dan Reed.
How a job with Vincent Kompany (and zooming down the motorway with Mario Balotelli) put Spencer FC on the road to YouTube fame
“It's still early days and there is no template for this.”
However, today may well provide it with the expectation for this game to exceed last year's live stream audience of 275,000.
Seb Carmichael-Brown, Hashtag United's commercial director and long serving No.11, told Mirror Football : "We are so excited about this game.
"I played in last year's match where we had 22,000 in the stadium. I was even lucky enough to score a goal. Celebrating that moment with my brother (Spencer) in the corner flag was one of the most surreal experiences of my life.
(Image: Umbro)
"This year we have 32,000-plus coming, so can only imagine how excited we are going to be walking out on the hallowed turf together again this time."
Indeed, whatever happens, Spencer Owen - who quit a job as Vincent Kompany's social media manager to go successfully go solo five years ago - will be a winner.
What is the Wembley Cup?
It is a football match that showcases some of the finest football 'influencers' on YouTube, run by Wembley sponsors EE. In its third year, Spencer Owen has won the past two trophies.
How much do tickets cost?
Fans are being charged £15 (a £10 for EE customers) with tickets still on sale ahead of the game - although not on the door.
How can I watch the game?
It will be streamed live on EE's Facebook page and on Spencer FC's YouTube channel - click here for more .
Who are Hashtag United?
The online start-up team is the brainchild of Spencer Owen. They play matches against a variety of football clubs or brands, screening their weekly trials and tribulations on his Spencer FC YouTube channel .
Image Courtesy: ICC
Mount Maunganui (New Zealand): Australia skipper Jason Sangha won the toss and elected to bat first against India in the final of the ICC U-19 World Cup here at the Bay Oval on Saturday.
Live Scores - IND U19 v AUS U19 | Live Blog
Both teams remained unchanged from the last game. In a group stage encounter, India thrashed the Aussies by 100 runs earlier in the competition.
Teams: India U-19: Prithvi Shaw (captain), Manjot Kalra, Shubman Gill, Harvik Desai(wk), Riyan Parag, Abhishek Sharma, Anukul Roy, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Shivam Mavi, Shiva Singh, Ishan Porel Australia U-19: Jack Edwards, Max Bryant, Jason Sangha(captain), Jonathan Merlo, Param Uppal, Nathan McSweeney, Will Sutherland, Baxter J Holt(wk), Zak Evans, Ryan Hadley, Lloyd Pope
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The bants were in full flow on today's This Morning, with Phillip Schofield left shaking his head in exasperation after Holly Willoughby botched her intro.
And when she finally realised what she'd done, the blonde babe collapsed into a fit of giggles, struggling to regain her composure.
It all started when she was trying to tell viewers that there was more coverage on the snow coming up, but got the words 'snow' and 'show' muddled up.
Completely unaware of her gaffe, she carried on regardless, prompting Phil to point out, "Snow. It's snow."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
As the light came on, Holly struggled to compose herself.
It comes after Phillip Schofield threw an almighty - but hilarious - strop when he was ignored on This Morning last week.
The host threw things on the floor in a tantrum when his co-host Holly Willoughby continued a conversation with Great British Bake Off winner Nadiya Hussain rather than listening to him.
Phillip went into a huff after he'd been asked by Nadiya to separate some eggs for her.
He cracked an egg into a bowl and tried to use a plastic bottle to suck up the egg yolk and put it in another bowl.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
But the yolk had burst and his bottle trick wasn't working.
While he went over to the sink to get rid of his broken egg and start again, Holly grabbed some eggs and started doing it for him.
And Phillip wasn't happy.
He went into a bit of a strop, throwing his bottle on the ground.
And when he tried to talk to Holly and Nadiya they carried on their own conversation.
Like a stroppy toddler, he said: "You're not even listening to me."
Nadiya tried to give him another job and he said: "I'm not playing."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
He then attempted to get everyone's attention by showing a picture of an egg separating mug on his phone.
Viewers thought it was hilarious.
One said: "Phil having a paddy because Holly took over his job and they were ignoring him"
And another commented: "Hahha Phillip is me when I don't get my own way 'I'm not playing'"
"Phil's face. He's like a stroppy toddler," another laughed.
One said: "poor @Schofe"
"Phillip Schofield is hilarious," another commented.
* This Morning airs weekdays from 10.30am on ITV
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Rifle deer season came to an end on Saturday here in Pennsylvania. Hunters walked the woods some holding guns with intricate designs worthy of being called artwork.
This month 25 years ago, our man On The Pennsylvania Road Mike Stevens visited a woman in Bradford County with a "checkered" business.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City fans were kept behind inside Old Trafford following their 2-1 win over Manchester United on Sunday.
And as they waited to be let out of the ground, came up with a song that not only celebrated their victory, but poked fun at their bitter rivals.
As almost everyone will know, United fans are regularly heard singing a chant to one of their former managers, Sir Matt Busby.
The song, which also references how many times they have won the title, goes as follows: "20 times 20 times Man United.
(Image: @sam_kenney/Twitter)
"20 times 20 times I say, 20 times 20 times Man United, playing football the Busby way."
Hijacking this song, and using it against their rivals to mock them after beating them in their own back yard, City fans incorporated Jose Mourinho's name into the lyrics instead.
(Image: AFP)
"Park the bus park the bus, Man United," sang the Citizens supporters - as you can see in the above video.
"Park the bus park the bus I say, park the bus park the bus, Man United, playing football the Mourinho way."
(Image: AFP)
As you can see, the song pokes fun at the Portuguese's style of play, after he set up his side to counter-attack against Man City.
Mourinho was previously criticised for setting his players up in a negative manner for United's other derby against Liverpool in October.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sadly, heartburn is a likely occurrence during pregnancy.
Up to eight out of ten pregnant women develop heartburn at some point over the course of the nine months.
For some, it might be an entirely new experience. The condition is essentially harmless, but it is uncomfortable, and can be painful.
Heartburn is a burning sensation that extends from the bottom of your breastbone up to the lower throat.
(Image: iStockphoto)
It happens when acid from your stomach comes up through the gullet (oesophagus). It's an acid reflux, essentially, and leaves a sour, bitter taste in the mouth.
Why heartburn in pregnancy?
It's down to hormonal and physical changes in your body. Temporary symptoms like heartburn and acid reflux are down to your body changing, adapting, and undergoing stress.
Also during pregnancy, the body sees an increase in progesterone, a hormone that helps relax the smooth muscles of the womb.
Experts think this in turn relaxes the valve that separates the stomach from the gullet, so gastric acids get through more readily.
Progesterone also slows down the wave-like contractions of your stomach, making your digestion sluggish, according to Babycentre.
In later pregnancy, as the baby grows, the intestines and stomach are pushing upwards. This slows digestion and forces acids up.
How common is heartburn
(Image: iStockphoto)
Very. Sorry to say. It's more common in mid to late pregnancy.
About a third of pregnant women experience heartburn as early as the first trimester, rising to two-thirds by the third trimester.
It's nothing to worry about and the symptoms will disappear once the baby is born. Still, it's not very nice.
Getting rid of heartburn
The main triggers for heartburn are eating, lying down, and bending over. If you can work out which activities make your heartburn worse, avoid them. Don't stop eating, obviously. Or going to bed.
Although you may not be able to eliminate heartburn entirely, here are some tips to help:
Choose food and drink that's easy to digest. Rich, high-fat and spicy foods might prove unhelpful. Likewise chocolate, citrus fruits, alcohol, and coffee.
Eat little and often.
If you smoke, try to stop. It also relaxes the valve between your stomach and gullet.
Bending over and slumping can make heartburn worse or bring it on.
If your heartburn is worse at night, try not to eat or drink anything but water in the three hours before bed.
When you're in bed, try an extra pillow too. Gravity helps keep the acid down. If you can, avoid propping yourself up with something.
Certain medicines for other conditions can make heartburn worse. Studies suggest antidepressants and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs do so. Check with your GP if you're concerned about your medication.
(Image: iStockphoto)
Also worth trying is antacid or alginate, both of which provide relief. Check with your doctor, midwife or pharmacist first.
Some remedies – like any – have side effects. You'll be made aware of these. Some will be unsuitable for women who have existing conditions.
Could heartburn be something else?
It all depends. You need to listen to your body. If something doesn't feel right, visit your GP and get checked out.
Chances are it'll be heartburn, and you'll just need to stop eating so much curry! (Obviously tuck in as soon as your baby's born).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WILLIAMSPORT -- It's nearly the end of summer and that means students will be heading back to school soon.
"Definitely some nerves. I've seen a lot of freshmen that (look) a little frantic, checking their phones for their schedule, and looking up at the street signs. They don't know what building they are in," said Caleb Cartmell.
Caleb Cartmell isn't a freshman at Pennsylvania College of Technology anymore. Now, he's a senior majoring in automotive technology management.
"I couldn't wait to get back, honestly,” said Cartmell.
Every year, Penn College in Williamsport is one of the first schools in our area to head back to class.
"I don't mind getting back early, get a jump start on everything be at school and hang out with your friends when it's still nice out. Still summer time," said Cartmell.
"I'm so sad because there are like three of my friends at the beach right now and I'm in class," said Keanu Pfirman.
Walking around campus you may notice a new logo and Penn College recently announced its athletic teams will compete in the NCAA Division Three.
"In fact, we had a student from California this semester explicitly because she wanted to play soccer in the NCAA and we had a program she was interested in too, so she traveled all the way from California," said Professor Craig Miller.
As student government association president, Caleb's best advice to incoming freshmen is to get involved.
"There are over 60 clubs and organizations here. I mean there's got to be something you're interested in and it will make a huge difference,” said Cartmell.
While classes at Penn College are already underway, the start of the new school year at nearby Lycoming College is still two weeks away.
The multimodal logistics park at Jogighopa will include railway sidings, container terminals, warehousing, non-cargo processing, a truck terminal, support infrastructure and equipment. Graphic: Mint
New Delhi: Jogighopa, a small town in Assam, is set to become India's gateway to South-East Asia as well as the rest of the North-East with the road ministry gearing up to develop a multimodal logistics park (MMLP) there with road, rail, waterways and air transport facilities.
The development includes railway sidings, container terminals, warehousing, non-cargo processing, a truck terminal, common facilities, support infrastructure and equipment.
A special purpose vehicle, backed by the Asian Development Bank (ADB), will be created to execute the project, which will be executed in two phases—Phase I of around Rs155.46 crore and Rs115.88 crore for Phase II.
“Recent developments, like the announcement of the Northeast Economic Corridor under the Bharatmala programme of the road ministry and the signing of the MoU (memorandum of understanding) between India and Bangladesh for developing the Dalu-Tura-Goalpara-Gelephu multimodal trade route strengthen Jogighopa's case for MMLP,” a senior government official said on condition of anonymity.
He added that under the project, all four types of transportation—road, rail, air and waterways—will be available.
The project is one of the key focus areas of road minister Nitin Gadkari. The road ministry has shortlisted 35 MMLPs across India, of which four are being executed in collaboration with ADB.
The current transit corridors from mainland India to the North-East region pass through an area known as the “Chicken's Neck”—a narrow tract of land in India between the borders with Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan. Since it is close to these borders and cannot be expanded, the North-East region requires an alternative route for providing connectivity to the rest of India—a route with adequate expansion potential. The Indo-Bangladesh road route, along with the National Waterways-2 , provides such an option.
According to the draft report on the Jogighopa MMLP accessed by Mint, freight demand in terms of volume is projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.93% from 11.96 million metric tonnes (MMT) in FY17 to 33.74MMT in FY35. The total container market is projected to grow from 4,808 TEUs (twenty-food equivalent units) in FY17 to 7,925 TEUs in FY35—a CAGR of 2.82%.
The move comes at a time when India's neighbours are gearing up for trade. For example, Bangladesh's development of the Khulna-Dhaka-Sylhet Economic Corridor and the Banglabandha-Dhaka-Chittagong-Cox's Bazar Economic Corridor—to promote industrial development in the region. These initiatives are expected to drive freight movement in the region and facilitate trade between India and Bangladesh, and between Bangladesh and Bhutan through India.
Since last year the government has started prioritizing the logistics sector by granting it infrastructure status and anticipates major investments in it. The Logistic Performance Index published by the World Bank shows India jumping 19 spots in the global ranking from 54 in 2014 to 35 in 2016.
Stakeholders welcomed the government plans.
“North-East is one of the regions which has played a pivotal role in terms of logistics connectivity with the international and national corridors of India. We believe Asean's (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) strong bond with the North-East region will act as a mascot for the entire region and for the rest of the businesses in India,” said Chander Agarwal, managing director of logistic company TCI Express.
The decision is significant because of the sustained “Act East” policy of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), along with the development message of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party which has managed to form governments along with alliance partners in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Sikkim. The party is hoping to play a decisive role in the upcoming assembly elections in Tripura and Meghalaya. The political importance of the North-East is also significant because the eight states together have 25 Lok Sabha seats.
The BJP is also making inroads in Tripura which has been led by Left Front governments for the last 25 years. The party is contesting assembly elections, scheduled to be held on 18 February, as the direct challenger to the Left Front in the state.
"I instruct the Defense Minister, the head of the General Staff, to begin the withdrawal of Russian troop contingents back to their permanent locations. The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has, for the most part, been solved, and solved spectacularly.
I congratulate you. You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier. Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you. If the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen."
"The achievements that have taken place are very important for us. The theme of our meeting, the destruction of Daesh fighters, is very important for the whole world. On behalf of the whole people of the Syrian Arab Republic, I express my deep gratitude for the role your armed forces played.
The victories that have been achieved have affected not only our state, but also neighboring countries. This blood, shed on Syrian land, confirms that they are stronger than terror, and the memory of the dead of both armies and their courage will be a guiding light for future generations."
© Mikhail Klimentyev / Sputnik
Two years on from Russia's historic intervention in the Middle East to answer an international distress call from Syria, Russian president Vladimir Putin today made a surprise visit to Khmeimim airbase in northwest Syria to address Russian troops stationed there, and to tell them in person that they were going home after accomplishing their mission of saving the Arab republic from the scourge of ISIS.. 14 years ago, US president George W Bush declared 'mission accomplished' aboard a US aircraft carrier just two months into the invasion and occupation of Iraq. Far from marking any accomplishment - for either Iraqis or Americans - it merely foreshadowed a long and brutal period of Iraqi history that culminated in so-called 'Islamic State', the most dangerous terrorist group the world had ever seen. How's that for 'Freedom and Democracy'.In Putin's first-ever trip to Syria, he was met at the airbase by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, where he addressed Russian troops, congratulated them on a job well done and held meetings with President Assad and the Russian general staff.Addressing Russian servicemen on the airbase runway, Putin praised their courage and professionalism, and announced that most of them would begin returning home:The Syrian leader, in turn, again thanked Putin for saving his country:Having preserved Syria as an independent sovereign state, Putin also underscored that the defeat of ISIS in both Syria and Iraq - the latter just days ago having announced the eradication of ISIS from its territory - means that conditions for a political settlement in Syria under the auspices of the UN have been created, and thatGiven the West's ideological obsession with isolating Russia and ousting al-Assad, I fear it's rather likely that the status of Syrian refugees in the EU will remain a political football.Regarding Syrian territorial issues, Putin's 'mission accomplished' is not, of course, the final word on Syria. Some 2,000 US troops remain - illegally - in the northeast of the country. But with the Russians running rings around the Americans in terms of forging diplomatic alliances with all key players in the region, there is not much that US military presence alone can do to 'win back' the region. All have now seen what Russia is capable of and what an honest 'world policeman' really looks like.Concluding his business in Syria, Putin then boarded his plane for Cairo, where he met Egyptian leader Abdel al-Sisi to discuss advancing trade agreements, a political settlement in Syria, and the wider situation in the Middle East. In the last leg of his tour of the region, Putin will visit Erdoğan in Turkey tomorrow.
India will clock a GDP growth rate of 7.2% in 2018 and 7.4% in 2019 as a result of robust private consumption, public investment and government reforms, says United Nations's ‘World Economic Situation and Prospects 2018' report released on Monday. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: The Indian economy will grow at 7.2% in 2018 and accelerate to 7.4% in the following year as a result of robust private consumption, public investment and structural reforms, but it still faces the risk of sudden capital withdrawal on account of monetary policy normalization in developed countries, a United Nations report said.
“Despite the slowdown observed in early 2017 and the lingering effects from the demonetisation policy, the outlook for India remains largely positive, underpinned by robust private consumption and public investment as well as ongoing structural reforms,” the United Nations World Economic Situation and Prospects 2018 report released on Monday said. At the global level, growth is expected to remain steady at 3% in 2018 and 2019, it said.
The report also forecast that inflation in India will be 4.5% in 2018 and 4.8% in 2019, slightly above the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) medium-term consumer price index-based (CPI-based) inflation target of 4%. The central bank had in its 6 December monetary policy review had raised its fiscal second-half inflation estimate range marginally to 4.3-4.7%.
“Subdued inflation, coupled with a good monsoon season, offers scope for additional monetary easing. However, if inflation accelerates faster than anticipated, the loosening cycle could end abruptly,” said the report.
In the latest review, RBI left its repurchase rate—the rate at which it infuses liquidity in the banking system—unchanged at 6%. The UN report listed sluggish private investment as a key macroeconomic concern for India.
Subdued credit growth, low capacity utilization in some industrial sectors and balance sheet problems in the banking and corporate sectors have been the problems faced by the Indian economy, while public investment in infrastructure has played a critical role in propping up overall investment growth.
The other challenge is a spike in risk aversion and sudden capital withdrawal that monetary policy normalization in developed economies could trigger.
“Central banks in developed economies are currently operating in largely unchartered territory, with no historical precedent as guidance. This makes any adjustment of financial markets less predictable than during previous recoveries and amplifies the risks associated with policy errors,” said the report.
“Confidence in the Indian economy has increased substantially on account of the policy measures of the government and of the central bank,” said N.R. Bhanumurthy, professor at the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy, a New Delhi-based think tank.
Woman punched by police on Wildwood beach says she didn't spit on cops
Woman punched by police on Wildwood beach says she didn't spit on cops May 29
Margate police: We kept the lid on Club Wa this year
Margate police: We kept the lid on Club Wa this year May 30
Police body cam videos show arrest of woman at Wildwood beach: 'That's it. You're about to get dropped,' officer says
Police body cam videos show arrest of woman at Wildwood beach: 'That's it. You're about to get dropped,' officer says May 30
Amy S. Rosenberg is a staff writer. Most recent preoccupations: the epic drama of Atlantic City, the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, local beach culture, shoobies, the fragile psyche of the Philadelphia sports fan, and Miss America. She lives at the Jersey Shore but also writes about Philly.
Wildwood police released three redacted body-cam videos Wednesday night of the Memorial Day Weekend encounter with a 20-year-old woman on the beach that shows her cursing and insulting police, and one officer, in turn, losing his patience when the woman walked away from him and telling her, “That's it. I'm done with you. You're about to get dropped.”
“She tried kicking at us, so I slammed her on the ground,” the officer later tells his supervisor, after the woman has been tackled, handcuffed and shoved into the back of a police car. “She kicked him. And then I just, I just hit her a couple times, and I put her in cuffs.”
Police Chief Robert Regalbuto said in a news release that the officer had turned his camera on and off during the encounter. The release said that at the end of the second video, the woman struck the officer in the torso, causing the camera to shut off. The camera was reactivated during the struggle with the woman seen in the third video.
The officers were identified as Class II patrolmen Thomas Cannon, John Hillman and Robert Jordan. The matter is still under investigation, the chief said.
The three videos show a steady escalation of the encounter with the police officers that begins when they see alcohol. The woman, Emily Weinman, 20, tells them it belongs to her aunt, and immediately questions, using profanity, the officer's right to question her or get her last name.
“Don't f—ing touch me, what is wrong with you?” Weinman screams in the video, as she walks away from the officer. “Get off me. What are you doing?”
In the next video, the officer has her by the hair and is on top of her on the sand.
“Get off of me, what are you doing? You're choking me,” she is screaming. “They're choking me. I cannot breathe.”
“I'm not choking her,” the officer says.
After a bit more struggle, the officer shouts, “That's it,” and the woman's screaming increases, as bystanders can be heard saying “Woah, woah.”
The two punches seen in the video that went viral earlier this week are not clearly visible from the officer's body camera, but the moment of the woman's most extreme distress can be seen.
“You're not allowed to beat me like that!” she yells. “I'm a woman! You're not allowed to hit me like that and choke me like that. I didn't do anything wrong.”
At one point, the officer says, “Back up! Back the f– up!”
At the end of the video released by Wildwood police, the officer tells a supervisor the woman had Twisted Teas and had refused to give her name.
“She wouldn't give me her last name,” the officer said. “She started walking away from me. I tried grabbing at her. She tried kicking at us, so I slammed her on the ground. She kicked him. I hit her a couple times. I put her in cuffs and locked her up. “
On the video, the woman is seen arguing with the officers, who approached her after seeing alcohol nearby. She insults the officers and tells them they're wasting their time. The first video shows police asking Weinman to blow into a breathalyzer, and asking if she's underage.
“You're allowed to carry alcohol even if you're underage,” she tells them. “It's not open.”
When the woman refuses to give her last name, the officer loses his patience.
A male bystander can be heard after saying, “You punched her in the face though.”
The officer responds, “Yea well she tried kicking us. So. That's it.”
Weinman's lawyer, Stephen Dicht, said after viewing the body cam videos, “I don't think it puts the police in a good light. I still think they overreacted and used excessive force.”
Wildwood Mayor Ernie Troiano Jr. said Wednesday that when he viewed the body cam video, it was much different from what was seen in the other video posted online.
“This young lady attacked our officer,” Troiano said. “She pushed him so hard it knocked the camera off.”
In his opinion, he said, the officer did not punch the woman in the head. He said the officer had used a “chopping” technique to the woman's shoulder blades as he was trying to subdue her. The second time, Troiano said, the woman moved her head in a direction of the officer's hand.
Dicht, Weinman's lawyer, said that in viewing the video, he did not see Weinman striking the officer and said it appeared that the officer was the one who escalated the incident.
“At one point, he says, ‘You're causing a scene.' I think he caused the scene, not her,” Dicht said.
Staff writer Barbara Boyer contributed to this article
Now this is (mostly) what they had in mind.
The Yankees won their season-high fourth game in a row Tuesday night, beating the Twins, 8-3, behind four home runs and six superb innings from CC Sabathia.
The Yankees (13-9) have outscored their opponents, 36-6, over the four-game streak. All four have been won by their starting pitchers, including Sabathia (1-0), who was charged with one unearned run in his second start since coming off the disabled list following a hip injury.
Sabathia was lifted after just 82 pitches and the Yankees leading 5-1. He gave up two hits, walked one and struck out four.
Gary Sanchez homered twice, Didi Gregorius hit a two-run shot and Aaron Judge had a solo homer for the Yankees, who have hit 36 in 22 games. Gregorius (3-for-4), who leads the Yankees with eight home runs (all at home), also had a double and an RBI single. He leads the majors with 27 RBIs.
Gregorius hit a grand slam in his final at-bat in Monday's 14-1 win over the Twins. So in a five at-bat span over two games, Gregorius had four hits, two home runs, a double and drove in seven.
“It's a lot of fun to watch,” Sabathia said. “You just want to keep it going.”
The weather has turned warm — or at least warmer than it has been. The Yankees have turned hot.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“We're getting there,” Judge said. “We're getting there. It's still early, but just have to stick to our approach. Keep having good at-bats, grinding down the starters.”
A down note for the Yankees was an 0-for-4, three-strikeout performance for boo magnet Giancarlo Stanton one night after Stanton went 4-for-4 with a walk. Another was making four errors after going four games without one. The Yankees have committed 22 errors on the season.
Dellin Betances also struggled after relieving Sabathia to start the seventh. Betances walked leadoff batter Eduardo Escobar and then threw away a pickoff attempt for an error. After a strikeout, Mitch Garver singled to right. Escobar stopped at third as Judge threw the ball on the fly to Sanchez. Garver strayed way too far off first and Sanchez threw to second baseman Gleyber Torres, who had sneaked in to cover. But Torres took his eye off the ball and missed the throw for an error as Escobar scored to make it 5-2.
Betances walked Logan Morrison to bring the tying run to the plate, and Aaron Boone called on David Robertson to clean up the mess. Robertson struck out Ehire Adrianza and got pinch hitter Joe Mauer on a comebacker to end the inning.
The Twins took a 1-0 lead in the first on a double by Escobar. Sanchez tied the score in the second with a laser home run to right off righthander Jose Berrios (2-2).
Gregorius had an RBI single to left in the second, and Torres grounded a run-scoring single to center in the fourth to give the Yankees a 3-1 lead. It was the first career RBI for Torres (2-for-4). Gregorius' home run to the second deck in right and inside the foul pole in the fifth made it 5-1.
Judge homered to right off Tyler Duffey in the seventh to make it 6-2. It was Judge's seventh home run. Later in the inning, Sanchez hit a massive two-run home run to Monument Park to give the Yankees an 8-2 lead. Sanchez has five homers.
Berrios, who came in with a 1.63 ERA, allowed five runs in four-plus innings.
“Got his pitch count up to where he wasn't going to be able to make it through five,” Boone said. “We just kept adding on there. Just a great job by our lineup up and down, I thought, having quality at-bats against an elite pitcher. And then CC took it from there and gave us another real good start.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A confused Jeremy Kyle asked why new mothers needed condoms this morning and was 'shamed' by a Scottish politician.
The stand-in Good Morning Britain host, who is covering for Piers Morgan for a second week, got a chat about the birds and the bees from Mark McDonald MSP, Scotland's Minister for Children and Early Years,
Jeremy asked why condoms were being put in baby boxes for Scottish mums, each of which will cost £160, which the government hopes will encourage safe sleeping and prevent cot death
But in an amazing response, Mr McDonald said he thought the presenter had done enough episodes of The Jeremy Kyle Show to understand "how the process works".
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Jeremy asked: "Why are there condoms in a box given to new mothers?"
A confident Mr McDonald replied: "Well I would have thought you'd done enough episodes of The Jeremy Kyle Show by now Jeremy to understand how this process works."
"But there is an issue about getting an understanding for parents of the fact that a woman is exceptionally fertile postpartum and ensuring the parents are making the necessary precautions.
(Image: ITV)
"Indeed the finished box includes condoms as well so we want to encourage and ensure that parents do not experience unexpected second pregnancies as a consequence of unsafe sex following the birth of a child, that is why there are condoms in the box."
A stunned Jeremy accepted the response, claiming the MSP was a "good lad" for making the joke about his show.
Jezza added: "Fair play Mark, absolutely fair play I'll say to him, absolutely."
(Image: ITV)
Good Morning Britain viewers took to Twitter to mock Jeremy for his lack of contraception knowledge.
One viewer said: " #GMB Mark McDonald... thanks for shaming Jezza"
Another added: "Oh Jeremy, contraception is important after birth, it's so easy to get pregnant again quickly. @GMB #GMB "
A third said: "When's the #jeremykyle box out DNA test, lie Detector, teeth, toothbrush, chav shell suit and a bottle of white lightening #GMB "
* Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6.00am
Adm. Ronny Jackson's nomination to become secretary of veterans affairs appears to be in limbo amid what one key lawmaker tells NPR's Morning Edition are "serious" but "unsubstantiated allegations."
The comments by Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., come a day before Jackson's nomination hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs. It was not clear if the hearing would go ahead as scheduled.
The senator declined to comment on the nature of the allegations against Jackson.
"We have been given a brief sketch of what they [the allegations] are, but I'd prefer not to discuss them at this time," Rounds tells NPR.
Rounds said that he and other members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, had received a phone call from Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., over the weekend advising them "that he was in consultation with the White House and that he would let us know sometime during the early part of the week what the plans are going forward."
"The chairman is aware of [the allegations]. He's discussed them with the White House," Rounds said. "It's really up to the chairman as to what the next step would be — whether we continue on with the nomination process or if we hold up long enough to allow this to be vetted more fully before we bring it before the committee."
Rounds added: "These are serious allegations and they are ones we'd certainly want to get through."
Jackson currently serves as White House physician. He famously defused doubts about the health and fitness of President Trump in January, describing his medical condition in excessively glowing terms. He is a former combat surgeon who served with Navy bomb disposal units and instructed underwater salvage teams.
Trump picked Jackson to succeed David Shulkin, who was forced to resign as VA secretary after an inspector-general's report uncovered inappropriate expenses.
"Some Republican colleagues have told me that they think the hearing should be postponed, which certainly deserves consideration," Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who is also a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, told The Associated Press.
"I think there may well be a need for more time, in fairness to Adm. Jackson, so he and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly," Blumenthal said.
News of the postponement came a day after CIA Director Mike Pompeo, another Trump nominee who appeared in peril, was set on a glide path to approval as secretary of state clearing a key Senate committee.
Taking on Domestic Violence, a team of six members and BYU-Idaho students, started in Feb. 2017 and has the goal of giving power back to victims rather than focusing on the abusers.
This is one of the many programs designed and created by students on campus addressing several topics ranging from domestic violence to local refugees.
Kamryn Shepherd, one of the team members of the nonprofit organization and a junior studying communication, said their goal is “to lower the number of abusers.”
“The issue of domestic violence seems to be swept under the rug,” Shepherd said.
Shepherd said Taking on Domestic Violence is addressing this problem with a different approach.
Rather than focusing on the victim and abuser after the incidents, they want to focus on preventing domestic violence altogether.
Mitchell Taylor, one of the teammates a junior studying business management, said, “Between 2001 and 2012 nearly double the amount of people were killed here in America by the effects of domestic violence than those killed overseas in the war on terror.”
Shepherd said one-third of BYU-Idaho students randomly surveyed by their organization were victims of domestic violence, and every student surveyed had a family member or friend that was a victim.
Taylor said she was told by a Rexburg police officer that the department gets three or four calls daily from domestic violence victims.
Shepherd said Taking on Domestic Violence plans on targeting and teaching local high school students and educating them on how to recognize domestic violence and what it is.
Taking on Domestic Violence began in a design thinking class taught by Justin Morris, a design and construction management professor, in Winter Semester 2017.
“We've really seen the hand of God in creating this organization,” Taylor said. “It's been a miracle.”
However, Taking on Domestic Violence is not the only student run organization trying to make a difference at BYU-I.
Lok Darjee, a sophomore studying physics, has also created an organization to make a difference called Project R.
Project R is an organization to help Syrian refugee youth adjust to their new life in the United States.
Darjee grew up in Nepal and came to the U.S. about seven years ago.
Darjee said as a refugee, he knows what it is like leaving home and coming to live in another country. He wants to help the youth adjust.
Darjee is the original founder of Project R. It is an organization that gets refugee youth involved with the community and gives them opportunities to learn how to further their education.
“More importantly, I want them to have opportunities to be leaders,” Darjee said.
Darjee said Project R hopes to get more attention and volunteers from students, professors and residents.
He hopes to bring people together to have the experience of meeting new people from across the globe and helping refugees get on their feet in this new life.
Darjee said many people think refugees come to the U.S. to use the welfare system, or that they are poor because it is their own fault.
“They are victims of war,” Darjee said. “They are victims of terrorism.”
According to idahorefugees.org, for a refugee to become eligible to come to the U.S. they must go through a rigorous process of approval. A person must first apply for refugee status through the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
If approved by proving they were forced to flee from home, they may be assigned another home.
For refugees that come to the U.S., the person must go through a thorough background check and interview with a specially trained Department of Homeland Security officer, followed by a medical exam.
For more information on how to get involved with Taking on Domestic Violence, find them on Facebook at facebook.com/TakingOnDV.
For more information on how to get involved with Project R, email Lok Darjee at dar16006@byui.edu.
Beginning on April 17, fishermen without a licence will be restricted to a daily limit on a number of shellfish species.
Measures to protect the sustainability of shellfish stock have come into effect. The restrictions are: One lobster; 10 Nephrops (Norway Lobster); Five crabs (edible, green, spider and velvet) either of one of the named species or a combination); Five scallops (King, Queen or a combination).
Rural Economy Secretary Fergus Ewing said: “The setting of catch limits will make it possible for the Scottish Government to distinguish between those genuinely pursuing a hobby and those catching sufficient quantities to make it a financially viable exercise.
“While I recognise and support the public's right to fish, this right must be balanced with the management of commercial fishing activity and the sustainability and health of the stock.
“In recent years, fishermen have expressed increasing concern about the health of these fisheries. The commercial fishing sector supports taking action against illegal unlicensed fishing and I hope the proposed catch limits will help tackle this issue.”
The Shellfish (Restrictions on taking by unlicensed Fishing Boats) (Scotland) Order 2017 came into force on April 17, 2017 following a consultation on the long-standing issue of unlicensed fishermen selling their catch under the guise of conducting a hobby.
Marine Scotland compliance officers patrol all inshore waters with Rigid Inflatable Boats (RIBs) and are in close contact with fishermen. Officers also make regular visits to fish buyers to ensure they buy from vessels that are registered and hold a valid UK fishing vessel license.
Here East, the tech hub based at the former Olympic Park broadcast and press centres, is building a campus-wide fibre network to aid the businesses based on the site.
The network will deliver campus-wide public Wi-Fi with speeds of up to 1Gbps, a cross-connect platform that allows tenants to connect to all services on the campus and connections to the main data centres in and around London.
BT Sport, Ford's mobility innovation centre and Ladbroke's Coral's tech hub are all located at the centre, which houses numerous startups, businesses and educational institutions. They will be joined by Football Manager developer Sports Interactive in the near future.
Here East network
Here East said it wanted to protect tenants from London's ‘infrastructure challenges' which have led to long waits for network installations and higher costs than elsewhere in the country.
It will own the network management system, which will be managed by Optimity, and claims new connections will be made within five days.
“This is part of our vision to deliver the most connected campus in Europe – where businesses, entrepreneurs, universities and technology experts will come together to experiment, build and create,” said Gavin Poole, CEO of Here East
“Typically in London, tenants are left with the responsibility of arranging all their own technology infrastructure, including organising the installation of their own internet connection. The landlord needs to deal with a mass of administration required for this equipment to be installed and the tenant has to endure long lead times and high costs. At Here East we take all this pain away so any company joining us (large and small) and universities can be productive as quickly as possible.”
Central London has surprisingly been plagued by a lack of affordable superfast broadband options owing to the high density of businesses in the area when compared to residences. The City of London is investing in gigabit Wi-Fi while a number of other providers have made efforts to improve connectivity.
Are you a tech Olympian? Find out with our sporting IT quiz!
STAY INFORMED. GET INSPIRED.
Get our Best of the Week Newsletter direct to your inbox
Invalid Email
277: Get Results With These Powerful Questions To Ask Your Prospects by Linda Evenden
By Simon Chan
“Nothing is more attractive than when you're following your purpose.” Linda shows us what it means to not “dabble” in your business. And also, the self talk to overcome the doubts of “Can I do this?”
Here's your chance to finally own my most treasured collection of network marketing training… Reports, Checklists, and Implementation guides. Literally everything I use to grow and operate my network marketing business.
Who is Linda Evenden?
Linda Evenden is a wife, mom to 3 kids from the ages 10, 8 and 7 and started her MLM business 8 years ago. Today she is the #1 income earner in Australia in her company. She's won the franchisee of the year award and the global franchisee of the year.
In the last 2 years, Linda's been able to triple her income as she built a team of thousands in over 18 countries.
Linda has also been able to retire her husband from his high paying corporate career to enjoy more freedom and have more time with the family.
Linda's passion is to reconnect people to their heart's desire and help them achieve their dreams through network marketing.
Favorite Quote
“Do or do not. There is no try.” (Yoda)
“If you don't like it, change it. You're not a tree.” (Jim Rohn)
Must Read Book
The Magic by Rhonda Byrne
The Four Year Career® by Richard B. Brooke
Recommended Online App
Google Drive
Recommended Prospecting Tool
Linda likes to send special links to events that match her prospect.
Contact Info
Heart Driven Women Facebook
Heart Driven Women Instagram
Personal Facebook Page
What Did You Learn?
Thanks for joining me on the show.
So what did you learn?
If you enjoyed this episode please share it on social media and send it to someone that needs extra motivation in their MLM business.
Do you have any thoughts or comments?
Please take 60 seconds to leave an HONEST review for the MLM Nation Podcast on iTunes.
Ratings and reviews are extremely important for me to make this show better.
Finally, don't forget to subscribe to the show on iTunes so that you get updates and new episodes downloaded to your phone automatically.
Click Here to Subscribe via iTunes
Click here to Subscribe via Stitcher
Click Here to Subscribe via RSS (non-iTunes feed)
Author information
Simon Chan
|
The post 277: Get Results With These Powerful Questions To Ask Your Prospects by Linda Evenden appeared first on MLM Nation: Network Marketing Training | Prospecting | Lead Generation | Leadership | Duplication | Motivation.
Source:: http://mlmnation.net/277-linda-evenden/
New Suffolk Sheriff Errol Toulon Jr. got approval to hire a new class of 30 correction officers Tuesday to offset the loss of 30 officers to retirement or resignation over low pay since the last class was hired in September.
Chief Deputy County Executive Dennis M. Cohen, who turned down Toulon's initial request for a new class late last month citing “inadequate appropriations” in the 2018 budget, reversed his position after a phone conversation, the new sheriff said.
Jason Elan, spokesman for Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone, confirmed that the county executive approved the new hiring. “We had conversations with Sheriff Toulon regarding the correction officer class,” he said. “The administration's concern is that overtime has increased over the last couple of years, and we have a commitment by the sheriff to work together to reduce those overtime costs.”
Cohen's reversal will avoid the possibility that Toulon, as a countywide elected official, could appeal directly to the county legislature to override the original refusal.
“I just signed off on two letters of retirement,” Toulon said. “And it seems like I'm getting three or four a week.”
Officials say there are 982 correction officer positions budgeted, but 82 are now vacant and Toulon warned that “short staffing” may continue to be a problem. He said he hopes to get the new class underway in three to four weeks.
The issue first came to light last week at the public safety committee, when Michael Sharkey, Toulon's chief of staff, said, “We are having a big recruitment and retention problem. The civil service list is not lasting or producing the numbers it has in the past.” Officials said the civil service list, which in the past generated about 7,000 qualified applicants before the pay cuts, only resulted in 1,800 with the last list in 2016.
Officials say the 2015 correction officer contract created problems by lowering starting salaries by $4,781 for new officers to $30,000 a year. In addition, new officers also must pay a 15 percent share of health insurance, 3 percent of pension costs and have a salary schedule that takes 12 years to get to the top step of $78,690.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Sharkey said the department wants to do new hiring now to offset staff losses and to make “efficient use” of those remaining on the existing list, who have already been vetted in agility, physical and psychological exams. New correction trainees undergo a 13-week academy and six to eight weeks of field training afterward.
Without immediate hiring, officials said the new list due out shortly from the most recent test given last December is expected to generate less than 1,000 qualified applicants. But those candidates will still have to undergo further vetting, which means a new class could not start until around Thanksgiving and new correction officers would not complete training until March 2019.
The Tesla Model 3 has had a difficult gestation period but finally the Silicon Valley startup's first affordable offering is making its way to Europe. The car's first appearance on the other side of the pond will be at the Goodwood Festival of Speed, ahead of its intended sales debut next year.
Costing about half the price of Tesla's other models, the Model 3 is Tesla's cheapest model. It got 325,000 orders in a week when it was first unveiled, but the damned ended up causing problems for the company, which struggled to meet production targets ever since. What's more, problems with its factory in California caused a total production shutdown in late February, and that hasn't been the only production stoppage for Tesla.
Company boss Elon Musk has promised that the delays are only temporary, insisting its only "a six- to nine-month time shift" in production.
While we wait for the Model 3 to hit showrooms in Europe, we can get a first glance at Goodwood next week. The all-electric seda, which can reach 60 miles per hour (96 kilometers per hour) in just 5.6 seconds and on to a top speed of 130 mph (210 kph) has an estimated range of up to 220 miles (354 kilometers) while optional long-range batteries boost performance and range bringing the 0-60 down to 5.1 secs, the top speed up to 140 mph (226 kph) and the range to 310 miles (499 km). In the U.S. the Model 3 has a four-year, 50,000-mile warranty with an eight-year, 100,000-mile guarantee on the battery.
The Model 3 promises to be a big attraction at the Festival.
Valentine's Day is over for 2017, but no doubt you've maybe bought some flowers, taken a certain someone out to dinner…and most likely indulged in a little candy. By the handful…or boxful.
Well, consider this as we clean up in the Valentine's Day clearance sales: There may be no better way to make love last than loving our health.
It makes sense. How many times have you heard the advice ‘you can't love someone else until you love yourself'? Loving ourselves isn't just about having good self-esteem; it's about taking care of our bodies, hearts and minds.
The New Mexico Department of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) offer you the following ways to challenge yourself to be active, healthy, and smoke-free 24/7/365:
· Treat yourself and loved ones to a heart-healthy meal. You don't have to go out to do it. There are plenty of recipes out there that are good, good for you, and less expensive than anything you'll get at a restaurant. Look for meal ideas that include plenty of fruits and vegetables and foods low in saturated fat and salt. Don't forget the soft music and candlelight!
Plan an event that doesn't just encourage healthy eating, but physical activity too! We adults need two hours and 30 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic activity every week. Go on a hike, you little lovebirds, you. When you get to your destination, breakout that awesome healthy picnic lunch you made and watch your partner swoon. I see couples working out at the gym together all the time. Clearly a shared interest in exercise helps keep them healthy and happy.
Don't forget there are healthy alternatives to candy; say, a fruit basket instead of any given gigantic heart-shaped box of mystery candy.
If you smoke, quit smoking. It's a perfect gift for yourself and others, and the Department of Health's Tobacco Use Prevention and Control Program (TUPAC) offers counseling free of charge at 1-800-QUIT-NOW (1-800-784-8669) and 1-855-DEJELO-YA (1-855-335-3569) .
and . February is American Heart Month. Do yourself and your loved ones a favor and learn about heart disease prevention together. Heart disease can be preventable, and it's always something to watch out for – especially in the southern part of New Mexico where heart disease ranks highest in the state.
Learn the most common symptoms of a heart attack. Call 9-1-1 immediately if these symptoms occur.
Eat healthy, be active, protect ourselves and our family, manage stress and more – all of these are great heart healthy tips to share with the one you love year around.
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Have you ever bought something from a pawnshop? Curious about where it came from? Ever been worried about a purchasing a stolen item? Pawnshops here in Great Falls, like many around the nation try to put those fears to rest by using a database connected to the police department.
Clint Wheeler is the owner of Capital Pawn in Great Falls and says there is no need to worry. They have an extensive background check,before taking their items and putting it in their database.
“Someone sells us something, it has to sit in the back legally for 7 business days, that way our downloads have time to be cross-referenced with police reports. So that lets say something stolen came in it didn't come out and be sold right away before something could be done with it.”
Josh Macek owns Warehouse Pawn also in Great Falls, and he says the biggest thing you can do to help yourself if you find your items stolen is filed a police report.
“We are very involved in the local police departments, the sheriff's department. If you do have a stolen item that isn't documented, first thing you want to do is do a police report on it. Call around local pawnshops, let them know, hey this has been stolen; I just filed a police report. So if it does happen to come in the door we already know about that item.”
Make sure to give as much detail as possible about the items and include anything that could connect the items to you such as stickers, scratches or gouges. This could be a huge help to both pawnshops and the police department in returning stolen items back to you.
© Sputnik/Aleksey Nikolskyi
Pompeo defends meeting
The heads of three Russian intelligence agencies traveled to the United States to meet with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, amid a series of political rifts between the two sides over US President Donald Trump's alleged collusion with Russian officials and Washington's renewal of sanctions against Moscow.The Russian embassy in the US confirmed Tuesday thatIt has now been revealed in a report by The Washington Post that accompanying Naryshkin during the trip were two other chiefs --According to the Post, Bortnikov also met with the CIA chief but it was not clear which American officials Korobov had met with.A senior US intelligence official in Moscow also headed back to Washington to partake in the meetings, an unnamed US government source familiar with the matter told the paper.The encounters raised concern among some US politicians, who interpreted them as signs of the Trump administration's willingness to work with Moscow despite concerns at home about the government of Russian President Vladimir Putin's alleged interference in the 2016 US presidential election.While the, current and former US officials told the Post thatAfter facing heavy criticism from Democrats, specially Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer who said "there was something untoward" in the meetings, Pompeo said Thursday that the meetings were nothing out of the ordinary."While Russia remains an adversary, we would put American lives at greater risk if we ignored opportunities to work with the Russian services in the fight against terrorism," Pompeo said."We cover very difficult subjects in which American and Russian interests do not align," he added.Schumer had specifically asked for more details about Naryshkin, who is on Washington's sanctions list, and that whether the trip had anything to do with the Trump administration's refusal this week to impose new sanctions against Russia.The Trump White House had until Monday to implement a sanctions bill against Moscow but instead informed lawmakers that the legislation, which was passed last year, was already "serving as a deterrent."The trip also came days before Washington released a list of 114 Russian politicians and 96 "oligarchs" close to the Kremlin upon a request by Congress. Bortnikov is among the sanctioned senior Russian officials.US media did not rule out a possible connection between the meeting and Washington's decision to shelve the sanctions bill for the near future.
By Stephen M. Walt
October 06, 2017 “Information Clearing House” – Ten years ago, John Mearsheimer and I published a controversial article and subsequent book examining the impact of the “Israel lobby” — that is, a loose coalition of pro-Israel individuals and organizations like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the Anti-Defamation League, the Washington Institute for Near East Policy and Christians United for Israel, just to name a few. We argued that decades of unconditional U.S. support for Israel — the so-called “special relationship” — is not explained by U.S. strategic interests or by shared values, as is often claimed, but is due primarily to the political efforts and activities of the lobby.
The result, we also argued, does more harm than good to both the United States and Israel. For the United States, the “special relationship” undermines America's standing in the Arab and Islamic worlds, has encouraged a more confrontational approach with Iran and Syria, and contributes significantly both to America's terrorism problem and to needless and costly debacles like the 2003 invasion of Iraq. For Israel, unquestioning U.S. support for almost all its actions has allowed the decades-long subjugation of the Palestinians to continue unchecked, undermining the Israeli-Palestinian peace process and threatening Israel's future as a democratic and/or Jewish state.
We made it clear that the lobby was not a monolith controlling every aspect of U.S. Middle East policy, but rather a collection of disparate groups and individuals united by the aim of defending Israel's actions and deepening the special relationship. We explicitly rejected the idea that anything nefarious was going on, explaining that AIPAC and related organizations were simply part of a powerful interest group like the farm lobby or the National Rifle Association. Their efforts to influence U.S. policy are “as American as apple pie.” And we used the term “Israel lobby” to highlight that not all American Jews support these policies and that some key members of the lobby (such as Christian Zionists) aren't Jewish. The book also emphasizes that none of these groups or individuals is solely responsible for the choices U.S. leaders make.
As the article and book predicted, a firestorm of criticism followed their publication, including more than a few accusations that we are anti-Israel or anti-Semitic. Nothing could be further from the truth. Our aim was to elicit a debate that would help move America's foreign policy in a wiser direction and increase Israel's chances of achieving a durable, peaceful two-state solution with the Palestinians. By successfully squelching any criticism of Israel in almost any form, and by encouraging military action against Israel's foes, the lobby — in our view — had led us away from both.
Unfortunately for Israel as well as the United States, the past 10 years provide ample evidence that our core argument is still correct. Nevertheless, shifts inside the pro-Israel community and in Israel itself may yet lead to positive shifts in U.S. Middle East policy and to a healthier relationship between the two countries.
There is little question the lobby remains a potent political force today. The “special relationship” is firmly intact: An increasingly prosperous Israel continues to receive billions of dollars in U.S. assistance, and it is still largely immune from criticism by top U.S. officials, members of Congress or contenders for public office. Being perceived as insufficiently “pro-Israel” can disqualify nominees for important government positions; one need look no further than Chuck Hagel's contentious confirmation hearings — and the 178 times Israel came up — to see how crucial a role being pro-Israel plays in achieving political success in this country. People who criticize Israel too pointedly can still lose their jobs. Wealthy defenders of Israel such as Sheldon Adelson and Haim Saban play outsize roles in American politics, especially on Israel-related issues. A number of hard-line individuals and groups in the lobby remain staunch opponents of the sensible 2016 nuclear deal with Iran and may eventually help convince President Trump or the Congress to overturn it.
The clearest illustration of the lobby's enduring power, however, is the Obama administration's failure to make any progress on settling the Israel-Palestinian conflict. President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry were strong supporters of Israel, and both believe a two-state solution is, as Obama put it, “in Israel's interest, Palestine's interest, America's interest and the world's interest.” But even with backing from pro-peace, pro-Israel organizations such as J Street, their efforts to achieve “two states for two peoples” were rebuffed by Israel, working hand in hand with AIPAC and other hard-line groups. So instead of seriously pursuing peace, Israel expanded its settlements in the Israeli-occupied territories, making it more difficult than ever to create a viable Palestinian state.
Given AIPAC's enduring influence in Congress and its unyielding opposition to any meaningful compromise with the Palestinians, Obama and Kerry ultimately could offer Israel only additional carrots (such as increased military aid) to try to win their cooperation. Like their predecessors, they could not put pressure on Israel to compromise by threatening to reduce U.S. support significantly. As a result, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had little incentive to make a deal. So, the two-state solution, which the United States has long sought and Netanyahu has long opposed, is now further away than ever. This outcome is bad for the United States and for Israel.
Despite the lobby's continuing influence, however, there is a more open discussion of Israel-related issues today than there was before we wrote our article and book. Together with long-term trends in the region and the United States, the ability to speak more openly about Israel is likely to diminish the lobby's impact on U.S. foreign policy in the future.
For starters, despite joining forces with Netanyahu to oppose the Iran deal, AIPAC was unable to convince Congress to reject the agreement. This failure signaled a rare defeat for the lobbying group, and a triumph for J Street and other groups that had backed the deal.
Furthermore, the taboo of publicly criticizing Israel, the lobby or the special relationship has been broken. In recent years, writers such as Peter Beinart, John Judis, Dan Fleshler and others have written important works examining the role of pro-Israel groups in American politics and criticizing their impact on U.S. foreign policy. Prominent journalists such as Thomas Friedman, Andrew Sullivan and Roger Cohen have penned their own criticisms of Israel's policies and the lobby's activities. More Americans have become aware of the complexities of life in Israel-Palestine and are more sympathetic to the needs and desires of both populations.
There is also a growing divide within the American Jewish community over what is best for Israel itself. Scholars like Dov Waxman, Steven Simon and Dana Allin have documented that American Jews today are less reluctant to criticize Israel's policies or the actions of the Israeli government. The creation of the pro-peace lobby J Street, the rapid growth of progressive groups like Jewish Voice for Peace, and the success of controversial online journals critical of Zionism, such as Mondoweiss, show that attitudes about Israel are more complicated than in the past. Reflexive support for whatever Israel does is no longer the default condition for many American Jews.
These developments are especially evident among young people, and as Waxman emphasizes in his 2016 book “Trouble in the Tribe,” they have amplified divisions between the Orthodox and more liberal branches of Judaism. One sees this trend in a recent poll conducted by the American Jewish Committee, which found that nearly 80% of American Jews disapprove of the job President Trump is doing but 71% of Orthodox Jews support Trump. The main reason? Orthodox Jews tend to see Trump as more supportive of Israel. Yet even among the Orthodox, a recent survey by Nishma Research found that only 43% of those between 18 and 34 “actively support” the Jewish state, compared with 71% of those over 55.
When Israel gained control of the West Bank and Gaza in 1967, the resulting subjugation of millions of Palestinians brought that tension to the fore. The occupation of the Palestinian territories has endured for half a century, and today, certain sections of Israel's government are openly committed to retaining the West Bank in perpetuity and creating a “Greater Israel.” This policy not only involves denying the Palestinian subjects meaningful political rights, but also leads Israel to react harshly whenever the Palestinians respond with violence and terrorism (as happened in response to the two intifadas and in Israel's repeated assaults on Gaza), further tarnishing its image in the United States and elsewhere.These trends stem from a core tension: The vast majority of American Jews remain deeply committed to liberal values, while Israel has been moving away from them for many years now. There is a certain tension between liberalism and Zionism, because liberalism assumes that all humans possess the same set of basic rights and it emphasizes mutual tolerance, while Zionism is a nationalist movement that in its current iteration privileges one people at the expense of another. Until 1967, however, that tension between liberal and Zionist values was muted because most Israelis were Jewish and the second-class status of Israel's Arab minority did not receive much attention.
But as former prime ministers Ehud Barak and Ehud Olmert each warned, in the long run, denying the Palestinians a viable state of their own will turn Israel into a state akin to apartheid South Africa. Such a state will be increasingly difficult for Israel's supporters — and especially liberal American Jews — to embrace and defend against the inevitable criticism that will be directed at it. Furthermore, the steady rightward drift of Israeli politics — exemplified by the 2016 “transparency law” marginalizing Israeli human rights organizations, as well as by Netanyahu's decision to renege on a plan to allow non-Orthodox Jewish men and women to pray together at the Western Wall — also clashes with the political values of most American Jews.
Even more disturbing, the Israeli government has begun to turn a blind eye to incidents of genuine anti-Semitism, when doing so is seen as safeguarding other priorities. Netanyahu was slow to condemn the anti-Jewish and neo-Nazi demonstrations in Charlottesville, Virginia, in August, for example, and he declined to criticize Trump's waffling response to these disturbing events. Netanyahu also remains on good terms with Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban despite Orban's anti-Semitic campaign against financier George Soros. Indeed, Netanyahu's son Yair Netanyahu recently posted to Facebook an explicitly anti-Semitic meme about Soros, thereby earning a swift condemnation from the ADL.
These and other events have accelerated what Waxman describes as a “splintering” among pro-Israel organizations. Past depictions of a weak Israeli David surrounded by a hostile Arab Goliath no longer ring true against the reality of a prosperous, nuclear-armed Israel that denies millions of Palestinian Arabs basic rights and uses its vast military power to keep those disenfranchised subjects powerless and afraid. Israel still faces a number of security challenges, but, contrary to what used to be the conventional wisdom, it is not weak, isolated or vulnerable to conventional attack. Instead, it has become a fiercely nationalistic state pursuing increasingly illiberal policies, which makes it increasingly hard for liberals to defend with enthusiasm.
These trends, however, have yet to affect Israel's most ardent defenders here in the United States. If anything, their efforts to silence criticism of Israel have reached new heights. How else can one explain the AIPAC-sponsored Senate bill that would make it a crime in the United States to participate in the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement, legislation that the American Civil Liberties Union, Amnesty International and the Center for Constitutional Rights have rightly denounced as a direct threat to free speech?
Even if they succeed in muzzling some criticism in the short term, over time these tactics will turn off many Americans, including large numbers of American Jews who prize freedom of speech, tolerance and human rights, and who understand how important those values are for preserving the security of minority populations everywhere.
Barring a major shift in Israel's political trajectory, therefore, the fissures within the lobby — and in the American Jewish community more broadly — are likely to widen. If the balance of power in that community shifts in favor of more moderate and pro-peace groups, then there may be a glimmer of hope. “Two states for two peoples” will be harder to achieve today than it would have been under either President Clinton or President Obama, but political pressure from a powerful, pro-Israel and pro-peace lobby in the United States is probably the only development that would convince U.S. leaders to act as fair-minded mediators and persuade the Israeli government to grant the Palestinians a viable state of their own. Over the long term, that may also be the only way to preserve a secure Israel and the strong bonds of the U.S.- Israel relationship.
Stephen M. Walt is the Robert and Renee Belfer Professor of International Affairs at the Harvard Kennedy School and the co-author (with John J. Mearsheimer) of “The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy” (Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2007).
This article was originally published by The Forward –
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/47957.htm
click to enlarge Screenshot
The Civil War wasn't about what you think it was, Templeton says
Republican candidate for governor Catherine Templeton had some interesting things to say yesterday at Christian fundamentalist college Bob Jones University, including that she thinks It's important to spell out that her Confederate ancestors didn't fight to break up the United States because "we had slaves," but rather because the government "was trying to tell us how to live." Source: Greenville News
P&C's Brian Hicks: "Catherine Templeton is not stupid. But she clearly thinks most Republican primary voters are."
A bill in the S.C. legislature sets out to protect businesses from being sued under nuisance laws if development after the fact establishes more nearby residents after the business is established. Source: P&C
$33 million: The possible cost of a Christmas Day 2017 lottery glitch in S.C. Source: P&C
The City of North Charleston is working toward building the tricounty's first playground for children with disabilities. Source: P&C
Charleston County is reportedly working to have an historic building torn down along Mosquito Beach, a coastal stretch of James Island known for being a segregation-era recreation area for African-Americans. Preservation advocates are pushing back, fighting the county and applying for federal grants to keep it standing. Source: P&C
I'm a novelist, poet, and artist. I love books, nature, art, and gardening. I'm a rock hound and there's a photo of me with a cool fossil rock on my about page, I take a lot of nature pictures. The background here is one of mine. Unfortunately I recently lost my wonderful husband, but I'm grateful to have the blessing of two beautiful sons. elizabethmeltonparsons.wordpress.com is © Elizabeth Melton Parsons 2007-2017. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog's author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Elizabeth Melton Parsons with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Memphis Depay has pinned his failure at Manchester United down to not being himself while at the Premier League club.
The Dutchman arrived at Old Trafford for £30million and with a lot of promise from PSV in 2015.
But after been named Eredivisie's player of the season for 2014/15, Depay could never quite reach those same dizzying heights while at United.
The Dutch attacker lasted just one season at the Red Devils before being sold to Lyon for around £15m by Jose Mourinho.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: X01095)
But Depay is beginning to find his feet again at the Ligue 1 club. This season alone the 24-year-old has scored 13 goals and produced nine assists - including a last-minute winner against Marseille at the weekend.
On why it didn't work out at United, Depay told Canal+: "I know how it works in football. I'm the one who gets all the punches. 'Memphis is crazy', 'Memphis does this...'
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
"I cannot be anyone else but Memphis. I tried that, and I was not happy with myself. Back in Manchester, I was not happy with myself.
"How can I be a great football player when you're not happy with yourself? I looked in the mirror and I was not happy, I was sad. Now I'm happy to be myself."
In terms of how fare he can go, Depay added: "Honestly, in terms of quality... nothing [is lacking to be the best in the world]," he said. "I'm not arrogant but I need to be more consistent perhaps."
YOU may have heard the expression, 'not all calories are equal', and indeed when it comes to liquid calories, the ones we consume via a variety of smoothies, juices, coffees, wines and spirits we need to be particularly careful.
You see, when we consume our calories via liquids, not only do we not register that we have actually consumed this many calories but especially sugary drinks such as soft drinks and juices are more likely to see fat accumulated in the liver when we drink them regularly. Soft drink is also one of the only individual food groups directly linked to excessive sugar consumption and weight gain. So if you have not done so before, it may be worth considering how many of your daily calories you are actually drinking.
Some of us start our day with coffee, others a green smoothie or maybe you are more of a juice person. Whatever your morning go to, chances are it could be adding almost a breakfast worth of calories without you realising it. Take a coffee for example, a black coffee with a dash of milk contains an insignificant number of calories and sugar, while a large caramel Latte contains at least 200 calories and more than 5 teaspoons of sugar. Or an average serve of fruit juice will offer at least 200 calories and 6 teaspoons of sugar, while a large smoothie will clock in with at least 400 calories and up to 12 teaspoons of sugar. So if your goal is weight control and to keep your sugar intake to a minimum, when it comes to breakfast drinks, choose small unflavoured coffees, vegetable juices in place of fruit and order a small smoothie and remember it is the meal, not just a drink.
This is the best option if you're choosing a smoothie for breakfast. Picture: istock.
Next we have the beverages we choose why we go about our day-to-day jobs - you may enjoy a midmorning coffee; coconut water after a visit to the gym or you may pick up an energy drink to keep you awake until lunchtime. Again all of these popular drinks are adding a significant number of calories to your day - a coffee at least 100, an energy drink at least 150 calories and up to 7 teaspoons of sugar, and even 'healthy' coconut water will give you more than 3 teaspoons of sugar in a single serve. The good news? It is easy to wipe out these extra calories by sticking to water, plain tea and coffee in between meals and if you must add some flavour to your drinks in between meals, always look for sugar free options.
Soft drink, flavoured mineral waters and juice remains the favourite lunchtime drink options, with many a lunch meal deal dependent on choosing one of these sugary additions to round out your lunch. The issue? All of these options will add 5-9 teaspoons of sugar along with a couple of hundred extra liquid calories. Better options? Water, sparking or soda water or if you must a diet or no sugar bubbly alternative.
Once we make it through the day, while sugary drinks have less of a focus, if you do enjoy a wine or beer most days, it can be easy to drink as many calories as a meal without even noticing. It is a common belief that alcohol contains a lot of sugar, this is not exactly true. Rather it is the nutrient alcohol that contains a significant number of calories, and when we are enjoying alcohol the body is so busy burning off these alcohol calories that the calories we consume via food (think fried food, dips, chips and snacks) while we are drinking that are more likely to be stored. It is for this reason that alcohol is closely linked to weight gain.
So if you regularly enjoy a couple of alcoholic drinks after work, with the larger glasses we tend to pour our own drinks into, we will be adding an extra 200-300 calories into our day, or almost that of a small meal in itself. For many of us, our liquid calorie intake explains very simply why we are gradually gaining weight, even though we may not be eating all that differently.
You don't have to just ditch the brownies if you're on a diet. The large mocha or caramel latte isn't doing you any favours either. Picture:Instagram
The average female who spends much of the day sitting will burn roughly 1200-1500 calories per day and an average male between 1600-2000 calories. If you consider that a couple of large milk coffees along with a smoothie or juice and glass or two of wine will be adding up to an extra 700-1000 calories each day, you could be drinking more than ½ the number of calories you need. Liquid calories are closely linked to weight gain, we do not eat significantly less when we drink some of our calories and they are one area of our diet in which we can easily cut back.
So where possible choose plain black or piccolo sized coffees; limit your intake of sugary drinks and juices opting for no or low calorie sparking water or vegetable juices instead and watch the size of your nightly wine pour to slash these extra liquid calories and your calorie intake overall.
Susie Burrell is a dietitian and nutritionist. Follow her on Twitter @SusieBDiet
The problem
The attempted solution
Undoing the international commercial treaties
Re-framing or dissolving the inter-governmental structures
Reinvesting in productive economy
Reorienting the Pentagon and the CIA
Keep in mind President Trump is absolutely not the « unpredictable » character so often described. Quite the contrary, he acts in a clearly thoughtful and logical manner.
Donald Trump is preparing a reorganisation of international relations. This change will operate through a complete and sudden upheaval directed against the interests of the transnational ruling class.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victoria Beckham was on hand to see Kenya's girl power during a Sport Relief visit.
The Spice Girl turned fashion designer, 43, travelled to Nairobi to oversee charity projects, including one which promotes women's boxing.
The wife of former England football captain David shared pictures and videos on Instagram, in which she said she was inspired by empowering girls and women.
(Image: Instagram/victoriabeckham)
(Image: Instagram/victoriabeckham)
(Image: Instagram/victoriabeckham)
(Image: Instagram/victoriabeckham)
Other posts showed the mother-of-four meeting villagers and talking about how delighted she was that the girls she was meeting had big dreams for their futures, such as wanting to be lawyers and doctors.
(Image: Instagram/victoriabeckham)
(Image: Instagram/victoriabeckham)
Victoria said: “I'm so proud to have been supporting the amazing work of Sport Relief for over a decade.
“I first went on a field trip to Peru in 2004 for the A Mile In Their Shoes documentary.
"Fourteen years later, here I am in Kenya, visiting incredible community projects that are protecting, educating and empowering women of all ages."
Video: Dawes – “Living In The Future”
Dawes – Living In The Future (Official Video)
Watch this video on YouTube
Directed by Grant James. From Passwords, due June 22 on HUB Records.
Dawes is back with their sixth studio album. If you include their two live albums, Dawes has released eight albums in nine years. Productive dudes.
They've been courting the jam band circuit for a while now even though their music isn't particularly jammy. They still work well within the confines of normal pop song structure. Then again Taylor Goldsmith is notorious for making “guitar guy” faces while he solos, so maybe that's why the jam scene embraces them.
After 2011's Nothing Is Wrong, Dawes parted ways with ATO Records and have self-released their stuff on their own HUB Records ever since. It's cool that they've figured out a way to continue making music for a living in the current environment. It's gotta be tough for a band at this level to keep on keeping on.
I'm happy to hear that they reunited with producer Jonathan Wilson who recorded their first two (and two best) albums. Wilson said, “I wanted to record them live and capture that magic that you can only get recording a real fucking band, that lives together and breathes together as a unit. There aren't too many of those left, but I think we captured it.” Right on.
It's that constant paranoia
It's the final fire drill
And if you won't sing the anthem
They'll go find someone else who will
They're cracking down
Dawes: web, twitter, amazon, apple, spotify, wiki.
Audio: Dawes – “Crack The Case”
Dawes – Crack The Case (Lyric Video)
Watch this video on YouTube
From Passwords, due June 22 on HUB Records.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United may be poised to activate Barcelona star Sergi Roberto's release clause.
Spanish publication Don Balon says the midfielder is unimpressed Paulinho's imminent arrival and eager to ensure ample playing time.
The 25-year-old Roberto was among the substitutes for the Spanish Super Cup clash with Real Madrid on Sunday night.
It is believed that his contract includes a £36.5m release clause - a figure United or Chelsea could easily match.
The report claims the Spanish international is currently ready to stay and fight for his place at Camp Nou, but if that changes then United would be waiting in the wings ready to pounce.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mkhitaryan: We're ready to challenge
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
Henrikh Mkhitaryan believes 20-time champions Manchester United are finally ready to challenge for the title again.
The Armenian provided two assists in United's emphatic 4-0 win over West Ham on Sunday.
United's last title triumph came in Sir Alex Ferguson's final season in 2013, since when they have finished seventh, fourth, fifth and sixth in the table.
But United looks a different proposition this season, with Mkhitaryan confident they can take aim at winning the league.
Read more here.
Bolt to play in legends game - if he's fit
(Image: Manchester United via Getty)
Usain Bolt's athletics career finale didn't go to plan with the fastest man of all time breaking down on the home straight of the 4x100m relay in London.
But a lifelong dream for the now-retired Jamaican sprinter could become a reality at Old Trafford.
It has been reported that Bolt is to be named in the star-studded line-up for Manchester United's legends match against Barcelona.
Now after a career of dominating his opponents on the track, Bolt has race against the clock to be fit to play in the match.
Here's the full story.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexandre Lacazette could be forgiven for being concerned at the arrival of £56million hitman Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang .
After all, the Frenchman was brought in at considerable expense last summer as Arsenal sought a solution to their striking woes.
But after an indifferent start to his career at the Emirates, Lacazette finds himself with more competition up front.
Aubameyang arrives with a lethal reputation in front of goal and will surely be the No.1 choice in attack.
But Lacazzette has indicated to his new teammate that he will have to graft to usurp him from the side, reports Football.London .
On his official Instagram account, the 26-year-old sent a message to the Gunners' deadline day signing to salute the arrival of last season's top scorer in the Bundesliga with a caption that read: "WORK Welcome in the Team Aubameyang. Good to work with u bro."
He ended his updated with the hashtags "#PEA" and "#LACA" - a combination that Arsenal fans are hoping can become a deadly partnership in the weeks to come.
At the end of his time in Dortmund, many stories were written about Aubameyang regarding his apparently poor work rate, attitude and influence over the squad, although some advocates for the Gabonese forward have disputed the claims made in the press.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
The relationship between the player, his family and the German media deteriorated in his final months in the Bundesliga and it has been argued that the highly critical reports were a product of this breakdown in trust and respect.
However, as Lacazette makes clear in his Instagram post, his new rival for the striker role will need to prove he can put in the work to impress Wenger and dominate the front line if he has designs on being the lead striker at the Emirates.
click to enlarge File
Haire
Regardless of what you may think of South Carolina Congressman Trey Gowdy, if you aren't a Palmetto State political junkie, you may not know that the man with the most notorious haircut in Congress has a wonderful, self-deprecating sense of humor.
It's something U.S. Sen. Tim Scott, knows quite well. The two South Carolina Republicans frequently rib each other on social media and to the press, with most of the ribbing centering around the mangled mop on top of Gowdy's head.
It's a bond that's so strong and genuine the two have even penned a inspirational book together, "Unified: How Our Unlikely Friendship Gives Us Hope for a Divided Country." It'll hit stands April 3.
Right now, I'm even looking at a goofy pic of the duo in which Scott's dressed in standard business casual and Gowdy's wearing a blue beanie, a white Oxford, and off-white shorts, flashing a peace sign like he's a grown-up member of the Icy Hot Stuntaz.
And then there's Gowdy's 2016 campaign television ad which trumpeted Gowdy's conservative credentials, in particular his role as the tough-as-nails Sam Waterston of Benghazi: Partisan Investigation Unit, while also poking fun at Gowdy's series of bad hair days. The dang thing was even set in a barber shop. The tagline: "Trey Gowdy: Consistent Conservative, Inconsistent Haircuts."
All of this is in stark contrast to the role Gowdy played during the Benghazi hearings.
As a loyal soldier for the GOP, Gowdy attacked the investigation with the ruthless tenacity that made him a champion prosecutor. But according to his critics, Gowdy's task was less about uncovering the truth of what happened on Sept. 11, 2012, than it was to paint a case that then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton failed to protect U.S. citizens — and then tried to hide the facts about the attack.
In the end, Hillary took a beating but survived to win the Democratic presidential nomination, and Gowdy became a hero to the red-meat crowd and an arch-villain to blue staters.
But unbeknownst to the public, the Congressman had grown disillusioned with partisan politics. Rumors even swirled that Gowdy might return home to run as lieutenant governor on a joint ticket with Tim Scott, but that seemed unlikely.
Still there was something there, perhaps even a story of a man who felt he had lost a piece of his soul in D.C. and sought redemption. Perhaps.
On Jan. 31, 2018, Trey Gowdy announced he wouldn't be running for re-election. Instead, he hoped to return to law, where, he said, there are jobs that "both seek and reward fairness." It was a clear jab at Congress.
Not long after the announcement, a much-different image of Gowdy began to emerge, one that frequently supported Robert Mueller's ongoing Russian investigation and countered Trump Twitter tantrums.
Although Gowdy tsk-tsked Mueller for not cracking down on leaks, the Congressman praised the former FBI director's apolitical, blemish-free career.
Gowdy was also one of the few Republicans to counter the declaration from the House Intelligence Committee that it had found no evidence that Russia had attempted to get Donald Trump elected, saying, "It is clear, based on the evidence, Russia had disdain for Secretary Clinton and was motivated in whole or in part by a desire to harm her candidacy."
Prior to that, Gowdy took issue with the common GOP assertion that Devin Nunes' #releasethe memo offered proof that the Russian investigation was a Democratic-led witch hunt against Trump, a witch hunt solely supported by a controversial and partially discredited Steele dossier.
In a Feb. 4 interview on "Face the Nation," Gowdy negated these claims, stating, "To the extent the memo deals with the dossier and the FISA process, the dossier has nothing to do with the meeting at Trump Tower. The dossier has nothing to do with an email sent by Cambridge Analytica. The dossier really has nothing to do with George Papadopoulos' meeting in Great Britain. It also doesn't have anything to do with obstruction of justice."
And there are few more authoritative voices on the Nunes' memo than Gowdy: He co-wrote it.
Flash forward to this week. Gowdy may have defended Trump's firing of Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, saying he "undercut his credibility by himself," the Congressman publicly condemned any move to fire Mueller, an action Trump himself has long considered and his lawyer recently supported.
On Sunday, Gowdy spoke very pointedly about President Twitler's behavior, telling Fox News' Chris Wallace, "When you are innocent, if the allegations are collusion with the Russians and there is no evidence of that, and you are innocent of that, act like it."
Gowdy even issued President Trump a very clear warning if he tries to stop Mueller: "I would just counsel the president, it's going to be very, very long bad 2018."
Clearly, Trey Gowdy is no longer bound by partisan obligations. You might even say he is well on his way back to a world where fairness matters and those who seek it are rewarded.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hayley Hughes has had a cameo on Coronation Street and BBC drama Our Girl and wants to use her fame on Love Island to be the next Michelle Keegan.
Hayley, 21, told the Mirror: “I had a feature part on Corrie. It was a non speaking part. It was just my face on the telly.
“That was last year. I was working in the salon as a trainee hairdresser.
“I was in the salon with David Platt and the woman who plays Audrey. She's really nice.
“I would love to do more acting. I went to a drama school in Manchester.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: BBC)
“I love Michelle Keegan. I'm obsessed with her. She is my girl crush. I love her. I've always followed her career.
“I like underdogs. She was just a normal girl working in Selfridges and she's done so well for herself. Who knows... it could happen to me.
“She wasn't on Corrie when I was there but I met her on Our Girl. I had a picture with her after I had a little feature part in the show.. She is so sweet and lovely.”
Hayley has only ever had one boyfriend and says she won't have sex with a second lover on TV.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
She said: “I just feel something like should be kept behind closed doors and is personal.
“It can wait. It's only eight or nine weeks. There's no rush to have sex on telly.
“I've only been intimate with one guy. I've only been used to the one person.
“I wouldn't want the second time I'm intimate with someone to be on TV.”
Hayley is from Liverpool and works as a model with last year's Love Island star Chris Hughes amongst her followers on Instagram.
She said: “I don't like cocky lads. And I like them to have nice teeth.
“If I win I'd get myself a new car and loads of new clothes, what most girls would do.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment a masked robber armed with a claw hammer left two women terrified during a raid at a bookmaker.
CCTV shows Thomas Brand bursting into a branch of Coral and threatening the workers with the weapon as he demanded cash.
After Brand warned them not to touch anything, both victims were frozen with fear and too scared to press the panic alarm .
He fled the scene on a bike but was snared when police followed his getaway route on CCTV and found his ski mask, together with his DNA, Chronicle Live reports.
(Photo: North News)
(Photo: Northumbria Police)
Brand has a previous conviction for conspiracy to murder.
Now the 45-year-old raider, who also admitted targeting fruit machines during raids on pubs, has been jailed for four years at Newcastle Crown Court.
Judge Amanda Rippon told him: “Those two women will live with what you did that day for the rest of their lives.
“It will effect their work at the bookmakers and it will, no doubt, visit them in their dreams.
“I'm pleased to hear you have watched the CCTV and acknowledge the fear and distress you have caused those women.”
Brand targeted the branch of Coral in Sunderland on December 10, fleeing with more than £600.
One of victims said: “To be confronted by a masked male brandishing a hammer is a very frightening situation to be in.”
(Photo: Northumbria Police)
(Photo: Northumbria Police)
The court heard one of the women can be seen on CCTV breaking down in tears when Brand leaves the shop.
Brand, of Brandling Street, Roker, Sunderland, pleaded guilty robbery.
He also admitted a burglary at the Lambton Worm pub in Sunderland last October after he and an accomplice were caught fleeing the pub in the early hours of the morning after smashing their way in.
(Photo: Northumbria Police)
The court heard a window was smashed during the raid and Brand dropped a bag containing £151 in pound coins taken from a fruit machine as he ran off.
He was on bail for the break-in when he committed the bookies raid.
Brand then carried out a second pub burglary at the Hastings Hill pub in Sunderland in the early hours of December 30.
The court heard he and an accomplice caused £800 of damage when they smashed their way in to the bar and made off with a fruit machine.
He pleaded guilty to burglary.
Jamie Adams, defending, said Brand, who has 158 previous convictions, had started taking cocaine after finding it hard to get a job after his release from a 12 year sentence for conspiracy to murder, imposed in 2003.
Mr Adams added: “To see two women being frightened by his behaviour really made him feel very ashamed.
“He is determined to sort himself out.”
What with the introduction of mandatory metadata retention laws for ISPs in Australia, it's fast becoming common practice for digital citizens to employ VPNs – that is, virtual private networks – to conceal their online tracks from Big Brandis and Uncle Sam.
It's not that I or other concerned citizens have anything to hide, it's just that other people don't have the right to log, view, and make judgement on every single thing I do online.
Even if you don't think that the government will have any interest in what you're doing online, if you use your phone at internet cafes or wifi hotspots, a VPN is a great way to protect you from users on the same network that may have intentions that are less than pure.
Further, if you're connecting to an open wifi network (that is, one that you don't type in a password to initially connect to), almost all of your data is out there floating on the airwaves, ready to be snapped up by any machine nearby.
With financial incentives for unsavoury characters to run packet-sniffing apps, you'd be foolish to think that any free wifi network available to you while travelling is just as safe as your network at home.
Thankfully, setting up a VPN connection on Android is an easy task, but there are still a few considerations that you need to make when doing so, which I will guide you through now.
Before I get ahead of myself, though, I'll quickly walk you through just what a VPN is, and how it protects your privacy online.
Kerala government on Wednesday announced a Rs1/litre diesel and petrol price cut from Friday, scoring a political point against the centre amid record prices. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
New Delhi: State-run oil marketing company (OMC) Indian Oil Corp. Ltd on Thursday cut diesel and petrol prices by 5 paise and 7 paise per litre, respectively, after automobile fuel prices reached a record high on Tuesday.
Thursday's petrol price cut followed Indian Oil's move of reducing petrol and diesel prices by 1 paisa per litre on Wednesday, a move that was mocked by the opposition. The Kerala government on Wednesday announced a Rs1/litre diesel and petrol price cut from Friday, scoring a political point against the centre amid record prices.
Diesel and petrol prices in Delhi on Thursday were Rs69.25 per litre and Rs78.35 per litre respectively at Indian Oil outlets.
Retail prices of petrol and diesel in India track the global prices of these auto fuels, not crude, though they are broadly linked to crude oil price trends, which have firmed up.
With dynamic fuel pricing introduced in June last year, the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has maintained that it has no role in pricing. Petrol prices were deregulated in June 2010 by the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government. The Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led NDA government decontrolled diesel prices in October 2014.
These two days of minor price cuts came after prices were raised daily since 14 May after three state-run OMCs—Indian Oil, Bharat Petroleum Corp. Ltd (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corp. Ltd (HPCL)—refrained from increasing prices since 24 April and paused it while the Karnataka election campaign was going on.
With fuel prices reaching a record high in India, there has been a demand for an excise duty cut on petrol and diesel ahead of 2019 Lok Sabha elections. However, the NDA has signalled its intent to stay the course on fuel pricing reforms and said that it was working toward a “long-term solution”.
The Opposition has been trying to corner the government on the issue.
“Congress party will fight in the Parliament and on the streets until the fuel prices are reduced. Government is liable to bring petroleum products under GST,” R.P.N. Singh, a senior Congress leader and former union minister, told reporters on Wednesday.
The centre is in favour of bringing petroleum products under the new indirect tax regime. At present, petroleum products are included under the goods and services tax (GST), in line with amendments to the Constitution. But GST will start to be levied on petroleum products only once the GST Council—the federal body comprising the Union and state finance ministers—approves the move.
“Another second anniversary gift to the people: the sales tax on petrol reduced by 1.69% and diesel by 1.75% in Kerala. The retail prices to decline by 1 Rupee…Now will PM Modi be willing to roll back his tax hike?” Kerala's finance minister Thomas Isaac tweeted on Wednesday.
The price reduction on Wednesday and Thursday came after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) and Russia agreed to ease crude oil supplies. There has been a rally in oil prices due to a combination of factors, including President Donald Trump pulling the US out of the 2015 nuclear accord with Iran, Opec and Russia cutting supplies, falling production in Venezuela and geopolitical tensions.
EMBED >More News Videos Kevin Hart speaks to media after visiting Meek Mill in prison. Watch his news conference from April 24, 2018.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Pulis has warned West Brom's Chinese owners not to get complacent about avoiding the drop next season.
The eighth-placed Baggies are on course for a mid-table Premier League finish in their first season under new owner Guochuan Lai.
But Baggies boss Pulis wants a big cheque book this summer to guard against potential relegation next term.
A 1-0 home loss to Liverpool means Albion is in danger of finishing the season with a whimper after just one win in seven.
(Photo: Reuters)
(Photo: 2017 Getty Images)
Pulis responded: “The important thing is not Liverpool and that top six, the important thing is being in front of the game, always, with the teams below.
“It's that group of 12 or 13 teams.
“You play every season to finish outside the bottom three of the 13.
“As soon as you start taking your eye off the ball and start thinking something else is going to happen then it can turn around and hurt you. Bigger clubs than West Brom have been relegated.
(Photo: REUTERS)
“We need to be getting better every year and improving the squad.
“We might not finish in a position where you want but we want to get to cup finals and maybe, one day, finish in that position so we can play in Europe. Doing that takes time.
“You're always going to get criticised by a small group of supporters, you have to manage that, but the majority of people understand what we're trying to do and where we're trying to get this football club.”
DETROIT (AP) - Shohei Ohtani was rolling along for five innings against the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday night. However, thanks to two rain delays, that's all the Los Angeles Angels got from their young star.
With Ohtani out of the game, Jose Iglesias' two-run single keyed a five-run sixth inning and the Tigers went on to a 6-1 victory.
Ohtani, starting for the first time since May 20th, allowed one run and three hits in five innings. He walked three and struck out five while throwing 83 pitches, including a 101-mph fastball on his final pitch.
"I was ready to go back out there (after the second delay), but the medical staff said it wasn't a good idea," he said through a translator. "This is my first time experiencing something like this, so I had to listen."
Ohtani gave up a run in the first inning on two walks and a two-out single, and settled down after that.
"It might have been the humidity - I was sweating, so I thought I was ready, but I guess not," he said. "I saw 91 on the board, and I knew something was wrong. I haven't thrown a 91 (mph) fastball since high school."
Detroit's Nicholas Castellanos went 2 for 3 with two doubles against Ohtani, but was still impressed.
"He's got a powerful arm and good stuff," he said. "He was already throwing hard, but he hit 101 to Jeimar (Candelario) in a big spot in the fifth. Not a lot of guys can do that."
Tigers starter Mike Fiers was also knocked out by the second rain delay in the top of the sixth, allowing one run and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to center to put Detroit ahead 3-1. Dixon Machado grounded to short, but Andrelton Simmons' throw to the plate was too late to get JaCoby Jones.
Leonys Martin and Castellanos followed with RBI singles off Jim Johnson to push the lead to 6-1.
"This is a big win for us, because we've won two out of three against a really good team," Castellanos said. "Now we can go for the series win tomorrow."
Iglesias sustained a hip contusion while sliding home, and sat out the final three innings.
"I just banged - I don't think it will be serious," he said.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
Ohtani walked Martin and Victor Martinez in the first before allowing Niko Goodrum's two-out RBI single.
"I don't know if it was rust, I think he was just getting into a rhythm," Angels manager Mike Scioscia said. "He's had some games this year like that, where he's getting a feel for his pitches early on."
The Angels tied it in the third when Albert Pujols' two-out single drove in Mike Trout.
Ohtani, who was throwing 91-mph fastballs in the first inning, hit 98 on his final pitch of the third to retire Victor Martinez on a soft liner to shortstop.
"That's a very talented young man," Tigers manager Ron Gardenhire said. "He was throwing 90, 91 and then he reached back for 98 when he needed it."
The game was delayed for 23 minutes by rain at the end of the fourth inning, but both starters stayed in the game.
Ohtani walked Martin with two out in the fifth and allowed a double to Castellanos before getting Candelario to ground out on a 101-mph fastball.
The game was delayed again by rain in the top of the sixth, this time for 41 minutes. Coleman replaced Fiers to get the last strike of the sixth, and Bedrosian came in for Ohtani.
GOOSE HUNT
A Canada Goose settled into right-center field during the second rain delay, and an attempt to remove it ended in chaos. After the grounds crew set off two firecrackers and another member gave chase, the bird tried to escape, but crashed into an LED board on the façade of the third deck and fell two levels into the stands.
After several moments, a veterinarian who was attending the game wrapped the stunned goose in a blanket and took it to the concourse, where it was released outside the stadium and dashed into nearby bushes.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Angels: Zack Cozart (forearm tightness) was a late scratch from the Angels' lineup. . Scioscia said he would talk to Ohtani Thursday morning to decide on his availability to hit in the series finale.
Tigers: Detroit put LHPs Francisco Liriano (right hamstring strain) and Daniel Stumpf (ulnar nerve irritation) on the 10-day DL before the game. Liriano's move is retroactive to Sunday, Stumpf's to Tuesday. The Tigers recalled RHP Johnny Barbato and LHP Ryan Carpenter from Triple-A Toledo. ... The Tigers sent Greiner to Toledo after the game and selected the contract of INF Ronny Rodriguez.
UP NEXT
Carpenter (0-1) starts for the Tigers on Thursday against Angels LHP Andrew Heaney (2-3) in the finale of the four-game series.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration came into office looking to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law, but the Affordable Care Act survived. Now the administration is on the hook to deliver a smooth ending to sign-up season, with a crush of customers expected this week.
For millions of eligible consumers time runs out on Friday.
Dec. 15 is the last day for procrastinators to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website. Consumer interest has remained brisk, even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half, reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days.
“It's more likely than ever that they're going to run into real volume problems in the last week because that's when everybody is going to show up,” said Tim Jost, a legal analyst who closely follows the workings of the ACA.
Heavy traffic could slow the website, and lead to long hold times at the federal call center. For the vast majority, this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018, or switch from an existing plan. One exception: People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call center. That could make a difference in states such as Texas and Florida.
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year, but it's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA's marketplaces. The markets cater to people who don't have access to a job-based plan, and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year.
In a twist, many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018. Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply, so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay. In many communities, bare-bones “bronze” plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies.
Sign-up season has been free of problems up to now, insurers say. Scheduled early Sunday maintenance shutdowns have not been a disruption.
Nonetheless, administration officials at the Health and Human Services department are saying little about their contingency plans for the final week. That's a contrast from the Obama years.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which also administers the ACA, did say that the deadline hour will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time. That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enroll.
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget, HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible. Examples:
— “Don't forget: Friday, December 15 is the last day to pick a 2018 Marketplace plan.”
— “FINAL DEADLINE: Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage.”
— “Come back to HealthCare.gov to select a plan before the final deadline or risk missing out on 2018 Marketplace coverage.”
During the Obama years, officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application before the final deadline, but were unable to finish. It's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions, or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour. Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enroll.
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake, said Andy Slavitt, who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama.
“It really would not be fair to people, particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year,” Slavitt said.
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov, that's not the case in all parts of the country. Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enroll. In California and New York, for instance, the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31. Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January.
Economist Joe Antos of the business-oriented American Enterprise Institute said the Trump administration has to get it right. Otherwise, it reinforces the Democrats' charge that Trump is bent on sabotaging the health law.
“Everything that goes wrong will be attributed to White House malevolence,” said Antos. “Donald Trump should not be tweeting negative statements this week. If he were to tweet at all, I would suggest: ‘Be sure to check your plan.'”
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Voice fans were left furious this evening as Jennifer Hudson ended up unknowingly rejecting her own backing singer.
Wendi Harriott, 41, appeared on the show tonight in a bid to impress the judges enough to give her a chance on the show.
The singer, who considers Spice Girl Emma Bunton a pal, performed her rendition of the Rolling Stones' Satisfaction.
Wendi has worked with Rod Stewart, The Killers and J-Hud in the past as a backing singer.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
However Jennifer wasn't impressed enough by Wendi's voice to turn around - leaving viewers gobsmacked and angry.
One tweeted: "Well that made me mad That backing singer was amazing! Their loss #TheVoiceUK."
While another commented: "So Jennifer didn't even find out she was her backing singer? I'm fuming hold my bag....#TheVoiceUK."
A third commented: "Jennifers backing singer and she didn't turn .... something ironic about that! #TheVoiceUK."
"She was good enough to be a backing singer for you but not to go it alone. Shame on you @iamjhud #TheVoiceUK," another fumed.
One wrote: "How could they turn for Rhianna and not that backing singer? Convinced they know the ages!"
*The Voice airs Saturdays at 8pm on ITV
ANN ARBOR -- Binge-watching is a great way for young adults to catch up on multiple episodes of their favorite television series like "The Walking Dead" or "Game of Thrones," but it comes at a price.
New research by the University of Michigan and the Leuven School for Mass Communication Research in Belgium found that higher binge-viewing frequency leads to poorer sleep quality, more fatigue and increased insomnia, while regular TV viewing does not.
"Our study signals that binge viewing is prevalent in young adults and that is may be harmful to their sleep," said co-author Jan Van den Bulck, U-M professor of communication studies.
Binge viewing, in which people watch an excessive amount of the same TV program in one sitting, has been on the rise as more American households use streaming services and digital video recorders.
Researchers surveyed 423 adults between the ages of 18 to 25 in February 2016. They were asked about sleep quality, fatigue and insomnia, as well as the frequency of binge watching programs on a TV, laptop or desktop computer for the last month.
Most of the sample (81 percent) reported that they had binge-watched. Of that group, nearly 40 percent did it once during the month preceding the study, while 28 percent said they did it a few times. About 7 percent had binge-viewed almost every day during the preceding month. Men binge-watched less frequently than women, but the viewing session nearly doubled that of women.
Respondents indicated they slept, on average, seven hours and 37 minutes. Those who binge-viewed reported more fatigue and sleep quality compared to those who didn't binge-watch.
Liese Exelmans, a researcher at the Leuven School for Mass Communication Research and the study's lead author, said people might sleep an appropriate amount of time (seven to nine hours for adults), but the quality is not always good.
"These students have flexible daytime schedules," she said. "Chances are they are compensating for lost sleep by sleeping in."
The study showed that increased cognitive arousal prior to sleep (i.e., being mentally alert) is the mechanism explaining the effects of binge viewing on sleep quality.
"Bingeable TV shows have plots that keep the viewer tied to the screen," Exelmans said. "We think they become intensely involved with the content, and may keep thinking about it when they want to go to sleep."
A racing heart, or one that beats irregularly, and being mentally alert can create arousal (or pre-sleep arousal) when a person tries to fall asleep. This can lead to poor sleep quality after binge-viewing.
"This prolongs sleep onset or, in other words, requires a longer period to 'cool down' before going to sleep, thus affecting sleep overall," Exelmans said.
The Researchers note that binge-watching frequently happens unintentionally. People get absorbed into their shows, watch "just one more episode" and fail to go to bed in a timely manner.
"They might not intend on watching a lot, but they end up doing so anyway," Exelmans said.
Sleep insufficiency has been connected to physical and mental health consequences, including reduced memory function and learning ability, obesity, hypertension and cardiovascular disease.
"Basically, sleep is the fuel your body needs to keep functioning properly," Exelmans said. "Based on that research, it's very important to document the risk factors for poor sleep. Our research suggests that binge viewing could be one of this risk factors."
The findings appear in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine.
###
Paying down credit card debt with a high-interest rewards card is like hammering a nail with a screwdriver. Possible? Sure. But it's not the best tool for the job.
With good credit, you could tackle the problem much more efficiently with a different approach: Move your balance to a just-for-debt credit card.
A just-for-debt card is an account you use for only one purpose: to obliterate your outstanding charges. And it's perfect for that job, specifically because of its long introductory 0% balance transfer APR offer and other debt-friendly features. Managed carefully, this could be the card that shrinks your balances to zero fastest, without charging you a penny in interest.
How it works
The trouble with carrying a balance and making new purchases on the same card is twofold: It can cost you plenty in interest charges, and it can make it difficult to see where you stand on both spending and debt payoff goals.
Getting a separate credit card specifically for zapping outstanding balances can solve both these issues.
This just-for-debt credit card strategy can be boiled down to three steps:
Get a just-for-debt card — that is, a credit card with 0% balance transfer APR and other debt-friendly benefits so you can pay down your balances interest-free. (More on that later.)
— that is, a credit card with 0% balance transfer APR and other debt-friendly benefits so you can pay down your balances interest-free. (More on that later.) Transfer your balance to the new card. You'll likely have to pay a fee to move this debt, but your savings on interest could easily make up for that cost.
You'll likely have to pay a fee to move this debt, but your savings on interest could easily make up for that cost. Pay off that debt and don't make new purchases. Use your just-for-debt card solely for paying off debt. Put new purchases on another credit card that you pay off in full every month. Or, if you prefer, use a debit card.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
By carefully managing this account while keeping your spending on other accounts in check, you could save hundreds on interest. Plus, using a card just for paying off balances could make it easier to track progress at a glance.
When you get a monthly bill for a just-for-debt card, “you know that that balance is representative of what you did last month,” says Thomas Nitzsche, a spokesman for the nonprofit credit counseling agency Money Management International. “It's much easier to organize in your head.”
Make the most of it
Here's how you can make your just-for-debt credit card work for you.
Choose the right card. When you're paying off debt, you don't want the card that offers the biggest rewards and largest sign-up bonuses. Instead, you'll want a card that minimizes your costs. A top-notch balance transfer card has:
A long introductory 0% balance transfer APR offer. (Note that a card's balance transfer APR, which is applied to debts moved from other cards, is different from a card's purchase APR.)
A reasonable balance transfer fee or none at all (a typical fee is 3% to 5% of the balance transferred)
No annual fee
Generally, you need good or excellent credit to qualify for these cards. Before applying, note that major issuers also don't allow same-issuer transfers. For example, you can't transfer a Chase balance to another Chase card.
Planning to finance a single large purchase instead of transferring a balance? Look for a card with an introductory 0% purchase APR offer. These are different from deferred interest financing deals.
Read the terms. With some cards, even small slip-ups can be costly. For example, many introductory 0% APR offers can be voided with a single late payment, leaving you with a much higher interest rate for the remainder of the promotion and, often, a late fee. Before using a new card, take note of these potentially expensive pitfalls.
“The customer really has to pay attention to the cards, the terms, the expiration dates [of promotional offers], the due dates and the minimum payment requirements,” says Nessa Feddis, senior vice president for consumer protection and payments at the American Bankers Association, an industry group.
Make a plan. A just-for-debt credit card is “a good budgeting tool,” Feddis says. “But it has to be managed.” That's why it helps to have a debt payoff plan.
To start, calculate how much money you can reasonably afford to put toward debt each month, aiming to pay off your balance within your just-for-debt card's promotional 0% balance transfer APR window, if possible. Then, on the card you're using to make purchases, give yourself an achievable monthly spending budget.
As your situation changes — say, your expenses spike, or your income increases — take a look at your accounts, readjust and keep going.
This article was written by NerdWallet and was originally published by Forbes.
California slowly prepares for adult use sales ... Bureau of Cannabis Control plans emergency rules ... Truffle Man goes brick & mortar ... Remembering Tom Petty and more.
[Click the blue hyperlink headline to read the full story.]
LEGISLATION & REGULATION
Furor ends over dispensary in San Francisco neighborhood // SF Chronicle
“The board's 9-2 vote to withdraw the permit for the ... cannabis club was the dramatic finale to a raucous appeal hearing, at which dozens of mostly older Chinese residents of the Sunset [neighborhood] joined the conservative Pacific Justice Institute to block the dispensary from opening on Noriega Street.” Former Oakland mayor Jean Quan was a proposed partner in the business.
Bureau of Cannabis Control to issue emergency rules // marijuananews.org
“The emergency regulations are expected to be published in November with implementation date for the issuance of commercial cannabis licenses still targeted for January 1, 2018.”
Adult use sales delayed throughout California // KALW
“The San Francisco Board of Supervisors said last week it won't be ready to issue business permits on New Year's Day, and haven't said when that might happen.” The same situation presently exists in nearly every major city in California. [AUDIO]
[SEE UPDATED STORIES BELOW.]
Berkeley passes adult use rules // Goldsberry Facebook post
Debby Goldsberry, an iconic figure in cannabis legalization, has posted this on her Facebook page: “Berkeley! Congrats on passing the law last night [10/3] that allows all 6 dispensaries to serve adult users starting January 1, 2018.” No further details at present.
San Diego ready for adult use sales // LA Times
“San Diego finalized its legalization of marijuana cultivation and manufacturing Tuesday, becoming one of the few cities in California to have a fully regulated supply chain for the drug.”
Massachusetts towns who block cannabiz shouldn't get any of the expected taxes // Merryjane
“The rollout of recreational cannabis sales in Massachusetts has run into a stumbling block as over 100 local municipalities have voted not to allow canna-businesses in their jurisdictions. Cannabis advocacy groups have pointed out that although these municipalities will not be supporting the state's cannabis industry, they will be receiving equal shares of the expected $150 million or more in cannabis sales tax revenue.”
COPS & COURTS
No big changes expected with new DEA chief // ireaadculture.com
“Special Agent Robert W. Patterson has been selected to replace former Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) head Chuck Rosenberg as Acting Administrator. The permanent DEA head successor has not yet been nominated. ... “[Cannabis] industry experts predict that the new DEA chief isn't likely to change the DEA's current policies.”
BUSINESS
New cannabis taxes announced // BCC
“If you sell cannabis or cannabis products, you must register with the California Department of Tax and Fee Administration (CDTFA) for a seller's permit. Cannabis cultivators, processors, manufacturers, retailers, microbusinesses, and distributors making sales are required to obtain and maintain a seller's permit as a prerequisite for applying for a license with the California Department of Food and Agriculture, the California Department of Consumer Affairs, or the California Department of Public Health.”
There's more: check the website.
Target removes CBD hemp oil from web store // Phoenix New Times
“Target's online store stopped selling hemp oil containing cannabidiol, a cannabis extract, [last] Thursday in the wake of concerns by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency about the products.”
Truffle Man: Goodbye Dolores Park, hello dispensary // SF Eater
“After more than ten years operating as an open secret — yes, there's even a Yelp page — Truffle Man is stepping away from the park where he built his following, pausing in-person sales to focus on his new, legal business.”
Fancy cannabis chocolates could be coming to the mall // SF Chronicle
Not sure how to navigate in a cannabis dispensary? It may not be necessary if cannabis chocolate maker Defonce gets approval to open a shop in the Westfield Shopping Centre in San Francisco.
“[E]xperts say [it] would be the first time a major class-A mall has agreed to house a marijuana-based outlet.” The application needs Planning Department approval.
HEALTH
FDA to examine cancer claims // Bloomberg.com
“The U.S. Food and Drug Administration may start cracking down on claims that marijuana has health benefits that haven't been proven, the agency's commissioner said Tuesday. He added, ‘We'll have some answers to this question very soon.'” Anti-tumor claims were specifically mentioned.
EVENT
“Reefer Madness,” the musical // rayoflighttheatre.com
You've seen the movie, now watch the musical. “Inspired by the 1936 propaganda film of the same name, this raucous musical comedy takes a tongue-in-cheek look at the hysteria caused when clean-cut kids fall prey to marijuana.” Saturday is the final performance at San Francisco's Victoria Theatre.
National Cannabis Industry plans fourth annual business conference // NCIA
“The National Cannabis Industry Association (NCIA), the only national trade association representing the businesses of the legal marijuana industry, will hold its 4th annual Cannabis Business Summit® & Expo at the Oakland Marriott City Center in Oakland, CA, June 12-14, 2017.”
IN OTHER NEWS ....
Remembering Tom Petty's stoner songs // The Cannabist
“The frontman for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and member of 1980s powerhouse Traveling Wilburys (along with a solid solo career) also wrote many a song referencing reefer during a music career that spanned more than four decades.” Petty died Monday.
[New content is posted on Fridays.]
Watch top news of the day
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you top news of the day. Watch this video for more information.
Stay in the know in 60 seconds.
May 30, 2018 1 min read
Sheryl Sandberg claps back! The Facebook COO said she "strongly disagrees" with Apple CEO Tim Cook's disses about Facebook's privacy issues, and says she's proud of their business model that lets people use it for free. School is out for summer, but never for Bill Gates. The billionaire tweeted about his favorite online course, Big History Project, which packs 13.8 billion years of history into 6 hours -- for free! Michael Rotondo, the 30-year-old ordered by court to move out of his parents' home, was offered a job with Villa Italian Kitchen. The chain not only offered him a gig, but also a $1,101 bonus, which is one dollar more than his parents' $1,100 offer to get him out. As you might expect, the Twitter-verse has not been kind to this gesture. While they're at it, maybe Villa Italian Kitchen should offer a job to Roseanne? We heard she's available.
Have a great day!
Watch more 3 Things to Know videos: Starbucks Closes Early and Richard Branson Trains to Be an Astronaut
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
The first of the year brings a happy change for stressed or overworked French employees — the right to ignore their inboxes. A new labor law in the country gives workers the "right to disconnect" from their email or smartphones after work hours are over, CNN reports. "These measures are designed to ensure respect for rest periods and ... balance between work and family and personal life," France's Ministry of Labor said in a statement.
The law is considered a major victory for French unions, which have long complained that the digital revolution resulted in an "explosion of undeclared labor" that demands employees continue to work even outside of work day hours.
Some firms are already more than on board with the new policy: Several will even shut their email systems down overnight to prevent anyone from sneaking in that last email of the day. Jeva Lange
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will address the media on Friday ahead of the Reds' Premier League clash against Tottenham at Anfield on Sunday.
It represents one of the biggest games of the season so far for both sides with Spurs currently in fifth, two points behind third-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four.
Klopp will also be probed on the club's quiet transfer deadline day as they opted not to splash the cash to replace Philippe Coutinho.
January signing Virgil van Dijk was included only as a substitute in midweek and Klopp will be asked if the Dutchman will return to the heart of the defence against Tottenham.
You can see what the German has to say LIVE right here.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jesse Lingard has accepted a bet on Twitter after helping England to the World Cup quarter-finals.
Gareth Southgate's squad have a glorious chance of going all the way to the final of the competition after defeating Colombia on penalties to set up a clash with Sweden.
Lingard took to Twitter after the victory, in which he played the entire 90 minutes, before being proposition by a supporter, report the Manchester Evening News.
One United fan tweeted him: "Right, if you score against Sweden I'll get your celebration added to my current sleeve. Deal?"
And Lingard replied to the fan by saying: "You've got yourself a deal."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Lingard scored a spectacular goal against Panama in the 6-1 win in England's second group game but has yet to find the net for the second time in the tournament.
And should he score against Sweden in the quarter-final game against Sweden on Saturday one fan will get his trademarked 'JLingz' celebration tattooed on his arm.
The United attacker is known for his different dance moves when celebrating and performed a move made famous by video game Fortnite when he scored against Panama.
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
But his trademark celebration is his 'JLingz' move where he puts his hands in front of his face and spells out his initials which he trademarked before heading out to Russia for the tournament.
The 25-year-old filed for the trademark with the UK Intellectual Property Office so he can use the logo on clothing and footwear and he shared a picture as the tournament was about to begin which shows he has already put the logo on his boots.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With its breathtaking landscapes, vibrant culture and world-famous eclectic nightlife, it's no surprise that Thailand continues to be a firm favourite with holidaymakers looking for a sunny escape.
And there's no better place to soak up the rays than on one of the country's picture-perfect beaches, renowned for their pristine white sand and crystalline blue waters.
Thailand is home to over 2,000 miles of coastline and 8,000 tropical islands, so you'll be spoiled for choice whether you're after somewhere remote and peaceful, or looking for bustling beaches with plenty of bars and sports on offer.
You could even end up snoozing in a cosy cabana after a day of swimming with whale sharks, if you're lucky.
To give you a helping hand, we've rounded up the best beaches in Thailand - perfect travel inspiration for your next tropical escape!
Need more inspiration? Check out our Luxury Holidays page for an unforgettable getaway...
(Image: Lonely Planet Images)
Patong Beach has long been drawing in revellers thanks to the bustling bars and cafés that line its sandy shores.
Spend the day lazing on the picture-perfect sands by the calm crystalline waters, then at night head out to make the most of the beach resort town's world-famous nightlife.
(Image: Robert Harding World Imagery)
Quieter than the island's popular Chaweng resort, this picturesque beach is home to plenty of luxury accommodation, spas, and beautiful landmarks.
Because it offers a bit more of a serene setting compared to other Thai beaches, it's often tipped as a romantic hotspot for honeymooners looking to take in the breathtaking scenery.
(Image: LightRocket)
this breathtaking bay is a hit with visitors looking to take in the best of Phuket's landscapes thanks to the luscious green backdrop, pristine white sands and turquoise waters.
It's a stone's throw away from busier resorts but offers a bit of a quieter haven for those who do want that idyllic beach break.
(Image: Rex Features)
A firm favourite with tourists, Railay Beach's craggy limestone cliffs are a hit with those seeking adventure.
You can go rock climbing on the striking facades or take a tour of the jaw-dropping caves nestled amongst the rocks, while sun-seekers can relax on beach's white sand and take in the picturesque views.
(Image: Rex Features)
Having earned its names thanks to the beautiful sunsets you can watch from the edge of the water, it's not surprising that this beach is hailed as a seriously romantic setting.
Enjoy a leisurely beach stroll, take in the sunset views, and then head to one of the nearby seafood restaurants for some delectable local dishes - a date night like unlike any other!
(Image: Rex Features)
Looking like something out of paradise, this beach offers just a taste of the spectacular scenery that's made Thailand such a hit with tourists.
Look out for the pretty pastel-hued bungalows in the Andaman Beach Resort that are dotted along the shore line and provide a picture-perfect backdrop for Instagram.
You'll need to be a guest at the resort if you want to make the most of the beach as it's private, but it definitely makes for an idyllic haven away from the crowds.
(Image: Getty)
By day, this beach and its tranquil surroundings are perfect for soaking up the rays, enjoying a spot of snorkelling amidst the tropical fish and colourful corals, or relaxing by the turquoise waters.
By night, the beach comes to life with the help of party-goers and clubbers alike who flock to the shore to make the most of the world-famous Thai nightlife.
Oh, and if you can, try and watch one of the blissful sunsets, hailed as one of the best views in all of Thailand.
(Image: Getty)
Having earned star status as the location for Leonardo DiCaprio's 2000 film, 'The Beach', Maya Bay has captured the imagination of tourists ever since.
Expect white sand, a breathtaking azure-hued sea, palm trees and jaw-dropping steep limestone hills.
Its cult status does mean that it's often jam-packed with tourists - but join them and you could find it difficult to tear yourself away from this tropical paradise.
(Image: Getty)
Tucked away amidst the lusciously green landscape sits this small beach - and it's often hailed as one of Koh Kood's most tranquil areas, mainly as it's virtually undeveloped for tourism.
With crystal clear waters, fine sand and a rocky coastline, it's difficult not to be floored by the beach's beauty.
It's also very secluded: the island itself can only be reached after having crossed the Kluai Cape, so it's ideal for those looking to switch off for a few days.
(Image: Getty)
If you're visiting Thailand with kids, Long Beach is a destination not to miss.
There are plenty of activities and games on offer from football to beach volleyball or even kayaking, not to mention the waters are safe and child-friendly, so the whole family can enjoy the surroundings.
Plus, with its golden sands that stretch five kilometres, there are plenty of restaurants, bars and facilities that are family-friendly.
× Bradford County Teen Sentenced After Abandoning Her Baby
NEW YORK — A teen from Bradford County who put her baby in a plastic bag and left her outside is headed to prison.
Harriette Hoyt, who was 17 when she was charged, must serve nine years in prison.
Police say Hoyt put her eight-month-old daughter in a bag and left the baby outside a home in Elmira last year.
Neighbors found the baby three days later.
A psychologist who examined Hoyt diagnosed with postpartum depression.
The baby survived.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Heart attacks and broken hips cause much suffering and worry as people grow older. This year, Medicare wants to start changing how it pays for treatment of these life-threatening conditions, to promote quality and contain costs. Beneficiaries and family members may notice a new approach.
Hospitals and doctors in dozens of communities selected for large-scale experiments on this front are already gearing up. The goal is to test the notion that better coordination among clinicians, hospitals, and rehab centers can head off complications, prevent avoidable hospital re-admissions and help patients achieve more stable and enduring recoveries. If results back that up, Medicare can adopt the changes nationwide.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments are the latest development in a big push under the Obama administration to reinvent Medicare, steering the program away from paying piecemeal for services, regardless of quality and cost. It's unclear whether Donald Trump as president will continue the pace of change, slow down or even hit pause.
Trump's Health and Human Services nominee, orthopedic-surgeon-turned-congressman Tom Price, has expressed general concern that the doctor-patient relationship could be harmed by Medicare payment changes seeking to contain costs. And the Medicare division that designed the experiments — the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation — is itself under threat of being abolished because it was created by President Barack Obama's 2010 health care law.
Advertisement
Some outside groups, including AARP, worry that Medicare may be moving too fast and that focusing on cost containment could lead to beneficiaries being shortchanged on rehab care.
Innovation center director Patrick Conway, who also serves as Medicare's chief medical officer, is plowing ahead nonetheless. “Delivery system reform and paying for better care are bipartisan issues,” Conway said. And quality ranks ahead of cost savings in evaluating any results, he added.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments focus on traditional Medicare, which remains the choice of nearly 7 in 10 out of Medicare's 57 million beneficiaries. The cardiac experiment involves both heart bypass and heart attack patients. The trials join similar ongoing tests involving surgery for hip and knee replacement, as well as care for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
In the experiments, doctors, hospitals, and rehab centers get paid the regular Medicare rates. But hospitals are given responsibility for overall quality and cost, measured against benchmarks set by Medicare. If the hospital meets or exceeds the goals, it earns a financial bonus, which can be shared with other service providers. If the hospital falls short, it may have to pay the government money.
“Now your doctor and hospital are working together to make sure they are well coordinated,” said Conway.
Under the old system, if a patient was discharged from the hospital after a heart attack, “they might hand you a piece of paper that said please follow up with your primary care doctor,” Conway continued. “In this model, the hospital is going to have a strong incentive to make sure you follow up.”
Overall, about 168,000 Medicare beneficiaries are treated for heart attacks in a given year, while 48,000 undergo heart bypass surgery for clogged arteries and 109,000 have surgery for broken hips.
Around the country, hospitals in 98 metro areas will be involved in the cardiac experiment. The hip surgery experiment involves 67 areas that are also part of Medicare's ongoing test with hip and knee replacements.
Areas in the cardiac test include Boston, as well as Akron, Ohio; Charleston, South Carolina; Fort Collins, Colorado; Utica, New York; and Yuma, Arizona. A smaller group of communities will be involved in a related experiment that pays hospitals for coordinating rehab care for heart patients. Although the benefits of cardiac rehab are widely recognized, only a small share of patients receives it.
The hip fracture test includes the Miami, New York, and Los Angeles metro areas, as well as Austin, Texas; Bismarck, North Dakota; Flint, Michigan, and New Orleans.
Hospitals are not happy with the changes, though doctors have generally been supportive. A big concern for hospitals is that Medicare requires mandatory participation by all the facilities in areas selected for these tests. But Conway says that's likely to lead to even better results. The idea is that hospitals will watch each other's performance closely, and the ones that have room to improve will try to catch the high achievers.
____
Online:
Metro areas involved in Medicare's experiments — http://tinyurl.com/jzfyo5l
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Carl Winchester will leave Cheltenham Town to join Gloucestershire rivals Forest Green Rovers on Thursday.
The 25-year-old midfielder has agreed a two-year deal with the Nailsworth side.
On the eve of his move being confirmed, he had this message for the club he is leaving after 18 months.
Speaking exclusively to GloucestershireLive, he said: "I'd like to thank everyone for what they've done for me at Cheltenham Town.
"I had a brilliant time there, thoroughly enjoyed it and met some brilliant people.
"I have nothing bad to say about the place.
"I'd like to thank all the fans, staff and players for believing in me and making me captain.
"It's a real family club and I wish them all the best in the future."
Winchester joined Cheltenham from Oldham Athletic on an 18 month deal in January 2017.
The Northern Irishman started 44 of their 46 League Two matches in his only full campaign at Whaddon Road, scoring five goals.
A partially blind and deaf dog became a 3-year-old girl's hero and protector when she got lost in the woods in Australia.The toddler, Aurora Kyle, wandered away with her dog over the weekend.Reports state that she spent 15 hours in the woods without food and water, but the dog, a blue heeler named Max, stayed by her side the entire time."I held him and we slept together. I had a good sleep with Max," Aurora told her grandmother.Aurora and Max were found after the 3-year-old responded to shouts from her grandmother."When I heard her yell 'Grammy' I knew it was her," Leisa Marie Bennett, Aurora's grandmother, told Australian news service ABC. "I shot up the mountain -- and when I got to the top, the dog came to me and led me straight to her."Queensland Police Service took to Facebook to declare Max as an honorary police dog for keeping his tiny human safe, and for being such a good boy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
North Korean despot Kim Jong-un has been briefed on his military's plan for missile strikes near the US territory of Guam.
Pyongyang's state media said the rogue nation's leader "examined the plan for a long time" after his army chiefs handed him a proposal.
North Korea said last week that it would finalise by mid-August its detailed plan to fire four intermediate-range ballistic missiles up to 18 miles off Guam's coast.
The country's army is now awaiting Kim's approval.
(Image: @StratSentinel/Twitter)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: AFP)
It is the first time Kim Jong-Un has been seen in public for several weeks.
His absence had prompted speculation that he was preparing for a possible nuclear conflict by hiding out in a bunker.
Guam, a Pacific island which is home to two US military bases, strategic bombers and about 163,000 people, is more than 1,800 miles from North Korea.
(Image: @StratSentinel/Twitter)
(Image: @StratSentinel/Twitter)
The plan is the latest provocation in a back-and-forth with Washington, which came to a head last week when President Donald Trump appeared to threaten nuclear war on the pariah state.
"North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States," said the US leader.
"They will be met with fire, fury and frankly power the likes of which this world has never seen before.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The sudden escalation in tensions came after US intelligence analysts had assessed North Korea had produced a miniaturised nuclear warhead.
Such a development would mean Kim is a step closer to having the capability of striking the US with a nuclear-tipped missile.
There is no indication that their Hwasong-12 missiles mentioned in the Guam plan would be tipped with nuclear warheads.
The TSX is gaining as Wall Street takes a break across the border for Independence Day.
Cannabis is the winner as the health sector is boosting the Toronto exchange up 38 points to 16,301.
But, experts say investor sentiment is subdued today as the US prepares to hit China with over $34 billion in trade tariffs on Friday. The Chinese are prepared to retaliate against the trade attack as well. President Trump may also slap the EU with a 20 per cent tariff on auto trade when he returns from his July 4th holiday.
Crude prices are steady following a rally that took US crude to 75 dollars, a milestone for the price. US crude is currently at 73.81 a barrel.
The Loonie is flat at 76 cents US.
Enbridge is cutting more fat as the company looks to lower its debt. Just over $4 billion worth of natural gas facilities in Albert and BC are part of the proposed selloff. The deal still needs to be approved by provincial officials and the feds.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
China has appeared to beat the US to the punch when it comes to arming a warship with an electromagnetic railgun .
The futuristic weapon can fling shells across the water at an astonishing 6,710mph.
Pictures leaked onto social media show the Chinese warship with what looks like a railgun strapped to the front. Experts believe this is the case because the weapon is much larger than the usual 37mm point defence cannon mounted on the front.
In the pictures, the Haiyang Shan warship is shown near the Wuchang Shipyard in eastern China. If the country has developed a working prototype, it would be the first nation to have done so.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
The US and Russia are both developing their own railguns, which fires projectiles along electrically charged rails in order to increase their speed and range.
Magnetic fields created by high electrical currents accelerate a sliding metal conductor, or armature, between the two rails to launch the slug.
Using its extreme speed on impact, the kinetic energy warhead eliminates the hazards of high explosives being kept on the ship, and on land, reduces the chance of unexploded bombs which could potentially be detonated.
(Image: Twitter)
In these pictures, large containers can be seen on the vessel - believed to be containing battery packs that would power the gun.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A police dog has been killed by a man with an axe as police attempted to disarm him as he reportedly screamed 'Allahu Akbar'.
The axeman was shot to the floor and was rushed to hospital in a critical condition with wounds to his stomach and legs, following the altercation in Schiedam, Holland.
Police had been called to a disturbance at a house, where the 26-year-old Syrian man lived with his father.
Despite negotiators trying to calm him down, and his father speaking to him over the phone, officers were unable to resolve the issue.
Armed officers and the police dog stormed the home and attempted to Taser him.
The man is reported to have lashed out and hit the canine with the axe.
The injured dog later died of his wounds.
The officers then shot the man to the floor, from where he was quickly scooped up and taken to hospital by ambulance.
According to Dutch news website Nederlandse Omroep Stichting the man underwent emergency surgery and is now in a stable condition.
A spokeswoman for the police said that the man's background is being checked.
She said: "We are now going to look into our system what we know about this man."
The municipality of Schiedam said that the man was known to various aid agencies.
Mayor Cor Lamers added: "However, this is an escalation that we have not seen coming in."
Although the BBC Newsnight team officially announced the cap that made the UK's labourite Jeremy Corbyn look like Lenin had not been specially edited, the effect of the hilarious, from netizens' point of view, picture was there all the same, prompting a slew of memes on Twitter.
Twitter users seem to have had a really good laugh following the post. Here are some of the memes that have gone viral:
Attn: Owen Jones.
I am 99% certain Corbyn's hat is NOT Photoshopped in this one mate. Are you happy now? What's with you and hats anyway? I thought Korbinski wanted to be a Russian diplomat, so he will be proud of this? pic.twitter.com/Bkng4csa7R — The Core (@SocialM85897394) 18 марта 2018 г.
This is a genuine photo….I took it myself pic.twitter.com/OXP6iwW6um — Marco Berghanz (@MBerghanz) 18 марта 2018 г.
Some Twitter users even managed to see some anti-Corbyn bias on the BBC's Newsnight production:
The BBC is getting worse. Not content with adding a Lenin cap to Corbyn's head they've also photoshopped in lifelong pro-Russian Stalin fan Seumas Milne & made it look like he's an important figure in Jez's team. pic.twitter.com/nSMamxBQL6 — David Ross (@RossFootball) 19 марта 2018 г.
How dare #Newsnight photoshop a Russian hat on Corbyn to make him look like a Commie? When has he ever wore a Russian hat? pic.twitter.com/AHeX3hVnSl — Daily Referendum (@Daily_Ref) 17 марта 2018 г.
Others wonder why Russians have issued donations to the Conservatives instead of injecting money into "Russian stooge" Corbyn:
If Corbyn is such a Russian stooge, how come the Russian oligarchs give all their money to the Conservatives?
~Andrew Neil — Joseph Dickerson (@joekaren46) 19 марта 2018 г.
BBC staffers officially denied photo shopping the cap, but the pendulum had already been set in motion. BuzzFeed has even launched an experiment, grabbing a similar looking cap at Topshop and trying it on a number of people.
They were then asked one and the same question: "What do you think, does the accessory make you look more Russian?" Reactions differed, but netizens increasingly suggested making a similar shot against the backdrop of the Kremlin, just to stand a better chance of looking Russian.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The first thing to say is that it could have been a lot worse.
In Barranquilla, some 3,300 miles north of Buenos Aires, Paraguay were doing their neighbours a solid, dramatically coming from behind to beat Colombia – a result that squished the South American qualifying group together like a wheezing accordion.
On another day, that news might have raised a few smiles at La Bombonera, but not on this occasion. No Argentina fan was really in the mood for cheer of any kind after sitting though 90 more minutes of spectacular drudgery that left their team clinging to the precipice of Russia 2018 by their finger nails.
Beat Peru at home: it doesn't sound like the toughest task in the world, even allowing for the minnows' resurgence over the last year. Yet this is an Argentina side ("team" might be pushing it) utterly bereft of both confidence and ideas, sleep-walking its way to damnation.
The Albiceleste haven't failed to qualify for a World Cup since 1970, but on last night's evidence history is keen on repeating itself.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
The possession and shot stats might suggest they were dominant, but the eyes told a different story. Deprived of Sergio Agüero, Paulo Dybala, Mauro Icardi and Gonzalo Higuaín by a combination of injuries, managerial preferences and, in the case of the Juventus striker, straight-up lunacy, Argentina were toothless.
Ángel Di Maria hid out on the wing and was hauled off at the break. Darío Benedetto, the hometown hero surprisingly chosen to lead the line, wasted two chances and did nothing else. Alejandro Gómez's only contribution was a rolling, double-pike dive that would have put Tom Daley to shame.
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
And shame was the primary emotion here: Argentina have now taken 73 shots since they last scored a qualifying goal. "Time to pray," read the front page of Diario Uno this morning.
Only Lionel Messi looked likely to pierce the massed ranks of the Peruvian defence, but his performance elicited more sighs of sympathy than cries of delight. The Barcelona star was bright, incisive and menacing. He was also playing in defensive midfield for the most part, forced ever deeper by the lack of service coming from behind.
Faced with such misery, you'd forgive him for retiring from international football all over again.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Jorge Sampaoli doesn't deserve all of the blame for this, but that's not going to stop him copping a shedload. At the very least, there will scrutiny over his substitutions: how, when Argentina so desperately needed a goal, did the game end with both Dybala and Icardi sitting on the bench?
The injury to Fernando Gago was unfortunate, sure, but Sampaoli could have reacted by throwing caution to the wind, which might at least have sparked the crowd into life. Instead, on came Enzo Pérez to play with the two-cap Benedetto and debutant Emiliano Rigoni. Inspiring stuff.
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
As the dust settles, one thing is at least clear: the Argentina players should give this morning's papers a swerve. "Nothing gets better; everything gets worse," seethed Claudio Mauri in La Nación. "There's no stadium, opponent or formation that suits them. The alarm bells aren't just sounding: they're deafening. If you're looking for happiness, find another team."
Olé's Diego Macias was similarly sombre: "Messi didn't save us, Benedetto didn't save us and nor did La Bombonera. No one could. There was a lack of rhythm, a lack of surprises, a lack of killer instinct when the time came to step in the penalty area. We are paying the price for a waterfall of errors during this qualifying campaign."
And yet somehow, even down in sixth, even below the play-off place, even with a pathetic 16 goals scored in 17 games, Argentina are not yet dead. Because of Paraguay, because of the underwhelming quality elsewhere in the group, or because someone, somewhere is watching over them.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty)
The permutations are every bit as suffocating as the altitude of Quito will be, but their fate remains in their own hands.
A win against Ecuador would guarantee them at least the play-off spot – maybe more if other results fall their way. They could even make the automatic places with a draw and, in a true cat's cradle of of mathematics, the play-off with a defeat.
We're into lottery-win territory at that stage, of course, but beggars cannot be choosers.
Argentina is lucky enough just to have a ticket.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Warmup jerseys to mark Chinese year of the dog at Feb. 17 game vs. Boston
If you want to get your hands on the Vancouver Canucks' Chinese New Year jerseys, they'll be up for auction at the Feb. 17 game against the Boston Bruins at Rogers Arena.
The red warm-up Adidas jerseys, which celebrate 2018 as the year of the dog in the Chinese tradition, were developed by Charlie Chien, a Vancouver native and China-based designer.
They'll be available on a first-come, first-serve basis in the Canucks team store or via auction at kiosks in Rogers Arena and vanbase.ca. It's unknown how many will be up for grabs.
Before the puck drop, Larry “King” Kwong, the first player of Asian descent to play in the NHL, will be honoured with a video tribute. His daughter, Kristina, will attend on his behalf.
The Vernon man jumpstarted his hockey career with the Vernon Hydrophones, before moving up to the Trail Smoke Eaters when he was 18 years old.
On March 13, 1948, Kwong recorded his first and only game in the NHL with the New York Rangers, playing against Maurice Richard and the Montreal Canadians in Montreal.
All sorts of other activities will be on hand at Rogers Arena ahead of the game, including lion and dragon dancers, a Kung Fu demonstration and a lucky puck hunt set to take place at 5 p.m.
Sections 101 and 103 will feature custom fortune cookies, a dog-colouring contest and red envelope giveaways.
As for the food, the concourse and premium areas will offer dishes such as pot stickers, crispy pork belly on rice, and pork bao.
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A banking company has announced it will relocate to downtown Hartford.
The Courant reports that United Bank will move its headquarters and administrative offices from Glastonbury and South Windsor to Hartford. The financial institution will relocate some 200 employees to the Goodwin Square office tower.
Representatives from United Financial Bancorp Inc., United Bank's parent company, cite the city's emerging business district and the potential to woo new clients as motives for the move. They also say Hartford's recent revitalization program will help the company.
Terms of United Bank's lease with the owners of Goodwin Square were not available. The company plans to move in the fall.
___
Information from: Hartford Courant, http://www.courant.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
iStock
I am 30 years old and my spouse is 28 years old. Both of us work in public sector banks. Our combined gross monthly income is Rs1.20 lakh and we have no dependants. We have term insurance of Rs1 crore each and a health cover of Rs13 lakh. We save 60% of our gross income and invest in National Pension System (NPS), systematic investment plans (SIPs) and recurring deposits (RDs). We want to buy a flat worth Rs60 lakh for investment purpose. We will get a Rs50 lakh bank loan at simple interest of 7.10%. We will get a rental income of Rs14,000. Please advise.
—Ankit Ahuja
You have been doing good financial planning and ticking the right boxes. You have adequately life cover for yourself and your spouse as both of you have a cover that is seven times your annual income. Likewise, you also have health insurance cover. But consider increasing the health cover every few years as the inflation cost of medical care in India is rising rapidly. The same also holds true for life cover and the rationale here would be as and when your financial responsibility increases.
For investments, you have a good spread of NPS, SIPs and RDs. Now you also want to consider real estate as an investment asset class. Like any other investment product, you need to be aware of the risk associated with the asset class and the expected return. As you also plan to take a loan for more than 80% of the value of the asset, you need to be aware that the targeted return should be equal to 7.10% to break even (with the cost of borrowing) and you need to earn over and above the borrowing cost to generate a net positive return. And yes, you can include the rentals; the yield on the same is 2.8% before taxation. Hence, if real estate grows by 14% annually, your net return is actually equal to a bank FD return. And this is when other costs like registration, broker fees and other miscellaneous costs are not included.
I am in the first year of my college and earn close to Rs25,000 every month through freelancing. I already have about Rs2 lakh saved in my account. I will start working in 2020 and save all my salary. I wish to go abroad for my Masters in 2024 and want to sponsor it myself. My estimate is that I will have close to Rs28 lakh without investing anywhere. I wish to raise Rs45 lakh by 2024-25. Please suggest a roadmap for the same.
—Avinash Chand
It is indeed good to hear your dedication towards saving for your higher education corpus. Firstly, the Rs2 lakh you have saved needs to be invested. Do keep a buffer of Rs50,000 equal to two months of your current income as funds available at call, i.e., as a contingency fund, and this can be kept even in a bank fixed deposit or in a short-term debt mutual fund. The balance amount of Rs1.50 lakh can be invested in the equity asset class as you have an investment horizon of about six years.
Consider a combination of large-cap and multi-cap funds. The said investment can be done in a staggered manner via systematic transfer plan, i.e., the funds are first invested in a debt ultra short-term fund from where a fixed amount is transferred to the designated equity fund at a fixed periodic interval of, say, 7 days, 15 days or 30 days. Doing so helps in enabling rupee cost averaging and helps in reducing overall volatility.
A similar pattern can be used for your monthly savings, which can be invested not only in large- and multi-cap funds but also in mid-cap funds via SIP.
Surya Bhatia is managing partner of Asset Managers
Queries and views at mintmoney@livemint.com
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
LONDON May 2 Shire, the pharma group that bought haemophilia specialist Baxalta last year, reported a better-than-expected 14 percent rise in first-quarter earnings, helped by higher sales of rare disease drugs and demand for its new dry eye medicine.
The London-listed firm reported non-GAAP diluted earnings per ADS of $3.63, beating analyst forecasts of $3.27, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Product sales, which were boosted by the Baxalta deal, rose 110 percent to $3.4 billion.
The company reiterated its full-year forecast given in February for product sales to rise to $14.5-14.8 billion this year and earnings per share to increase to $14.60-$15.20.
(Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton)
Best men and women's tech-inspired Christmas gift ideas for gadget lovers
Christmas is finally here, but if you haven't finished your shopping yet - or even started it - don't panic! There's still just enough time to find the perfect gift.
From the Amazon Echo Plus to the Microsoft Xbox One X, 2017 has been a great year for new technology, meaning there are loads of options for the gadget lovers in your life.
To give you some inspiration, we've pulled together a list of some of the most exciting and innovative gadgets and tech-inspired gifts, along with information on where to buy them.
A U.S. Marine with the Provost Marshal's Office posts security while another Marine clears a room during active-shooter training at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 13, 2017. With assistance from the special reaction team, the Marines sharpened their skills by practicing proper room clearing techniques and how to correctly secure a building. Marines practiced the procedures in small groups prior to conducting a simulated active-shooter situation. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:19 Photo ID: 3165387 VIRIN: 170213-M-RP664-0083 Resolution: 5084x3389 Size: 7.43 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Provost Marshal's Office active shooter training [Image 1 of 6], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This shocking footage captures a savage pit bull attack on a packed subway train in New York.
Video posted on Instagram shows the crazed animal with its jaws locked on a young woman's foot.
Passengers can be heard screaming as the owner, a man in a blue jacket, struggles to pull the animal away.
A woman screamed "Get the dog off of her!" while another man shouted "call the police!"
Another passenger calmly helps the victim, untying her shoe laces so it can be removed.
The animal continues to shake the foot from side to side with the owner powerless to pull it off.
(Image: Instagram/subwaycreatures)
(Image: Instagram/subwaycreatures)
Eventually, the shoe comes loose and the owner manages to grab it and throw it back to the victim as he pulls the dog into a carrying cage.
A transit spokesperson told the New York Post the incident has been referred to police.
"Our rules require non-service animals to be kept inside containers and not disturbing other passengers,” said MTA spokesman Shams Tarek.
"What's happening in this video is disturbing and a clear violation of our rules.
"We flagged this video for NYPD, which is responsible for enforcing Transit rules."
—Photo Source: NBC News
MOSCOW: President Vladimir Putin on Monday ordered Russian forces in Syria to start withdrawing, saying that after a two year military campaign, Moscow and Damascus had achieved their mission of destroying Islamic State.
Putin made the announcement during a surprise visit to Russia's Hmeymim air base in Syria's Latakia Province where he held talks with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian military servicemen.
Russia first launched air strikes in Syria in September 2015 in its biggest Middle East intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in Assad's favor while dramatically increasing Moscow's own influence in the Middle East.
Putin on Monday gave the order for Russian forces to start withdrawing to their permanent bases in Russia, the Kremlin said on its website.
“The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part, been solved and solved spectacularly,” Putin said, in remarks broadcast on Russian television.
“I congratulate you!,” Putin told Russian servicemen gathered at the base.
He was also quoted as saying that Russia would keep the Hmeymim air base as well as a naval facility at the Syrian port of Tartous. —Reuters
Have you ever fancied a job driving trains around all day? Well, here's your chance.
East Midlands Trains have announced they have started recruiting for their Trainee Depot Drivers 2018 programme and have offered a starting salary of £26,391.
The company is looking to take on trainee drivers to work at its two depots in the East Midlands.
Candidates will either be working at the Nottingham or Derby depot and could end up earning over £35,000 after training.
The company said that candidates will be responsible for moving trains around the depots, depot driving, shunting, light maintenance, fault finding and reporting.
However, they have stated that candidates could progress to driving mainline trains in the future.
An East Midlands Trains spokesperson said: "We welcome candidates from all backgrounds. Women, younger people and ethnic minority groups are currently under-represented within our Depot Driver population and are encouraged to apply as we value diversity and are committed to ensuring equality across our organisation.
"This is an exciting and challenging opportunity to begin a fulfilling career with East Midlands Trains.
"The successful candidates will need to be of excellent calibre due the high levels of responsibility in this safety critical role.
"Excellent communication skills are an essential attribute for Depot Drivers to ensure a safe and efficient working environment. You will also need to be flexible, resilient, an excellent team player and have the ability to follow set rules and procedures."
Candidates must be 21 or over to apply and will undergo four stages of testing as part of the recruitment.
The closing date for applications is Friday, October 13 and to apply, click here.
Existing investors of SBI Magnum Equity ESG Fund should switch to the fund house's more successful SBI Bluechip Fund. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
SBI Funds Management Ltd, India's fifth largest fund house, has acquired a conscience, or so it wants us to believe. Effective 16 May, one of its diversified equity schemes, as the fund house puts it, is investing responsibly. SBI Magnum Equity Fund will be known as SBI Magnum Equity ESG (environment, social and governance) Fund, and will be the only fund in the Indian mutual funds industry to invest in companies that follow the ESG criteria. So what makes it unique?
Conscientious Investing...
A fund manager typically picks up a company based on fundamentals, profit and loss, revenue sustainability, management's quality and so on.
Some schemes want to look beyond: does the company practice gender equality? does its manufacturing process damage the environment? Such schemes want companies to be ethical, responsible and to contribute to society not just by manufacturing products and making profits.
“We are committed towards the ESG principle of investing. Although just SBI Magnum Equity ESG fund will follow the principle, we rate all companies we track, on their ESG performance. We have been doing this for the past five years,” said Navneet Munot, executive director and chief investment officer, SBI Funds Management Co. Ltd.
Although new to India, the ESG concept is popular abroad. As per Morningstar Inc., assets under management of ESG-focused funds went up to $6 trillion by 2014-end, up from $3.7 trillion in 2012. Passively-managed funds like exchange-traded funds (ETF) also track this space and invest in indices that consist of companies that follow the ESG principle. At the end of April 2018, there were 150 ESG-focused ETFs with assets of over $18.6 billion, up from 59 such ETFs in 2015 with assets of $5.92 billion, according to etfgi.com, a UK-based research and consultancy firm specialising in ETFs.
Jon Hale, director-sustainability research, Morningstar, insists that ESG is not hokus-pokus. He said, “The main thrust of ESG analysis is that it alerts investors to issues that may not yet be recognised by traditional analysts as material to a company's value.”
Munot said SBI Magnum ESG won't pick liquor and tobacco companies, and will also avoid companies that are in the defence and mining space.
…or just a gimmick?
SBI Funds may have all the right intentions, but it is a long road ahead.
In April 2007, ABN AMRO mutual fund (now, BNP Paribas Asset Management India Ltd) launched India's first socially responsible investing (SRI) fund called ABN AMRO Sustainable Development Fund. The 3-year closed-end scheme collected just around Rs58 crore (as per Value Research). After its tenure got over in April 2010, it converted into an open-ended fund, but didn't find too many takers and was eventually merged into ABN AMRO Equity Fund in August 2011. The fund house didn't launch a similar scheme.
For its SRI fund, the fund house had tied up with Crisil Ltd that had devised a methodology to identify companies with a high SRI score by sending detailed questions to companies. Nikhil Johri, who headed ABN AMRO mutual fund in those days told us that here's where the scheme faulted as not many companies participated in the exercise.
This is also why Shyam Sekhar, chief ideator and founder, iThought, said it's premature to launch such schemes in India. “I don't think Indian fund houses are ready to do this yet. Their ability to take feedback from stakeholders on these issues has never been adequately demonstrated. They have shown little or no initiatives in fulfilling fiduciary shareholder responsibility,” he said.
Also, an ESG fund may not want to invest in a firm just because it works in a so-called socially acceptable sector. InGovern Research Services Pvt. Ltd, a proxy advisory firm recently did a study on the ESG standards of consumer goods where it rated a total of 16 companies, including Nestle India Ltd, Godrej Consumer Products Ltd, Emami Ltd, and Britannia Industries Ltd.
While 14% of these companies got a “high scoring”, 36% got a “below average” score and 14% got a “low” score. InGovern is yet to publish this report but shared it exclusively with Mint.
What should you do?
Some experts are hopeful that SBI Magnum Equity ESG Fund will pave the way for others. “Unless a fund house starts such a scheme, talks about it and educates and sensitised investors, how will this market grow?”said Amit Tandon, founder and managing director, Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IiAS), a proxy advisory firm.
Johri, chief investment officer of Trivantage Capital Management India Ltd, a Sebi-registered portfolio management firm that he founded, remains sceptic. “Somehow, investors think that if they involve ESG concept in investments, their returns would be compromised.”
Existing investors of SBI Magnum Equity ESG Fund should switch to the fund house's more successful large-cap fund, SBI Bluechip Fund since a diversified fund is what they had asked for. Those who wish to get a taste of ESG concept can stay invested. Remember, it's a thematic fund and should not be part of your core portfolio.
ShriramSubramanian.
ShriramSubramanian
Founder and managing director, InGovern Research Services
Companies need to be responsible
Companies need to increasingly adopt best practices as far as ESG is concerned. They have to communicate their practices to investors through disclosures. Investors in Indian companies need to put more pressure on companies to adopt market leading ESG practices and disclosures.
JonHale
JonHale
Director of sustainability research, Morningstar
Analysing ‘ethics' alerts investors
The main thrust of ESG analysis is that it alerts investors to issues that may not yet be recognised by traditional analysts as material to a company's value... throughout the world, younger investors say they want to invest this way, and typically women have higher interest than men.
NikhilJohri
NikhilJohri
Chief investment officer and founder, Trivantage Capital Management
Some think ESG affects returns
Most Indian investors are focused on returns; they think if they involve ESG concept in investments, then their returns would be compromised... In Europe, ESG funds are very popular; companies take pride in their ESG score and the emphasis is on doing business the right way.
© The Free Thought Project
A New Jersey cop was caught in possession of horrifying images of child porn and distributing them but he will escape jail.For those who doubt the existence of blue privilege and the ability of cops to escape accountability for unspeakable crimes, the following case should serve as proof it is real.. According to prosecutors, the horrifying images depicted the sexual abuse of small children. For possessing these images and videos, an average citizen would and should go to jail - but not a cop.In Brozina's case, his blue status proved that he is above the law and. For multiple charges of possessing child porn,According to police, the cases against Brozina began when they were investigating the suspicious death of 27-year-old Andrea E. Tepper. Brozina was a person of interest in Tepper's death and as a result his phone was examined by police.State Trooper M. Nocito reported that he found the child porn on Brozina's phone during this examination. For possessing the horrific images, Brozina was arrested and a warrant issued for the search of his home.When they seized his home computer, they found even more disturbing content. Police also determined thatAccording to the first complaint, Brozina "did knowingly and purposely distribute, circulate, disseminate photographs and videos which depicts a child engaging in a prohibited sexual act or in the simulation of such an act by distributing child pornography from his HP Pavilion 'Slimline' computer located at his residence."Count two, a third-degree crime, states that Brozina "did knowingly and purposely possess or view photographs and videos, which depicts a child engaged in a prohibited sexual act or in the simulation of such an act, specifically by viewing child pornography" on his home computer.Now, this 31-year-old child predator will be spared prison time because he was granted a plea deal with the Cape May County Prosecutor's Office. Judge Michael Donohue "sentenced" Brozina on June 22 to just three years probation.According to the Daily Journal , Donohue gave Brozina credit for two days in custody and required that he comply with mental health evaluations, according to the court's criminal case management office.This lack of punishment is in spite of. After he had been charged during the first investigation, Brozina was charged in Cumberland county for child porn too.He must still face trial for these charges, but if the case in Millville is any prediction of how it will turn out, one should not expect justice.Only two weeks ago, TFTP reported on the case of California Highway Patrol lieutenant Stephen Robert Deck who was given probation for attempting to have sex with a 13-year-old in 2006. The officer was caught in an undercover sting operation set up by police to catch pedophiles in the act of trying to have sex with kids. Unlike most of the other 12 defendants in the case, who were sentenced to at least one year in prison, Deck was afforded probation simply because he wore a badge.Although every other person caught in the same sting received jail time, Deck's badge apparently granted him special privilege. What's more, this child predator was allowed to keep his taxpayer-funded medical retirement. And we call this "justice" in the land of the free.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryan Hall scored a stunning second half try to help champions Leeds kicks off their Super League defence in style.
The England international touched down in each half in an accomplished display by the visitors in their first match since the exits of iconic playmakers Danny McGuire and Rob Burrow.
The last time the club had major departures in the wake of their historic 2015 treble winning season they struggled the following year and missed the top eight.
But with Richie Myler making an assured start to life in the no.7 shirt, Jamie Jones-Buchanan outstanding at 36 years old and teenager Jack Walker terrific at the back, they look much better placed to cope.
1. Myler's promising start
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The retirement of Rob Burrow and departure of Danny McGuire to Hull KR left two considerable holes in the Rhinos ranks.
With the serial Grand Final winners moving on, new signing Richie Myler has been charged with plugging some of those gaps, and made an encouraging start at his former club.
The 28-year-old's kick created a try for Ryan Hall, looked sharp throughout and was defensively excellent.
Mirror columnist Jamie Peacock reckons his support game will suit the Rhinos' offloading style and expect Myler to grow into his new role.
2. Warrington's rebuild may take time
(Image: PA)
After missing out on the top eight last season there is expectation for significant improvement from the Wolves under new coach Steve Price.
A handful of new faces including scrum-half Tyrone Roberts - who didn't feature in pre-season - mean it is unlikely to be immediate.
So it proved, and although Roberts showed some neat touches - along with fellow new boy Bryson Goodwin and hooker Daryl Clark - they fell short on opening night.
Once Roberts and Price settle fully into their new surroundings the Wolves should again challenge Super League's best.
3. Jack Walker looks set for a big season
(Image: PA)
The teenage Rhinos full-back was one of the success stories on 2017, breaking into the Leeds side and playing in a Grand Final at just 18.
But his starting place was far from guaranteed with no.1 Ashton Golding also in Brian McDermott's 19-man squad.
The Rhinos boss decided to go with Walker, and sporting a new closely cropped haircut, he again looked assured at the back.
Walker dealt with a series of high kicks and provided try saving tackles at the back despite his age - he looks well set for a big year despite one late error.
4. Jamie Jones-Buchanan is ageless
(Image: PA)
At the other end of the age scale is Jamie Jones-Buchanan, who is old enough to be Walker's dad.
A matter of days younger than Super League the eldest statesman - opponent Ben Westwood - JJB shows no sign of slowing down.
Not only did he open the scoring with a rare and well-taken try, but as usual he was all over the pitch for the full game.
Whether it's taking the toughest drives early in the set or making crucial tackles directly from a scrum, Jones-Buchanan remains seemingly indefatigable.
He still looks to have plenty of miles left in the tank at the age of 36.
5. Chris Hill's hospital dash
(Image: PA)
Warrington's hope of a comeback were hardly helped when England prop Chris Hill has to leave the game early to attend the birth of his fourth child.
Sky Sports reported that Hill's partner went into labour while at the game, leaving Hill to join her in the second half.
It raised memories of St Helens' prop Alex Walmsley's dash during the second half of a game at Wakefield last season.
A good old fashioned community challenge is always fun, especially if the pressure to “win” is pretty low. The Modern Maker Podcast, in partnership with Rockler Woodworking, announced they're doing a video challenge and I think it's going to be really fun. All you need is a sheet of plywood.
The rules are simple, make something using one sheet of plywood, any type, post it on Instagram using the hashtag #RocklerPlywoodChallenge by May 31st 2018, and be eligible to win some awesome prizes! Also, make a video of it – it's a huge opportunity, so don't miss out!
To kick the contest off, the creators of the podcast (Mike Montgomery, Ben Uyeda, and Chirs Salomone) each released a video of their own projects they created from a single sheet of plywood. There should be plenty of inspiration here to get your gears turning on what you could do.
Layered Coffee Table
Chris shows off an elegant design for home furniture using creatively stacked layers for interesting visual effect.
Portable Desk
Mike's breakdown portable desk come together very well, if a bit wobbly. His idea for using magnets instead of hinges is pretty unique.
Side Table
Ben put out a double-whammy with his project. He created a side table from stacked and sculpted plywood, and used the scraps to make a single use concrete mold. Very clever.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dear Coleen
Our son, who is 43, has been living with us since September when his wife told him she was no longer in love with him and only thinks of him as a brother, not a husband.
There are two children involved – a girl of 13 and a boy of 18. My daughter-in-law doesn't want our son to stay at their house.
To please his wife, he agreed to live with us for the time being, despite begging her for a reconciliation. She refused and said she has no wish to hurt him, but can no longer live with him.
Our son is a broken man. He longs for family life and misses the children dreadfully as he has limited contact with them. He is still paying the mortgage and living expenses for the house he no longer lives in.
We are a retired couple of 78 and 76, and we've been used to our own company for many years. Now we have our youngest son back at home with us and he has free board and lodging.
What can we do to help? And what are his next steps to make some sense of this situation? At the moment, it seems to be stalemate.
Coleen says
You are doing a lot to help already by giving him a roof over his head and supporting him emotionally.
I understand your worries about how long it's going to go on for and the pressure it puts on you and your husband.
The problem is, your son is in denial at the moment so he isn't being proactive or pushing for divorce because he's hoping she'll change her mind.
He doesn't have to force the divorce route, but he needs to get legal advice to find out where he stands in terms of the house and finances. He should also sort out interim accommodation, not only so he has his own space, but so that his children can stay with him.
I don't know if you can help him to accept it's over – I think he has to come to that conclusion himself.
Mediation would be a good idea to break the deadlock. He can contact National Family Mediation (nfm.org.uk), which supports families going through divorce and separation, and has lots of good information around children, property and finance.
It's only been a couple of months since the separation, so your son is still reeling from the heartbreak. Hopefully, he'll start thinking more logically about the situation once he realises a reconciliation isn't on the cards.
Rome, July 4 - Forty years have passed since the band Simple Minds performed its first concert, and this summer it is celebrating its new album "Walk Between Worlds" with six tour dates in Italy. In Rome, the band performed July 3 at the Roma Summer Fest at the Auditorium, in a grand pop-rock-electronica demonstration of current and past glories. Singer Jim Kerr and guitarist Charlie Burchill, the only remaining original members of the group, took the stage with the confidence that comes from a lifelong career that began as Scotland's answer to U2. At its Rome concert, the band brought a playlist of about 15 songs, with a three-song encore. The band's frontman proved to be tireless despite 40 years on the road touring the world, challenging the passage of time in his purple t-shirt, jeans, and black boots. On stage he was just as animated as he was when he first began, jumping, raising his arms, kneeling and spinning the microphone before his audience. "We're all young, aren't we?" he said ironically. The crowd filled the Cavea at the Auditorium for the revival concert that brought back songs from the band's beginnings as well as songs from its most recent album, such as "The Signal and the Noise". Traversing its musical history, the band performed hits such as "Waterfront" (1984), "Let There Be Love" from the early 1990s, and "Love Song" (1981), letting fans relive the new wave and post-punk atmosphere from the band's first days in Glasgow, where it was influenced by bands from the previous decade. From the second song on, a crowd gathered around the stage to take pictures of Kerr, Burchill and the five young and talented musicians accompanying them on keyboard, drums, guitar, bass and vocals. The band performed one of its most iconic hits, "Don't You Forget About Me", from the movie The Breakfast Club. Fans cried for an encore, which the band satisfied with three songs, ending with "Sanctify Yourself". The Rome concert was the second of the band's Italian tour dates, following Cremona, with concerts in Macerata, Marostica, Udine and Genoa rounding out a busy schedule through July 11.
"Expo has been an incredible experience."
It's been another great day at the Virgin Money London Marathon Expo!
Hands up if you've visited today #LondonMarathon #SpiritofLondon pic.twitter.com/kSSXaQUisi
New statistics show 93 per cent of adults in Scotland have given up at least one hobby from their childhood and more than a quarter (26 per cent) can't remember the last time they took up a new one.
The British Heart Foundation (BHF) is encouraging people to shake things up by reviving an old hobby they used to enjoy, or starting a new one, to help raise money for life saving heart research.
The poll showed that more than a quarter (26 per cent) said they can't remember the last time they took up a new hobby or tried something different, and as for the hobbies they did in childhood, almost two in five (38 per cent) said the last time they did them was over 10 years ago.
For more than a third (34 per cent) it has been over 16 years.
Of the Scottish residents polled, almost two thirds (61 per cent) said they used to try more new things when they were younger, while almost a third (32 per cent) of adults say they have grown up to be someone who tends to say no to new things.
The BHF can reveal the top ten hobbies we are most likely to have given up from childhood are:
Musical Instruments (39 per cent)
Football (26 per cent)
Swimming (23 per cent)
Cycling (20 per cent)
Other sports (17 per cent)
Drawing (16 per cent)
Gymnastics (13 per cent)
Painting (13 per cent)
Arts and crafts (13 per cent)
Dance (13 per cent)
Almost two thirds (61 per cent) surveyed said they would like to re-engage with an old hobby given the chance, seeing the benefits. More than two in five (42 per cent) said it would give them a sense of fulfilment. Almost half (47 per cent) said it would be fun and almost a third (29 per cent) said that introducing a new hobby into their life would take their mind away from life stresses.
One of the main reasons people said they haven't rekindled an old hobby is that they were just lacking the motivation. However, the BHF suggest that doing something to raise money in the fight against heart disease could be a good incentive to revive one of your favourite pastimes.
Marc Shaw, fundraising manager at the BHF, said: “Taking up a hobby can be extremely fulfilling, and can be a great way of keeping active and meeting new people. Our survey shows that the majority of us would love to reignite an old passion from their childhood/younger years, as many of us used to be much more open to trying new things when we were younger.
“By taking up an activity you used to enjoy, you can help raise money for our life saving research and help us make a difference to the millions of people fighting a daily battle with heart disease.”
The BHF relies on the enormous generosity of its supporters to continue funding life saving research, and is calling on the public to fundraise in ways that they enjoy. Do that thing you do, and do it to raise money to save lives.
Why not get the family involved, make opportunities to re-engage with that hobby that you used to enjoy, even just for one day, and fundraise for the BHF in the process.
It could be a taking on a swim challenge if you haven't taken the plunge for a while or getting on your bike if you miss the wind in your hair. Gather together your friends and old teammates for a kick around or even hold an arts and crafts day where you can all get creative.
Around 670,000 people in Scotland are living with heart and circulatory disease. Heart disease devastates the lives of millions of people across the UK, often without warning, so why not get together and make the time to host a fundraiser or take on a challenge of your choice.
Get your free fundraising pack with ideas/inspiration, materials and support by visiting bhf.org.uk/doyourthing
The Met Office is warning there may be more snow on the way in the south Midland today and have extended the area and timeframe where it may fall.
A spokesman for the Met office said: "With cold conditions and some snow lying over parts of England, as well as further rain pushing in from the southeast during the second half of the night, icy stretches have formed on untreated surfaces.
The Met Office has extended its warning across the region today
"At the same time some snow will fall over parts of southeast England this morning and early afternoon as well as over parts of East Anglia in the afternoon. However, most accumulations here should be above about 100 m.
"This is only a low impact warning with impacts much less widespread and less significant than across parts of England and Wales on Sunday.
"This is an update to extend the warning into Monday afternoon, pull this a little southward and to make this a combined snow and ice warning."
WINDOW ROCK
The Navajo Nation AMBER Alert System is officially up and running.
According to an emergency coordinator and acting director for the Navajo Nation Department of Emergency Management, the system has been “live” since the new year began.
“We made our deadline,” the coordinator said. “In the event we do need to issue and AMBER Alert, we can issue it on (the) Navajo Nation.”
The system has already helped law enforcement issue an endangered missing person advisory on the evening of Jan. 26 in Dilkon, Arizona. The advisory is not an AMBER Alert, but it didn't mean the safety and recovery of a child was not as important.
The system not only includes all 11 counties that cover the reservation, but reaches as far as Pine Top, Arizona, Albuquerque, Blanding, Utah, and Flagstaff.
He added that if an AMBER Alert needed to be “pushed” at the state level, he could so that too.
For an AMBER Alert to be issued, he said five criteria needed to be met:
A Navajo Nation Police officer has determined that the child is not a runaway and has not been abducted as a result of a child custody dispute, unless the dispute poses a credible and or specific threat of serious bodily harm or death to the child.
The abduction poses a credible threat of immediate danger of serious bodily injury or death to the child.
An abduction of a child (under 18) has occurred.
There is sufficient descriptive information about the child, abductor and the circumstances surrounding the abduction to indicate that the activation of the AMBER Alert will locate the child and/or suspect.
There is information available to disseminate to the general public, which could assist in the safe recovery of the child and/or the apprehension of a suspect.
In the case in Dilkon, all five requirements for an AMBER Alert were not met. Dilkon police issued an endangered missing person alert for 15-month-old Delilah Nelson. Police said her father, Shawn Nelson, who didn't have legal custody, reportedly took her.
The next morning, Nelson was found. Two people were arrested.
On Friday morning, an endangered missing person advisory was issued by the Tuba City Police Department for a 3-year-old girl.
Since the system became active, the Navajo Nation has not issued an AMBER Alert.
To read the full article, pick up your copy of the Navajo Times at your nearest newsstand Thursday mornings! Find newsstand locations at this link. Or, subscribe via mail or online here.
Tiger Woods acknowledges the crowd after making a putt on the second green during the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational golf tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack)
Tiger Woods acknowledges the crowd after making a putt on the second green during the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational golf tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack)
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - Tiger Woods put on a Sunday charge at Bay Hill that looked all too familiar.
One swing changed everything at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Coming off three birdies and two pars saves that brought him to within one shot of the lead, Woods hammered a tee shot so far left on the par-5 16th hole that it went over the fence, into a backyard and out-of-bounds.
A birdie or better turned into a bogey, and ultimately it didn't matter when Rory McIlroy closed with five birdies in his last six holes to win. Woods made bogey from the bunker on the next hole and had to make a 12-foot par putt on the final hole for a 3-under 69 to finish eight shots behind.
The margin didn't reflect the anticipation that Woods might win in his remarkable return from a fourth back surgery.
It was the second straight Sunday that Woods got within one shot of the lead on the back nine. His next stop is the Masters, which Woods has missed three times in the last four years and will be among the favorites at Augusta National for the first time in five years.
Woods was bothered more by the mental mistake than the swing on the 16th hole.
"I was caught. I didn't decide what I was going to do," Woods said. "That's on me for not committing."
The 16th hole was playing shorter than usual at 496 yards with firm fairways. Woods didn't hit the fairway the previous three rounds and still made birdie. He said his options were a driver that he could shape between the left rough and the bunkers on the right, or pound a driver over the bunkers, or simply hit a 3-wood down the fairway and have no more than an 8-iron into the green.
He opted for driver, and then couldn't decide whether to shape the shot or blast it.
He blasted it, all right.
Woods watched it sail to the left and hung his head when he received the signal that it was out-of-bounds. He drilled the next tee shot 358 yards down the middle, hit wedge to 25 feet and missed the par putt.
"It's not that hard of a hole," Woods said. "I wasn't committed to either one of the three shots I was supposed to hit.
Woods won all eight of his titles at the Arnold Palmer Invitational playing in the final group. He was five shots behind going into the final round, though he had nine players - including three major champions - in front of him.
He began creeping up on the leaders with birdies on the par 5s on the front. He was four shots behind going to the back nine when he began his run with five one-putts in five holes, three of them for birdie. When he made it from 15 feet on the fringe, he was one shot behind and the enormous crowd could be heard everywhere on the course.
Woods still had plenty of work left, and he knew it.
"Even though I got up there, I knew I had to keep making birdies. Those guys had so many holes behind me," Woods said. "I got to 16 and figured I've got to play the last three in 3 under to have a chance. Even that wouldn't be good enough the way Rory is playing back there."
Moments after Woods' tee shot when out-of-bounds, McIlroy made birdie putts of 15 feet on No. 13 and 20 feet on No. 14, and if that wasn't enough, he chipped in from 40 feet on the 15th to start pulling away.
One thing was clear during the Florida swing. That red shirt on Sunday is back in vogue.
Woods finished 12th at the Honda Classic, was a runner-up in his first time playing the Valspar Championship and tied for fifth at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
"If you had asked me at the beginning of the year that I would have had a chance to win two golf tournaments, I would have taken that in a heartbeat," he said.
A look at what's happening all around the majors today:
___
KRYPTONITE
Justin Turner and the major league-best Dodgers try to solve nemesis Robbie Ray (15-5, 2.89 ERA, 218 Ks) and take a 2-0 lead over the Diamondbacks in their NL Division Series. Ray dominated the Dodgers during the regular season, going 3-0 in five starts with a 2.27 ERA and a whopping 53 strikeouts in 31 2/3 innings. He even went 5 for 12 (.417) at the plate with two RBIs. But the left-hander threw 34 pitches over 2 1/3 innings in relief Wednesday during Arizona's wild-card win over Colorado, so it will be interesting to see how fresh he looks. Los Angeles counters with lefty Rich Hill (12-8, 3.32), who had a 2.77 ERA at home this year. He was 0-3 with a 5.03 ERA in four starts against the Diamondbacks overall.
ARMS RACE
Kyle Hendricks and the Cubs beat Nationals ace Stephen Strasburg 3-0 in a well-pitched opener Friday night. On deck, it's a matchup of veteran left-handers in Game 2 of their NL Division Series at 5:38 p.m. EDT. Jon Lester (13-8) starts for the defending World Series champions against Gio Gonzalez (15-9) and Washington after two-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer was pushed back to Game 3 because of a tender hamstring. Gonzalez said he had been preparing to pitch Monday at Wrigley Field until he was told Wednesday to get ready for Game 2. Lester won his final two starts, allowing one run over 11 innings, after compiling an 8.22 ERA in his previous five games. He is 9-7 with a 2.63 ERA in his postseason career.
TAKE A BREAK
Boston's pitchers get a breather after being battered by the Astros in the first two games of their ALDS, and nearly all the arms need a rest in the Yankees-Indians series following Friday's extra-inning showdown. Houston leads its best-of-five matchup 2-0 after a pair of 8-2 wins, including a three-homer outburst from Jose Altuve on Thursday and long balls from Carlos Correa and George Springer on Friday. The Red Sox and Game 3 starter Doug Fister will plot for Houston during a workout at Fenway Park before that series resumes Sunday. New York and Cleveland will get a practice day at Yankee Stadium.
EVALUATING EDWIN
Cleveland is hoping for good news on slugger Edwin Encarnacion, who left Friday's 9-8, 13-inning win over the Yankees with a sprained right ankle. The injury looked bad — Encarnacion rolled in the infield dirt in obvious pain after going awkwardly into second base — but an MRI showed only the sprain. Indians manager Terry Francona said late Friday that Encarnacion is day to day.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
