LONDON, April 13 Sovereign wealth fund (SWF) assets all but stalled at $6.59 trillion in the year to March 2017 due to a combination of weak markets, low oil prices and shifts in government policy, a report from research provider Preqin showed.
Total assets under management have levelled off in the last two years, with growth of just 3 percent in 2015 and 1 percent in 2016, when assets stood at $6.51 trillion.
This is in contrast to previous years, when SWF assets grew by 17 percent between December 2011 and December 2012, and by a further 16 percent the following year, Preqin said in a report received on Thursday.
"Macroeconomic headwinds, low oil prices, and shifts in domestic and economic policy from their governments have all contributed to this tapering off," Selina Sy, editor of the 2017 Preqin Sovereign Wealth Fund Review, said.
Some oil-backed funds have reined in spending as their governments have used them to close budget gaps. Oil prices are currently around $56 a barrel, a long way off the highs of $115 touched in June 2015.
In another sign of belt-tightening, SWFs pulled $37.8 billion from global stock and bond markets in 2016, according to separate data from research firm eVestment.
However, hydrocarbon-backed SWFs grew by $60 billion in the 12 months to March 2017, Preqin said, suggesting the worst of the selling may be over.
In fact, only 29 percent of SWFs suffered a decline in assets in the last 12 months, versus 36 percent in the previous year.
A slim majority of 51 percent saw their assets increase in the year to March 2017, with SWFs funded by non-hydrocarbon commodities growing by $10 billion, as did those funded by non-commodity sources.
The investor class remains dominated by a handful of heavyweights with the 10 largest funds collectively holding $5.2 trillion - 79 percent of the whole. They include Norway's $915 billion fund, the world's biggest, and the China Investment Corporation, with $800 billion under management.
At the other end of the scale, 45 percent of SWFs hold less than $10 billion.
The sector continues to evolve, with Abu Dhabi creating a $125 billion fund by merging Mubadala Development Company and International Petroleum Investment Company.
Some smaller SWFs, such as the Turkey Wealth Fund, have also launched.
The proportion of SWFs investing in alternatives has grown, with 61 percent allocating to private equity, a record high, and 63 percent to real estate.
Some 63 percent of SWFs were also invested in infrastructure, liked for its ability to deliver steady, visible cashflows over the long term. (Reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Susan Fenton)
PUERTO PRINCESA CITY: Tension escalated here as supporters of dismissed Mayor Lucilo Bayron have barricaded the city hall gate since Sunday to prevent Department of Interior and Local Government (DILG)-Region 4B Director Florida Dijan from serving the dismissal order against the mayor.
Advertisements
On Friday, the sixth day of the stand off at city hall, a civil society group sent a letter to DILG-OIC Catalino Cuy asking him to dismantle the barricade and expel Bayron and his supporters from city hall.
Jose Maria Mirasol, managing director of Advocates for Excellent Government, A.C.S.O., Inc., said the actions of Bayron and his supporters “are now seditious, and has made it clear that he will resist the service of his dismissal order, with violence if necessary.”
He also called for the deployment of the military in the area since they were informed that no policemen were seen to maintain order near and around the city while several major roads were blocked by heavy equipment.
About 300 job order employees were allegedly told to act as human barricade at city hall that effectively prevented Dijan from implementing the order dated September 28, 2017 signed by Cuy.
Mario Lauron, executive assistant of Vice Mayor Luis Marcaida, said four dump trucks owned by a private firm were parked at the front gate while another truck was at the back gate.
Senior citizens and women with children were used as human barricade at the front line and were reportedly promised P300 as incentive.
Bayron has been holed up in his office since Sunday and was not seen going out of the city hall premises.
Lauron added that former Puerto Princesa police chief, Ret Supt David Martinez, is now in charge of Bayron's security force and responsible for putting up the human barricade and their number was increasing as of Friday.
The Office of the Ombudsman ordered the dismissal of Bayron on December 15, 2016 after it found him administratively liable for serious dishonesty and grave misconduct in appointing his son, Karl, as chief of a task force at the city hall.
The ruling said Bayron did not truthfully disclose his relationship to his son when he signed him for an employment contract which the Ombudsman said, “was a false statement in a public document.”
May 3 Russia's largest toy retailer Detsky Mir on Wednesday reported first-quarter adjusted profit up by a third helped by cost cuts.
Adjusted net profit rose to 137 million roubles ($2.40 million) on revenue up 28.3 percent at 21.06 billion roubles.
The 70-year-old retailer said its "efforts to further improve labour productivity and optimise rental payments" helped reduce operating expenses as a percentage of revenue by 300 basis points.
In 2016 the company reported a four-fold increase in net profit. It went public in February in Russia's highest-profile share sale since 2014.
In 2017, Detsky Mir, which means "children's world" in Russian, plans to open at least 70 new supermarkets and hypermarkets.
Chief Executive Vladimir Chirakhov said the company stayed on target in the quarter to post a double-digit adjusted EBITDA margin in 2017.
Shares fell as much as 10 percent at the opening on Wednesday, briefly dipping below the IPO price. They pared losses to trade down 3 percent as of 0748 GMT.
($1 = 57.0690 roubles) (Reporting by Anna Rzhevkina in Gdynia; editing by Jason Neely)
PRESIDENT Emmerson Mnangagwa has intervened in a labour dispute between Hwange Colliery Company Limited (HCCL) and its employees which had seen the workers' spouses protesting since Monday.
Wives of HCCL employees have been demanding that the coal mining company fulfils its pledge to pay them outstanding salaries after agreeing to a scheme of arrangement last year.
Hundreds of women camped at the management office in Hwange where they used tree branches to close gates to block management from entering the premises. Some of them have been sleeping at the premises as part of their demonstration.
Yesterday Home Affairs Minister Dr Obert Mpofu visited Hwange and addressed the protestors.
He said he had been sent by President Mnangagwa to listen to their concerns as Government is committed to addressing workers' welfare.
“I am from this place and it pains me to see this. The President sent me to come and talk to you and listen to your grievances. We understand all your issues which border around non-payment of salaries and hunger. I am here to get your concerns which I will present to the President tomorrow. What I can say is that we have heard your concerns, and I plead with you to give us time and I will be back to report to you and my promise is that on Monday government will give its position,” said Dr Mpofu.
He said Government was committed to workers' welfare.
The Minister said President Mnangagwa had directed that the demonstrators must not be victimised.
“If his Excellency and his deputies didn't care about you we wouldn't be here. Let's work together in a way that helps the country. It's touching the way you have handled this issue and presented your grievances. Women are the worst affected hence you are here and there could be some people who could be making promises to you but I tell you this is not political,” said Dr Mpofu.
“The President has been touring other countries where the world has pledged support. Give him time to deal with your issues in management, operations and women,” he said.
The employees' wives resorted to a demonstration after management reneged on paying them outstanding salaries in terms of the scheme of arrangement reached last year.
Yesterday, the women said they wanted the managing director Engineer Thomas Makore removed from the post.
Ms Thokozile Ncube who briefed the minister on behalf of the women, handed over a petition with their grievances.
“Our husbands haven't been paid since October last year and we were shocked when we were told that the money will he paid in July.
“Our husbands are being harassed while our children are no longer going to school and some marriages have broken up,” she said.
Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions president Mr Peter Mutasa also handed over a copy of the protestors' grievances to the minister after the trade union body also addressed the women.
Dr Mpofu asked the demonstrators to remove the barricades into the offices and allow management into the premises, but they refused saying they will continue camping at the gate until their demands are met.
Women who spoke to Chronicle said they had been reduced to beggars as they were failing to look after their families, while children of some have dropped out of school.
“What the company is doing to us is not good at all. We are literally living in abject poverty as a result of non-payment of salaries.
“We can no longer afford to send our children to school and after enduring for so long the company begins to play games with us. Until we get answers we are going to be here,” said another.
Others said families were breaking down as there was no longer any joy in their homes since fights over money were becoming a common thing. Chronicle
I have worked with the NewsMail since January 2012. I report in the Family Life section of the paper, which I love as I have two school aged kids. I grew up in Byron Bay before moving to Hervey Bay where I lived for 10 years, after that my family and I travelled around Australia then we finally settled in Bundaberg in 2011. I enjoy meeting new people and hearing about all walks of life.
Photos View Photo Gallery
PEANUTS weren't the only things flying through the air at Bundaberg's newest restaurant, Lone Star.
Within days of the rib house opening at Stockland an emergency call for meat was made to fly ribs and steak up from Brisbane.
Lone Star operations manager Jy Diamond told the NewsMail that the response from the community had been overwhelming.
He said the eatery was just what the Rum City needed and, with dining booked out right through until next week, it seems he's not wrong.
"We had to fly 600kg of ribs and steaks up on Monday," he said.
"We ran out over the first weekend and couldn't wait until the delivery on Wednesday."
Mr Diamond said his family took over the Lone Star restaurants five years ago, and had worked hard to revitalise the name.
Lone Star now has 30 stores nationally, with more on the way.
The Bundaberg store is currently looking for a franchisee and Mr Diamond is prepared to wait as long as it takes to find the right one.
"We want a franchisee that knows how the town ticks," he said.
"We are prepared to wait for the perfect person to come along to get it right the first time."
Mr Diamond also put out the call for local sports clubs to touch base regarding sponsorship.
"We are about the community and want to help where we can," he said.
And the question everybody wants answered is about the restaurant's famous nuts, the shells of which diners chuck on the floor: will they be sticking around?
Mr Diamond said there had always been rumours about the peanuts' demise but he quickly quashed them.
"I've heard people say we won't have them because of OHS or the health department," he said.
"But they aren't going anywhere."
Lone Star's former owner had only stopped the nut tradition due to cost.
Mr Diamond said a pallet of 22 bags of peanuts was $5000.
"We get all our nuts nationally from Kingaroy."
"Since opening we have used a bag a day, but it's all part of the fun," he said.
Credit Suisse Securities (USA), a unit of Credit Suisse AG (CSGN.S), and a former investment adviser have agreed to pay about $8 million in fines to settle charges relating to improper investments, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said.
According to the SEC's orders issued on Tuesday, Credit Suisse collected about $3.2 million in avoidable fees from clients during 2009-2014, and about $2.5 million of that amount was generated from Sanford Katz's advisory clients. (bit.ly/2nVHr1H)
Without admitting or denying the SEC's findings, Credit Suisse and Katz will collectively pay disgorgement of about $3.2 million, some $600,000 in prejudgment interest, and penalties totaling around $4.1 million.
Katz, who was a former managing director and relationship manager at the bank's San Francisco office, purchased or held Class A mutual fund shares for advisory clients who were eligible to purchase or hold less expensive institutional share classes of the same mutual funds, the SEC said.
Credit Suisse did not immediately respond to an email outside regular U.S. business hours. Katz could not immediately be reached for comment.
In January, Credit Suisse formally agreed to pay $5.3 billion to settle with U.S. authorities over claims it misled investors in residential mortgage-backed securities it sold in the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis.
Last year, Calvert Investments agreed to settle a civil case with the SEC after being accused of mispricing bonds and collecting inflated fees.
(Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
Showroom features new, full-size cardboard cutouts of adoptable shelter pets
Cut out pet with John Marazzi and his rescue pets, Athena and Zeus
Contact
Brandon Honda
***@brandonhonda.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12619879/1 Brandon Honda
End
-- A lifelong proponent of shelter animal adoptions, John Marazzi, Managing Partner of Brandon Honda is now making it easier for shoppers to picture adorable pets available at the Hillsborough County Pet Resource Center (PRC) in their lives and in their Hondas.Eighteen cardboard cut-outs of shelter cats and dogs are now romping throughout the Brandon Honda showroom at 9209 E. Adamo Drive to steal the hearts of visitors and raise awareness of all the deserving, healthy dogs and cats available for adoption through breed specific rescue groups, SPCAs and humane societies, or at county-run shelters and animal services."My family and I have always had a deep passion for saving, fostering, and adopting shelter animals," said Marazzi. "They make wonderful pets when matched with just the right family for their personalities and needs. Sadly, crowded shelters simply can't feed and care for all the animals they receive, so many are forced to resort to euthanasia to keep their animal populations down to a manageable size. We feel a better solution is to encourage adoptions and foster arrangements, while raising funds for and volunteering at animal shelters."Local pet photographer Adam Goldberg took photos recently at the Hillsborough County Pet Resource Center located at 440 N. Falkenburg Rd, in Tampa, FL 33619. Goldberg originally found his passion for photographing animals at the Humane Society of Broward County."Rescue animals can be especially hard to photograph when they are anxious and confused in the transition from a home or the streets to shelters," said Goldberg. "I've had to learn how to win their confidence so that they can relax and turn on their true personality for the camera."Hillsborough County Pet Resource Center is the only "open admission" animal shelter in Hillsborough County. They accept domestic animals regardless of breed, size or medical condition and are open from 10:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. seven days a week. For more information call (813) 744-5660 or visit https://www.hillsboroughcounty.org/ en/locations/ pet-resou... See a video of Goldberg's photos for Brandon Honda at https://www.facebook.com/ agoldphotos/ videos/1730623017251... . His work is being sponsored by LotVantage, the leading provider of digital marketing solutions for automotive, marine, power sports, RV, trailer and outdoor power equipment dealerships. For more information, contact Adam Goldberg at 813-600-5474 or agoldberg@lotvantage.com.Brandon Honda, a division of Morgan Auto Group, is located at 9209 E. Adamo Drive in Tampa, FL 33619, one mile west of I-75. It is an award-winning, Green-Star Certified automobile service facility and works proactively to protect the environment. For more information, call 813-664-1234 or visit http://www.BrandonHonda.com.
In the new Trump era, NYC officials didn't wait long to label today's New York City subway attack as a terror attack. That's good. and it should emphasize how important it is to limit who comes into our country as a visitor or an immigrant. Robert Spencer, author of 17 books and the Director of Jihad Watch today joined Lars to discuss how the United States can best protect our citizens.
The post Robert Spencer – Combating Terror And Protecting The United States appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
This story is about Published 21m
From high hopes to riding the bench: A timeline of everything that's happened with Mavs C Nerlens Noel Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Dallas Mavericks forward Nerlens Noel (3) celebrates after dunking the ball past Atlanta Hawks forward Kent Bazemore during the first half of an NBA basketball game at American Airlines Center on Wednesday, Oct. 18, 2017, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
Nerlens Noel was thought to be part of the Mavs' young core when he was acquired from the 76ers. It now appears there's a good chance Noel isn't even on the roster next season. How did we get here?
From contract negotiations to a hot dog, here is a timeline of how the Noel saga has unfolded since the trade.
Feb. 23: Mavericks trade for Noel The Mavs made an unexpected move at last season's trade deadline, dealing Justin Anderson, Andrew Bogut and a protected draft pick Noel. It was widely considered to be a steal for the Mavericks, who acquired a young center that could be locked up long-term. Feb. 25: Noel makes debut
LM Otero/AP Dallas Mavericks forward Nerlens Noel (3) is congratulated by teammate Yogi Ferrell (11) after scoring during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the New Orleans Pelicans in Dallas, Saturday, Feb. 25, 2017. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
Noel made his debut at home in a 96-83 victory over the New Orleans Pelicans. Noel scored nine points and 10 rebounds and got a warm welcome from the American Airlines Center crowd. He didn't start, but head coach Rick Carlisle said that would come eventually. "I think it's a very fresh start that probably was needed," Noel said. "It was a tough few years in Philly. Going through that wasn't easy, but I'm ready to look back and say, 'Wow, I really feel proud for the way you handled yourself.' I'm really looking forward to what we have here. The opportunity is coming in the near future." It never did. April 12: Mavs' season ends, Noel's big offseason begins The Mavs ended last season with a victory over the Memphis Grizzlies. Noel played in 22 games for the Mavericks and started 12, averaging 8.5 points and 6.8 rebounds. Noel was about to begin what he called the biggest offseason of his career as he entered restricted free agency, and it appeared he was a priority for the Mavericks. Carlisle even said "a guy that we've got to get signed." June 22: Mavs draft Dennis Smith Jr. The Mavs selected Dennis Smith Jr. with the No. 9 pick in the 2017 NBA Draft. Noel seemed pretty excited to be part of a young core featuring himself, Smith and Harrison Barnes. It's another example of how it seemed Noel genuinely wanted to be a Maverick long term.
LET'S GOO !! It's Lit @Dennis4Smith welcome to the family !! — Nerlens Noel (@NerlensNoel3) June 23, 2017
July 1: Free agency begins Noel officially becomes a restricted free agent. July 18: Noel's agent speaks out
More than two weeks into free agent and Noel didn't have an offer from the Mavericks or anyone else. Noel's agent, Happy Walters, expressed disappointment at the way negotiations were going with Dallas. "We're very disappointed with where things stand," Walters said. "Nerlens loves Dallas and spent June there working out, but we're still waiting on a serious offer."
This came after Noel was spotted with Rick Carlisle and Mark Cuban at a Mavs summer league game. Aug. 21: Noel fires agent, hires Rich Paul With still no long term deal from anyone, Noel fired Walters and replaced him with Rich Paul of Klutch Sports. Paul also represents LeBron James. Aug. 26: Qualifying offer to be signed News broke on Aug. 26 that Noel would sign the one-year qualifying offer worth $4.1 million with the Mavericks. The team officially announced the deal on Aug. 28. It was reported Noel turned down a four-year, $70 million dollar deal at the start of free agency. Walters confirmed that via Twitter.
Noel's decision drew criticism from other players around the league. Sources told SportsDay's Brad Townsend that Walters advised Noel to accept Dallas' offer, but Noel wouldn't budge in his belief that his worth is closer to the max four-year offer of $106 million. Noel's mother, Dorcina, told Townsend that Noel was asking the Mavs for $22 million a year, but would've settled for $20 million.
"He told me, 'If Dallas gives me $20 million, I'm going to be there because they love me there. I said, 'Yeah, I love it there, too.'"
Sept. 25: Carlisle says Noel likely to come off the bench
Tony Gutierrez/AP Dallas Mavericks' Nerlens Noel, left, talks with head coach Rick Carlisle, right, as he leaves the court in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017, in Dallas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
Carlisle told reporters that Noel would likely start the season coming off the bench while Dirk Nowitzki would start at center. "He's not the kind of person that's going to be that way," Carlisle said of any chance of grudge-holding. "Has he gone through a difficult summer? Yes. But we've talked about it and continue to talk about it. And going forward, we have a plan in place for him to have a great year and be a part of what we hope is a winning season. "We love him. My hope is he's here for many, many years to come. Sometimes, market dynamics are unpredictable. Here we are. I see him having a great year." When asked if he wanted to be in Dallas long-term, Noel hesitated. "Umm," he started off. "I love the city of Dallas. I do. But we all know what goes on in this business. As things shape out, it'll be handled."
Oct. 19: Noel records double-double in season opener
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Dallas Mavericks forward Nerlens Noel (3) grabs a rebound in front of Atlanta Hawks center Dewayne Dedmon (14) during the first half of an NBA basketball game at American Airlines Center on Wednesday, Oct. 18, 2017, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Noel scored 16 points and grabbed 11 rebounds in less than 20 minutes in the Mavs' season-opening loss to the Hawks. Nov. 11: DNP in loss to Cavaliers The Mavericks lost to the Cavaliers 111-104 at home. Noel did not play, despite having no injuries to speak of. Carlisle attributed the move to match ups, but said "minutes have to be earned." He also said Noel was not on a short leash. "There's no doghouse here," Carlisle said. "There just isn't. It's pretty simple. You compete and if you earn minutes, you get minutes. You got to compete. And our guys have to have an edge. No one's given anything. That's how we have to do things. The situation is we have a lot of tough opponents, record's not good right now. Competing is what it's all about." Nov. 12: Garbage time minutes A day after being benched against the Cavs, Noel played two minutes of garbage time during a 112-99 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder. Noel took the high road when asked about it by SportsDay's Eddie Sefko. "I wouldn't say it's insulting," said Noel. "I just have to look out for my body and make sure I'm ready to go after sitting the whole game. It's just about me being ready at all times. I just want to be smart about it."
Dec. 2: Hot dog gate
Smiley N. Pool/TNS Dallas Mavericks guard Devin Harris (left), center Nerlens Noel (center) and guard J.J. Barea (right) watch from the bench during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets at American Airlines Center on Wednesday, Nov. 29, 2017, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News/TNS)
The Mavs beat the Clippers 108-82 but the headlines revolved around Noel. He walked into the media dining room during halftime of the game to get a hot dog. Noel recorded his fourth straight DNP-CD in the game. "I'm doing everything I need to, staying in shape, continuing to work on my game and working on the little things," Noel said after the game. "It's frustrating at times. But I think I got laser focus right now for what I want to do and where I want to be. I'm anxious to play. When that comes, it comes." But Noel said he has no idea on if that opportunity will come in Dallas. Dec. 6: Thumb surgery It was announced Noel would have surgery to repair a torn ligament in his thumb and be out four to six weeks. Noel sustained the injury early in the season, but couldn't pinpoint exactly when. "It's not anything crazy," Noel said. "It's a pretty common injury for a basketball player. I'm just going to get it taken care of. I showed it to the trainers and they said, that it's not right. They said I should probably get some surgery and get it fixed up now. The Mavericks hope Noel can return before the trade deadline.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
NEW YORK Fund investors are ousting U.S. stocks in favor of bonds and international assets as they turn skittish on an aging bull market, data from the Investment Company Institute showed on Wednesday.
Investors pulled $12.7 billion from U.S.-based funds that buy domestic stocks, and plunged an additional $6.7 billion into international equity and $11.1 billion into bond funds, the trade group said. The data covers the week ended April 5.
Domestic stock fund outflows were the biggest since October 2016, while international equity inflows were the highest since July 2015, the ICI data showed.
Market returns have mirrored that pattern, with the S&P 500 .SPX down 1.3 percent over the last month in price terms, compared to the 1.1 percent rise of MSCI's gauge of stocks outside the United States .dMIWU00000PUS.
"Investors are getting more concerned about the U.S. equities, given political uncertainty and amid an increasingly aging bull market," said Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and mutual fund research at CFRA. "Last week's flows were sharply impacted by rare outflows to U.S. equity ETFs. Investors have sought the relative safety of taxable bond funds."
Political tension ranging from Syria to the Korean peninsula weighed on market sentiment this month, pressuring an eight-year bull market in U.S. stocks.
Meanwhile, global growth has created opportunities in other regions, such as emerging markets, said Stephen Cucchiaro, president and chief investment officer at 3EDGE Asset Management in Boston.
Fixed-income funds attracted their 15th straight week of cash. They have had just two months of net outflows in the past year, according to ICI.
Bonds have become the choice asset for U.S. fund investors over the past year despite a rally in stocks. Bonds have their own risks, as the Federal Reserve hikes interest rates and eyes potential plans this year to trim its $4.5 trillion of bonds and other assets. Rising interest rates erode bond prices.
(Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 13 EYEMAXX Real Estate AG:
* Convertible bond fully placed - premature closure of public offering on April 13, 2017 at 9.00 a.m
* It was already possible to fully place the convertible bond with a total nominal amount of 20,376,000 euros ($21.74 million) at the end of the subscription period for EYEMAXX shareholders and holders of the 2016/2019 bond
* Proceeds from convertible bond are to be used, in particular, to finance EYEMAXX Real Estate AG's real estate projects and to expand and modernise its own real estate portfolio
* Company currently has a deal pipeline totalling around 400 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9373 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
NewsRevue are back at the Fringe for a 38th consecutive year. The Student caught up with its director Katie Pesskin, who is returning to direct the show at the Fringe for a second year running.
NewsRevue has been coming to the Fringe every year now since 1979. Do you even have to think about coming here now or is it second nature?
I think it is pretty much a given for both our producers and our audiences that NewsRevue will be up at the Fringe! The show is on all year in London but Edinburgh is always one of the highlights of the year as we get to bring together all our best material in one show.
Why do you come back every year? What is it that appeals to you about the Fringe?
Well, the great thing about NewsRevue is that even though we are at the Fringe every year, the show is always completely different. The show we do in Edinburgh is on a much larger scale [compared] to the London shows, so we get to be a lot more flamboyant, which myself and my musical director, Tom Barnes, love. I think NewsRevue would have withdrawal symptoms if we were not at the Fringe…and vice versa.
You are officially the world's longest-running comedy show. How do you keep a show running for that length of time?
I think the key is change. The fact that audiences know they are getting a completely different show every year keeps them coming back for more. We also have had to develop the show to keep up with the news, which has been a bit crazy the last couple of years. It is definitely a case of adapting to the sort of news you are dealing with, too. For example, this year the news has been incredibly political and the celebrities of our world now are politicians. So we have found ourselves having a lot more politics in the show than ever before because that is what people want to see.
There is no shortage of material from the last twelve months since Fringe 2016. This time last year, would you agree? Clinton was still favourite for president and the Conservatives had a majority…
Oh absolutely! After last year, when we covered the fallout of the EU referendum, I did not think that things could get crazier, but they definitely have done. Politics worldwide have been moving so quickly and it has been a really exciting challenge to try and keep up with that. What has been particularly interesting is just how political the news has been over the past twelve months and therefore how engaged the public is with it. It means we can be much more hard-hitting in our satire because people are so clued-in.
Can you drop any hints as to what might appear in the show?
Ah, well, – I do not want to give too much away! You can expect to see a fair few world leaders, that's for sure. And of course there's the elephant in the room – whether we'll touch on the terror attacks that the UK has seen this year…All I'll say is that anything could appear in NewsRevue.
The cast, director and musical director change every six weeks, and is always two men and two women. Why do you do this and why do you feel that it is important?
The cast and creatives change every six weeks in London in order to keep things fresh and moving. It is important for the show to move with the times and the best way to do this is to have new brains working on it all the time. I think it is important that the show does not lose its identity though, so we do try to keep the format the same. We are definitely pushing the boundaries this year in terms of the content of the show but, as the world's longest running live comedy show, audiences know what they want to see when they're at NewsRevue.
What was last year like for you, directing the show? Was it your first time directing NewsRevue?
I had already directed the show in London a couple of times, which is the norm for directors working on the Edinburgh show. It really is it's own beast in terms of directing jobs, so the producers usually want directors to get their heads around it and earn their stripes before directing it on the much larger scale that is Edinburgh. Nonetheless, it was definitely daunting working on the Edinburgh show last year, especially because the political landscape was changing so dramatically and so quickly in the weeks running up to the Festival. But it's never straightforward with NewsRevue – this year's news hasn't exactly been easy to tackle either.
How long have you been involved with the show, in any way?
I actually interned at the show's London home, Canal Café Theatre, when I was still at university. I think that was back in 2010. I remember helping out on that year's Edinburgh show, as they were preparing to head up to the Festival. That was the first NewsRevue I ever saw.
Just how difficult is it to become part of the NewsRevue team? What process did you have to go through?
The casting process is very rigorous. The Edinburgh cast is selected from the past year's London casts. So having performed in a London run, the producers' favourite actors are invited to audition for the Festival show. It's quite full-on. On the other hand, I went for a gin and tonic with one of the producers and here I am again.
What do you think of the Pleasance as a venue?
The Pleasance is a great venue – perfect for NewsRevue. It really is the hub for comedy at the Festival and it is a lovely place to perform for a month. The staff have been wonderful too.
How long have you been preparing for the Fringe this year
Well, I was asked to direct the Edinburgh show again this year in March and from then on I watched the London show around once a fortnight to scout for material that could work up in Edinburgh. The producers are on the hunt for songs and sketches all year round though. We started rehearsing in June and have been previewing in London and tweaking the show since then. It is a fairly long process to get the show Edinburgh ready.
In three words, how would you NOT describe your show?
Cowardly, Tame, Slow
NewsRevue 2017
Pleasance Courtyard
Until the 28th August (not the 15th).
Buy tickets here
Image: Alex Brenner
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May arrive for a statement prior to a meeting at the chancellery in Berlin, Germany, November 18, 2016. REUTERS/Michael Sohn/Pool
BERLIN Negotiations about a future free trade agreement between Britain and the European Union can take place only after the contours of the Brexit divorce talks are clear, a spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday.
Steffen Seibert said Merkel had noted the close relationship between Britain and the EU, adding "in the negotiations it must first be clarified how this interconnection is orderly unbundled."
He told a regular government news conference that Germany would look carefully at the EU's draft on how the bloc's remaining 27 members want to negotiate Brexit.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Paul Carrel)
Marcus Law has admitted Kettering Town are a “million miles away” from what was expected of them at the start of the season.
The Poppies have endured a poor first half of the season in the Evo-Stik Southern League Premier Division, having been unable to build on their charge towards the play-off places in the last campaign which fell just short.
With the club's hierarchy expecting a promotion challenge this time around, they have so far been left unfulfilled with Law's men sitting in 10th place after an inconsistent first four months.
They are 12 points off the play-off places with any hope of a burst towards the top five already fading.
And Law knows he will have “failed” if he is unable to deliver something spectacular in the last four months of the season.
“We need to do better in 2017 than we did in 2016,” the Poppies boss said.
“We are not a million miles away in terms of performance but we are a million miles away from where we have planned and expected to be.
“Once the remit has not been achieved then obviously I would have failed to do what I set out to do.
“People are making decisions after certain results now and I can totally understand that.
“But there are opponents out there trying to stop us every week from doing something.”
The Poppies' first match of the new year is at strugglers Cambridge City, who play at St Ives Town's home ground, this afternoon Monday, 3pm).
Cambridge are battling to avoid the drop but have improved under new manager Robbie Nightingale in recent weeks.
But Law is hoping his team can replicate their last performance on St Ives' pitch, which saw them beat the Saints 7-0 at the start of November.
“Cambridge are scrapping, they have brought a new manager and players in,” he added.
“It won't be easy, the pitch and conditions will make it hard for both teams.
“Will it be a spectacle? Probably not but that ground has been kind to us. We have enjoyed going there and hopefully that carries on into what is a big January for us.”
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bed Safe Rail Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Strander, Able Life, Drive, Signature Life, Medline, Carex, Slantrail, Complete Medical, PMI, Freedom, Smart-Rail.
The report begins with introducing the global Bed Safe Rail market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bed Safe Rail report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bed-safe-rail-market/5890/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bed Safe Rail Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Adjustable, Assist, Portable, Others.
Bed Safe Rail Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospital, Senior Care Center, Home Care.
Key points in the Bed Safe Rail Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bed-safe-rail-market/5890/#inquiry
From all of this Bed Safe Rail market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bed Safe Rail market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Bed Safe Rail distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Virginia is set to end a yearslong partisan battle and expand Medicaid after the state Senate voted Wednesday to approve a budget that expands the program's eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
The Senate passed Medicaid expansion by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage.
The budget still needs final approval from the House and Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. But that's expected to happen with little difficulty.
Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion, according to a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Advertisement
Wednesday's vote marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced his support for expansion on the Senate floor. He said his rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia," said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act advanced by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid, saying their state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
President Donald Trump has sought to negate his predecessor's health law — but ironically, his administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people. Obama's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections. Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave last year, as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans are eager to take the issue off the table for next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Annual U.S.-South Korean military drills that infuriate North Korea will begin on April 1, the allies said Tuesday, but they will likely be more low-key than past years ahead of two highly anticipated summits among the countries' leaders.
This year's drills were postponed during the Pyeongchang Olympics, which saw rare cooperative steps between the rival Koreas after months of confrontation over the North's weapons programs. North Korea considers the exercises an invasion rehearsal and often conducts weapons tests in protest.
After post-Olympics talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, South Korean officials said Kim indicated he would accept the maneuvers. Kim also offered to meet personally with President Donald Trump to discuss giving up his nuclear weapons on unspecified terms, and Trump quickly agreed to meet Kim by the end of May. Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in are to meet separately in late April.
In a brief statement, the Pentagon said Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and his South Korean counterpart, Song Young-moo, agreed to go forward with the two sets of exercises, known as Foal Eagle and Key Resolve, "at a scale similar to" that of previous years. North Korea has been notified of the schedule "as well as the defensive nature" of the exercises, the Pentagon said.
Advertisement
South Korea's Defense Ministry released a near-identical statement.
A ministry official, speaking on condition of anonymity because of department rules, said there are no immediate plans to bring in American strategic assets such as aircraft carriers, nuclear-powered submarines or supersonic B-1B bombers during this spring's training. The United States sent such assets during past drills when tensions ran high.
The exercises begin with Foal Eagle, a field training drill that will last about four weeks, compared with its typical two-month run. The other drill, known as Key Resolve, is a computer-simulated command post exercise and is scheduled to start around the middle of April for a usual two-week run, the South Korean official said.
"These are low-key drills. Now it's a dialogue mode so they are trying to keep pace with that," said Choi Kang, vice president of Seoul's Asan Institute for Policy Studies.
Choi said North Korea may respond by issuing a relatively mild diatribe but will likely avoid conducting weapons tests that could disrupt its recent outreach to Washington and Seoul.
The timing and size of the annual maneuvers are especially sensitive this year because of heightened worry over the North's accelerated work last year on a nuclear-armed missile potentially capable of reaching the United States. This was followed, unexpectedly, by prospects for a diplomatic solution to the nuclear crisis.
"To avoid compromising exercise objectives, specifics regarding the exercise scenarios will not be discussed," said a Pentagon spokesman, Marine Lt. Col. Christopher Logan. He said the purpose is to enhance the ability of the U.S.-South Korean alliance to defend South Korean territory.
The planned summit meetings have raised hopes for a potential breakthrough in the North Korean nuclear crisis. But many experts say tensions will flare again if the summits fail to make any progress and leave the nuclear issue with few diplomatic options.
A main sticking point in U.S.-North Korea talks would be what nuclear disarmament steps Kim would promise in return for what concessions from the United States and whether Trump would accept them.
___
Burns reported from Washington.
BUCHAREST May 2 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Romanian financial markets on Tuesday.
DATA
Romania's national statistics board to release March producer prices and unemployment data at 0600 GMT.
The central bank will release FX reserves data for April.
CEE MARKETS
Croatia's kuna pulled back from three-month lows on Friday, as a seasonal lift in tourism revenues and a rise in risk appetite outweighed fears over the future of the coalition government.
RUSSIA
A U.S. deployment of ballistic missile defence systems in Romania and plans to place more defence systems in Poland violate an existing arms treaty, Russia's foreign ministry said in a statement on Saturday.
For the long-term Romanian diary, click on
For emerging markets economic events, click on
For an index of all diaries, click on
For other related news, double-click on: --------------------------------------------------------------- Romanian equities RO-E E.Europe equities .CEE Romanian money RO-M Romanian debt RO-D Eastern Europe EEU All emerging markets EMRG Hot stocks Stock markets STX Market debt news DBT Forex news FRX For real-time index quotes, double-click on: Bucharest BETI Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX --------------------------------------------------------
May 2 black-and-white Capital
* black-and-white capital calls for change at Etsy
* Identifies a number of critical operational and governance flaws that require immediate improvement in Etsy
* Says necessity of exploring strategic alternatives in order to maximize value for all shareholders
* Sees company's intrinsic value approaching $30 per share with operational improvements
* Says for past several months, black-and-white has attempted to engage in a private dialogue with Etsy's board
* Believes it is board's fiduciary duty to immediately consider all strategic alternatives available, including possible sale of entire co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Trump's "big mouth" creates volatility - analyst
* Nikkei has fallen 4 pct since beginning of 2017
By Ayai Tomisawa
TOKYO, April 13 Japanese stocks posted fresh four-month lows on Thursday morning as the yen spiked against the dollar after U.S. President Donald Trump said the U.S currency was too strong, hitting automakers and tech shares hard.
The Nikkei 225 share average dropped 1.0 percent to 18,360.08 in midmorning trade, hitting as low as 18,304.72 earlier, the lowest level since Dec. 5.
The greenback took a heavy hit after Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the dollar "is getting too strong" and that he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low.
This week, Japanese stocks have already been hammered by escalated geopolitical concerns. Rising U.S. tensions with Russia, North Korea and Syria after U.S missile strikes in Syria last week and the moving of U.S. warships toward the Korean Peninsula have kept investors cautious.
The Nikkei has fallen 4.0 percent since the beginning of the year.
On Wednesday, Trump also said that his administration will not label China a currency manipulator, backing away from a campaign promise.
"Trump's big mouth...is creating volatility in the market," said Norihiro Fujito, a senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities, adding that short-term hedge funds might welcome the volatility, but a lot of other investors are cautious.
Eyes are also on next week's Japan-U.S. meeting led by Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and Vice President Mike Pence to discuss economic relations.
On Thursday, the Asahi Shimbun reported that the United States is pushing for trade to be a key issue in top-level economic talks with Japan.
The newspaper said that Washington's demand, made last week, did not specify any trade areas for discussion, but reported that a U.S. government source said the Trump administration mainly wants to discuss cars and agriculture.
Thursday's big losers included automakers, with Toyota Motor Corp shedding 1.6 percent, Mazda Motor Corp stumbling 2.6 percent and Subaru Corp declining 1.2 percent.
As the dollar hit a five-month low of 108.920 yen, other exporters were also battered on worries that the strong yen would hurt their earnings. Meanwhile, the latest Bank Of Japan tankan survey showed that big manufacturers expect the dollar to average 108.43 yen for this fiscal year.
Chip equipment makers, which had outperformed lately, languished. Advantest Corp dived 4.1 percent, while Tokyo Electron shed 2.8 percent.
Financial stocks, which hunt for high-yielding products, also lost ground after Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields at one point dropped 2.259 percent overnight, which was the lowest since Nov. 17.
Dai-ichi Life Holdings tumbled 2.8 percent, T&D Holdings slipped 2.7 percent and Mizuho Financial Group declined 1.6 percent.
The broader Topix fell 1.1 percent to 1,462.60 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 was down 1.2 percent to 13,114.20.
(Editing by Sam Holmes)
Presented by long-standing Harrogate independent music promoters Charm, Litany will be coming home to headline the show at Bilton WMC this Wednesday night.
This alternative-electronic pop duo have enjoyed a fantastic last two years.
BBC Radio 1 favourites, Litany's early single Woman, in collaboration with Chicago-based rapper Appleby, earned them a Number 1 spot on The Hype Machine, followed by Work This Out which hit more than two million streams on Spotify.
Earlier this year, Litany's debut EP 4 Track featuring the wonderful Bedroom made a similarly big impression while the band's music has also graced the soundtrack for TV show Made In Chelsea as well.
Sadly the original support act Scott Quinn has now got a London engagement.
But providing support will be Isaac Tyler, a superb singer-songwriter influenced by Damien Rice and Jeff Buckley.
Beth said: “We've worked hard to be a good pop writer. We've had the best year ever and we can't wait to play in Harrogate.”
Boasting an irresistible musical mix of intelligence, emotion and melody, Litany founders Beth and Jake, both 23, have recently headlined gigs in front of audiences of hundreds on London and enjoyed their first taste of Litany fan mania.
Beth said: “We sold out our last show in London but there was so much going on and my voice was going a bit.
“We were excited but nervous. Scott Quinn was there, too, which was great.
“We needn't have worried. The whole crowd was singing all the songs. It was crazy.”
Often compared to London Grammar, Beth and Jake formed the first version of the band as 18-year-olds; Beth went to Harrogate Grammar School while Jake went to Harrogate Grammar School and St Aidan's High School.
They say they became “reborn” as a band when they wrote the track Slopes; it changed them and revived them at just the right time.
Their well-crafted songs are true works of collaboration – Jake is the wordsmith, Beth the melody, though they tend to bounce ideas off each other both ways.
A fan of The Beatles, Animal Collective and Radiohead, Jake is more leftfield and a fan of the production side.
Beth, on the other hand, loves strong female vocalists such as Betty Wright and Jesse Ware.
The melody on wonderful songs such as Bedroom tends to come first and the words are added afterwards.
The duo take care to make the words snake along the tune to perfection with intelligence and subtly.
Sophisticated on their record releases, live the sheer power and emotion of Beth's voice comes through more on stage.
Whether that side of her is developed more next year when the hard-working and talented Litany already have a busy schedule of new releases and live dates planned which should see the duo playing the festival circuit is another matter.
But the crowd at their Charm Night show at Bilton WMC will get the full picture when the full line-up of Litany perform - that's Beth (vocals) and Jake (keyboards and guitar) joined by Hugh MacDermott (bass and keyboards) and Michael Turnbull (drums).
Charm presents Litany at Bilton WMC on Wednesday, December 13 at 7.30pm.
Tickets are available at the Harrogate Theatre box office online or in person or on the door.
April 28 Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals provides corporate update and reports first quarter 2017 financial and operational results
* Q1 loss per share $0.69
* Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals Inc - cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $21.1 million as of March 31, 2017
* Spring Bank Pharma - anticipates existing cash, cash equivalents will enable it to fund operating expenses and capex requirements into Q3 of 2018
* Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals - remains on track and anticipates reporting top-line results from SB 9200 25mg monotherapy dosing cohort in Q2 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
BRUSSELS, April 12 International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde on Wednesday said Greece is heading in the right direction on reforms but talks on its bailout and the IMF's potential role in it are "only halfway through".
Lagarde, speaking in Brussels ahead of next week's IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington, said the IMF is still considering whether to join the Greek bailout, but "we are not there yet", she said. (Reporting by Francesco Guarascio; @fraguarascio; Editing Alissa de Carbonnel)
Andy Peaks is already looking forward to AFC Rushden & Diamonds hitting the road for the first time this season tomorrow (Tuesday) night.
Diamonds opened their Evo-Stik South League East campaign with a 2-0 victory over Hanwell Town as life at Hayden Road began on a winning note.
They are now gearing up for a midweek trip to Thame United before a much shorter journey to take on Wellingborough Town in the preliminary round of the Emirates FA Cup follows on next weekend.
And boss Peaks said: “We are back into it now, we have been waiting for six weeks and pre-season can always be a bit false so we are up and running.
“We started with a win and now we build for Tuesday, it will be another tough game away from home.
“The games come thick and fast at this time of year and now I am looking forward to the next one.”
Diamonds received a further boost after the game on Saturday after it was confirmed that winger Luke Fairlamb has now signed a contract with the club for the season.
The 24-year-old was highly impressive during pre-season and performed well again at the weekend.
And Peaks added: “Luke has been great in pre-season, and anyone who has watched him can see he has huge potential.
“I am delighted we have reached an agreement for him to sign a contract for this season, and it's further evidence of the club matching my ambitions.
“I look forward to Luke playing a crucial part in the club's season”
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Summer tends to mean a lot more fresh food in our diets as we enjoy salads and fruit rather than the hearty, stodgy dishes that see us through winter.
But warmer weather also means meat and produce doesn't last as long before it goes off.
And in this heatwave, that's truer than ever.
So you're probably stacking the fridge to the top and even turning it down to a lower temperature just to stop the weekly shopping from wilting and ending up in the bin.
But what exactly should be kept in the fridge? It might be the default option for storing anything that's fresh or has already been opened, but is it always the right place?
(Image: Bill Ling)
MoneySavingExpert Martin Lewis has already given his view on how to stop food waste but the debate rages on.
The fridge is a very complicated and confusing place to store our favourite food items…apparently.
And among the usual discussions surrounding bread, eggs and bananas, a new breed of millennial probllems has arisen.
Thousands of us take to Google every day to clear up the confusion around such items as avocados, overnight oats and soya milk.
Wren Kitchens asked Will Hawkins, Registered Nutritionist at Push Doctor, to shed some light on these common queries.
Items you should NEVER put in the fridge
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
39 delicious restaurants and cafes you must try in the Jewellery Quarter
Berries
Berries are actually much better when kept out of the fridge – the moisture is not good for them and you'll notice they last much longer when kept in a cool, dry place instead.
Nut butters
There's no need to keep peanut butter in the fridge unless you're not going to eat it within three months (but who can restrain themselves that long?) If you do plan on leaving it longer than three months, put it in the fridge to stop the oils from separating and becoming rancid.
Tomatoes
The cold temperature of the fridge causes tomatoes to lose their flavour and also alters the texture, giving the surface a wrinkled, pitted effect.
Garlic and onions
Alliums such as garlic, onions and shallots are more susceptible to mould when stored in the fridge, and can turn rubbery. Instead, keep them in a cool, dry cupboard.
Opened tins
Although it is highly unlikely that it will harm you, when tins are opened and introduced to oxygen, the metal can transfer to the food and make it taste tinny.
Cold leftovers
Illness-causing bacteria can grow in perishable foods within two hours if not refrigerated, so don't allow your leftovers to cool down completely (or for a long time) before putting them in the fridge.
Bread
Bread is best stored at room temperature. If put in the fridge, it will dry out and become stale much faster.
Avocados
'Crisp crisis' set to hit Britain as crops left damaged by ongoing heatwave
This green superfood was one of the fastest-growing grocery products last year with sales up nearly £30million, and everyone beside themselves when faced with a possible global shortage in early 2017.
But the bigger dilemma begins with the fridge. Do avocados go in the fridge? When do we put them in there? How long can we keep them in there?...the list is endless.
Will Hawkins said: "It's best to plan ahead and buy avocados a day or two in advance of when you plan to use them, so they have time to ripen properly
"Most importantly, do not refrigerate your avocados, at least not initially.
"Once picked from the tree, avocados, much like bananas, produce ethylene, which triggers the ripening process. The optimal temperature for this is 68°F/20°C. Fresh-picked avocados should ripen under these conditions within three to six days. When ripe, the avocado should yield gently to pressure, but not be squishy."
He added: "If you want to accelerate the ripening process, place the avocados in a paper bag. This concentrates the ethylene gas. If you add other fruits, such as bananas and apples, they will all ripen more quickly together.
"Once an avocado is ripe, you can hold it in that state longer by placing it in the refrigerator. While this will not halt the ripening process altogether, it will delay it greatly.
"Similarly, if you have a lot of avocados and want them to ripen at different times, you can keep them in the refrigerator until a couple days before you want them to ripen ."
And he warned: "Cut avocados oxidise quickly and turn brown. While this does not impact the edibility of the fruit, it is aesthetically unpleasant.
"To save a cut avocado, brush the exposed flesh with lemon juice, cover with cling wrap, and refrigerate. The acidity of the lemon juice helps stop oxidation, as does limiting the amount of oxygen that comes into contact with the flesh."
Things which should go in fridge - and for how long
Eggs
According to food safety officials, raw eggs in the shell can be kept in the refrigerator for three to five weeks. But put them at the back where the temperature is more constant.
If stored in the door, the variations in temperature caused by the door being opened and closed will make them go off quicker.
Bananas
Bananas can be stored in the salad drawer of your fridge when they are fully ripe. Refrigeration slows the ripening process. The skin will still turn brown but the fruit inside will stay fresh and firm for up to two weeks.
However, if you put green bananas in the fridge, they won't ripen at all.
Rice
Cooked rice will last for three to six days if stored in the fridge. It needs to be put in there as soon as possible after cooking, within four hours maximum, to slow the growth of bacteria.
Soya milk
The dairy alternative and free-from markets are one of the fastest growing globally with soy-based food and drink company Alpro recording a 14pc increase in UK sales (£22.3m) alone last year.
The real confusion on this one starts at the supermarket, where you can often find soy milk and other dairy alternatives on both the chilled aisle and the normal shelves. So where should you store it?
Hawkins explains: "To maximize the shelf of opened soy milk, do not store it on the fridge door, as the temperature is too warm - the opened soy milk will last longer when stored in the main body of the refrigerator, in its original package."
Overnight Oats
Brits warned over halloumi shortage - and some are 'heartbroken'
With the help of health influencers like The Body Coach, overnight oats have become one the trendiest breakfast items around.
You simply mix oats and milk (and can also add fruit, yogurt, nuts or other tasty ingredients) and leave in a jar in the fridge overnight. No cooking is needed.
But how long will your overnight oats stay fresh in the fridge? Should you be making a tub every evening or can you batch prepare them for a full week?
"Overnight oats can be stored in an airtight container for up to five days in the refrigerator", said Will. The caveat is that they'll continue to soften the longer they sit — which might be a bonus if you like your oatmeal on the super-creamy side.
"They're definitely best on day one and two, when they are soft but still have retained some of that toothsome chew, but five days is the max.”
The operator of Thameslink trains has apologised to passengers for disruption since a new timetable was introduced last week.
Govia Thameslink Railway, which also runs Southern, Gatwick Express and Great Northern services, introduced the changes on May 20 which were billed as adding almost an extra 400 trains across the network a day.
However a number of Thameslink services have been cancelled and GTR has introduced short-term timetable amendments meaning fewer trains are able to run across the Thameslink and Great Northern networks.
In a statement on its website GTR said: “We apologise to passengers for the continued disruption linked to the introduction of the new timetable.
“We are working on a recovery plan with rail industry partners.
“Meanwhile, as late notice changes continue to be made, we ask passengers to check train times on the day of travel using our service updates page. We expect disruption to ease over the coming month.”
In a letter to MPs, Transport Secretary Chris Grayling criticised the ‘wholly unsatisfactory levels of disruption on rail services following the huge timetable change last week'.
He said: “I am frustrated that what should have been a good news story for passengers, with the introduction of new services, new routes and expanded capacity has had such a poor start.
“The industry collectively has failed passengers.”
He added: “We were aware that there might be some disruption in the early days of any new timetable change of this size, but the scale of the problem has far outstripped any expectation.
“I am determined both that the problems are dealt with as quickly as possible, and that this is not repeated in the future.”
Have you been affected by cancellations and changes? Email the newsdesk.
To check for train times visit Thameslink's website.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Mobile Encoder to be shown by Quicklink at IBC 2017
End
-- At IBC 2017, Quicklink, one of the leading global providers for software and hardware IP solutions, will showcase their Quicklink Mobile Encoder solution on stand 3.B30. The Mobile Encoder is designed for performance and portability and transmits broadcast quality, low latency live video over IP from the most challenging network locations.The Mobile Encoder has the ability to bond multiple internet connections in order to improve the speed and reliability of the internet connection, meaning excellent results can be achieved from a variety of networks. The encoder can simultaneously bond 15+ connections including Wi-Fi, USB and Satellite to create the most consistent and reliable connection.The Mobile Encoder has recently been used by Geo News for UK Election 2017 coverage. The encoder was used to broadcast live from London, United Kingdom to their head-office in Karachi, Pakistan. While filming in London, Geo News experienced challenging weather and heavy rain, however this did not affect the live transmission and the Mobile Encoder worked flawlessly." –Along with the Mobile Encoder, Quicklink will also be showing the new Remote Communicator, Quicklink TX and Quicklink Playout Servers.The Quicklink TX Mobile Encoder will be showcased at IBC 2017, RAI Amsterdam (Hall 3, stand B30) from 15-19 September. Visit the Quicklink stand to see the solution in action.For more information regarding Quicklink Mobile Encoder and other Quicklink solutions, speak to a member of the sales department on +44 1792 720880 or email sales@quicklink.tv . Alternatively, visit the Quicklink website ( http://www.quicklink.tv/ ).Quicklink are one of the leading global provider for cost effective, high quality broadcast solutions in the fields of news, sport, entertainment and corporate media. Quicklink provides over 400 TV stations with software and hardware IP solutions for the transmission of live and edited video. Quicklink's solutions are the best available for achieving superb video and audio quality from low speed connections up to high speed HD. IEC Telecom Group is a strategic investor in Quicklink. The IEC Telecom Group is a satellite Communications Official International Service Provider for Thuraya, Inmarsat, Iridium Networks and Vsat. www.quicklink.tv
MILAN, April 28 Pirelli has accelerated its plans to relist on a stock exchange, pushing for an initial public offering from the fourth quarter of this year, the Italian tyremaker said on Friday.
The company had planned to list by the first half of next year.
"The decision was taken in light of the positive results achieved by the company, the implemented focus on the consumer business – which makes Pirelli the sole 'pure consumer tyre player' in the segment – and the present favorable market dynamics," it said in a statement.
The company was delisted from the Milan bourse in 2015, where its shares had traded since 1922, following a mandatory offer launched by an investment vehicle controlled by China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina).
Pirelli is expected to be re-listed in Milan or on a leading international stock exchanges, the company said. (Reporting by Agnieszka Flak; Editing Mark Bendeich)
Last week Betsy DeVos was confirmed by the U.S. Senate as the new Secretary of Education but the equivalent position for the state of Wisconsin is up for election this spring.
On Feb. 21, candidates will fight for the top two spots to be in the general election in April.
There are three main candidates running for office. The incumbent, Tony Evers, John Humphries and Lowell Holtz.
Tony Evers has been the Wisconsin State Superintendent of Public Instruction since 2009.
Four years ago Evers won his reelection by approximately 23 points. Now, four years later, he faces tough opposition.
Humphries, a UW-Madison alumnus, has worked in a variety of schools and wants a fresh voice that will bring change and accountability.
Throughout his campaign, Humphries has been a strong critic of Tony Evers' time in charge.
“It's time for Tony Evers to be held accountable for statewide outcomes,” Humphries wrote Jan. 12 in a Facebook post.
“We've dropped from a top 10 state in elementary reading to 30th in the nation under his watch while other states have made substantial gains.”
Despite what Humphries claims, this is actually objectively false.
WI has dropped in reading since 1998, but not under Evers' watch. Unless you consider “under Evers” to begin in 2001.
Lowell Holtz has been an elementary school teacher, principal and district administrator.
Holtz has been a strong advocate for DeVos as the national version of the job he is running for, as shown in the chart below.
The biggest change Holtz wants to bring to school children and their parents is school choice.
School choice has been a controversial issue throughout the country, it would allow parents to send their kids to whatever school they choose no matter their location.
Tony Evers has the biggest contrast to Humphries and Holtz, who mostly share the same values.
Evers has been caught in multiple flip flop moments with his stances on Common Core, private school vouchers and school choice.
Common Core has been opposed on all sides of the political spectrum but Evers is still campaigning on it's continued implication for public schools.
Out of all the candidates running for State Superintendent, Evers is the only one who has spoken out against DeVos for Education Secretary.
The primary election is held next Tuesday Feb. 21. Polling locations can be found by going to the website myvote.wi.gov.
Bellow is a chart depicting various stances of each candidate as they run for the position. The final election will be held on Apr. 4.
Candidates: Tony Evers John Humphries Lowell Holtz School Choice No Support Support Common Core Support No No Teacher's Unions Support No No Private School Vouchers No Support Support Betsy DeVos No Support Support
Wesley Hortenbach
Reporter
Whort350@uwsp.edu
BERLIN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel said her conservatives and their Social Democrat would-be German coalition partners still have a lot of work to do to overcome differences on a range of policy issues.
“There are still a whole range of points on which we are at odds,” Merkel told reporters on arrival for negotiations on Friday. “We have good will to overcome them, but there is still a lot of work ahead for us.” (Reporting by Paul Carrel, editing by Thomas Escritt)
Please obey all laws of physics while driving
For a certain breed of car lover, today is a red letter day. Yes, at long last, the coveted “Honda Civic Type R” is finally available to American fans of the “hot hatch,” or performance hatchback. While most of us think of Honda Civic hatchbacks as that first car for college grads and urban dwellers, the “Type R” variant – which has only been available in non-US markets until now – is a unicorn for street racers – er, we mean, “performance drivers.”
The new Honda hot rod doesn't exactly look like it's more demure siblings, either: lots of ducts, splitters, wings and other go-fast bits make it hard to miss. Under the hood is a 306-horsepower four-banger, and the handling has been tweaked as well. It seems to have worked, as the Type R set a record for the fastest lap around the Nurburgring for a front-wheel drive machine – and probably for a hatchback as well.
While we didn't get to circle the famed German racing circuit in the car, we did get in some track time stateside, and even drove it to the grocery store for the heck of it. Check out our full review right here.
Mario gets Rabbid and ridiculous
E3 is in full swing in Los Angeles, and DT gaming team leader Brad Bourque and crew are on the scene, playing every new game they can get their twitching mitts on.
One of the most unusual new entries: a mashup of Mario and. the Rabbids. Or… the Rabbids dressed as a number of characters from Mario. Whatever. Oh, and weapons. Lots of weapons. Hey, what could go wrong? Hopefully, everything. The game is called Mario + Rabbids: Kingdom Battle and its packing about as much lunacy as you can imagine. Players roam the Mario playverse looking to repair the rip in Mario/Rabbids space-time, and …. well, there's that and more.
No one ever said video games can't be filled with kooky cross-game silliness, and frankly, the world is a better place for it. Kingdom Battle is set to arrive on August 29th.
June, July, August, September…
Apple has its work cut out for it when it comes to the next iPhone, and Consumer Reports has hopefully given them even more reason to get it right.
A new review for the Samsung Galaxy S8 has placed it above the typically top-rated iPhone. Consumer Reports noted the S8's display quality and edge-to-edge format, low-light photo abilities, waterproofing, and the overall design of the handset. In the not-so-good part of the review, they knocked the performance of Bixby and the high price, which can top $1,000 for the 256gb S8 Plus variant.
Apple is expected to reveal at least three and perhaps four iPhones in September, including a halo phone called the “iPhone Edition” that may feature a slate of cutting-edge design and tech features that will hopefully raise the bar once again. You can read the rest of the Consumer Reports review of the S8 at this link.
We've got more news on our Facebook page and YouTube channel, and be sure to tune in to this week's DT podcasts: Close to the Metal (computers and such) on Tuesday, Trends with Benefits (general tech shenanigans) on Thursdays, and Between the Streams (movie and TV topics) every Friday.
Increase in credit applications bucks seasonal trend
Credit applications increased across all lending activities during the final quarter of 2016, bucking the seasonal credit cycle trend that typically sees credit demand fall toward the end of the year, and signalling what some analysts describe as a healthier outlook for the financial sector.
According to data released yesterday by the Credit Bureau Cambodia (CBC) for the fourth quarter of 2016, overall credit applications – which include personal finance, credit cards and mortgages – increased by 13 percent, compared to an 11 percent decrease during the same period in 2015. This is the second quarter in a row that credit applications were in positive territory, with the third quarter reporting an overall 24 percent growth across all lending products.
The fourth quarter growth was driven an increase of credit card applications, which grew by 17 percent, followed by mortgage applications at 16 percent, and personal finance at 13 percent.
“When seen from a yearly perspective, quarters 2 and 4 usually observe a decrease in credit applications,” the report said. “This year, applications kept increasing with an equal growth between all three types of credit applications.”
The report added that the number of credit accounts also increased in every quarter of 2016, surging 11.4 percent in the first quarter and tapering off to a more stable 1.8 percent by the final quarter.
The total number of consumer loans was recorded at 679,000, comprised mainly of personal finance, with total outstanding loan balances by financial institutions standing at $3.16 billion by the end of the year.
Bun Mony, board chairman of newly formed microlender Vithey Microfinance Plc, said that while credit application cycles generally correlate to seasonal agrarian demand and holiday clusters, the overall increase in credit applications was indicative of a more stable lending environment.
“I feel that compared to 2015, last year's numbers are a healthy indicator that lending is starting to become more mature,” he said. “In 2015 and into 2016 the economy was not in good shape and this could show that agriculture was on a better footing.”
Oeur Sothearoath, CBC's interim chief executive, said that while the credit cycles have largely followed suit with quarter-over-quarter swings that fluctuate between negative and positive demand, overall credit applications grew by 29 percent in number and 32 percent in value last year.
“A slight slowdown was expected for the last quarter of the year as there was a general slowdown in the industry and also fewer activities in the market as well,” he said. “However, the general trend is that credit demand continues to increase.”
Correction: The total number of consumer loans reached 679,000 by the end of last year and was misinterpreted as being the total monetary value of consumer loans. The Post apologizes for any confusion.
HONG KONG, March 28 Credit Suisse will make a decision on its capital raising plans "as soon as possible," its chief executive said on Tuesday, without giving specific details on the timing or the type of fund-raising.
Thiam, who joined Credit Suisse from British insurer Prudential in mid 2015, gave the comments at a news conference in Hong Kong, where he was present for an investment conference.
($1 = 0.9855 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Writing by Anshuman Daga; Editing by Stephen Coates)
The scoreboard at Stub Hub Center displays the 2028 Olympic Games for Los Angeles after the mayor announced an agreement for the city of Los Angeles to host the 2028 Olympic Games from Carson, California U.S. July 31, 2017.
Listen to this week's Keeping Score podcast:
A wrap-up of this week's sports news:
Ezekiel Elliott suspended: The NFL handed a six-game suspension to Dallas Cowboys star running back Ezekiel Elliott after his former girlfriend accused him of domestic assault. The suspension is part of the league's new policy on domestic violence.
California love: The Los Angeles City Council unanimously voted to move ahead with plans for L.A. to host the 2028 Summer Olympics. A potential contract with the International Olympic Committee includes a $2 billion contribution from the games' governing body.
Getting punchy: Undefeated boxer Floyd Mayweather continued his war of words with Conor McGregor this week, ahead of their planned multi-million dollar fight in Las Vegas on August 26. "He's looking forward to getting out there and ending the fight early. I'm looking forward to going out there and ending the fight early. It won't go the distance," Mayweather said.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
AngularJS has entered a three year Long Term Support period as of July 1. According to Angular, all AngularJS applications that currently work will continue to work in the future. Additionally, all published versions of AngularJS will still be available.
The AngularJS team stated that their data indicates most AngularJS developers do not adopt the latest version updates to transitioning with be inconsequential to them.
As part of being in Long Term Support, the Angular teams will focus exclusively on fixing bugs that meets at least one of these criteria: 1) A security flaw is detected in the 1.7.x branch of the framework, 2) one of the major browsers releases a version that will cause production applications using AngularJS 1.7.x to stop working, or 3) the jQuery library releases a version that will cause current production applications using AngularJS 1.7.x to stop working.
Tim Berners-Lee wants to take back the Web from corporations
Tim Berners-Lee, creator of the World Wide Web has been trying to protect it since he created it, he revealed in an interview with Vanity Fair. According to the interview, he has always been conscious of the fact that his invention could become a “destroyer of worlds.”
Berners-Lee has been working on a new software called Solid intended to reclaim the Web from corporations and return it to its democratic roots, he stated.
“We demonstrated that the Web had failed instead of served humanity, as it was supposed to have done, and failed in many places,” Berners-Lee said in the interview with Vanity Fair. “The increasing centralization of the Web, he says, has “ended up producing—with no deliberate action of the people who designed the platform—a large-scale emergent phenomenon which is anti-human.”
Apache CloudStack 4.11.1.0 has been released
The Apache CloudStack project has announced the release of CloudStack 4.11.1.0 as part of its LTS 4.11.x releases.
This release contains over 140 fixes and improvements to the 4.11.0.0 release, such as speeding up virtual router deployments, fixes for corner cases, and some hypervisor specific fixes to improve compatibility with current hypervisor versions.
Facebook announces new API restrictions
Facebook has announced new API restrictions it will be enforcing to protect user's information. It has deprecated the Graph API Explorer App, which allowed developers to run test queries. Now developers will need to use their own apps' access tokens in order to do test queries.
It will be deprecating the Profile Expression Kit, which allows developers to enable users to share photos and videos created in their apps as profile pictures and videos. It will be limiting the Media Solutions family of APIs to page content and public posts on certain verified profiles. It will also be deprecating the Topic Search, Topic Insights, Topic Feed, and Public Figure APIs due to low usage.
End
-- PUSHR CDN, a content delivery network for video and software acceleration with points of presence in Europe and North America, today announced the integration of automatic SSL certificates by the free and open certificate authority Let's Encrypt.The move is part of the strategy of the young company to provide a one-stop shop for the needs of mobile app developers, start ups, small and medium businesses that require high speed delivery of their video, audio and software to customers across Europe and North America."Secure sockets layer (SSL) has become an important part of every website, service or application not only because it guarantees the security of the communication between all involved parties, but also because HTTPS is now used as a ranking signal by Google. Let's Encrypt's technology allowed us to automate the way certificates are being issued and to make SSL available via a single click in our web dashboard. This ensures the integrity of data transmission over our network and provides SEO benefits for our customers." said Victor Rashkov, founder and CEO of Net Stack Ltd, the company behind the young CDN platform.The company hints that it is working on a number of new features and security enhancements to provide even further ease of use of it's service and to compliment the recent addition of automatic SSL certificates.For more information, please visit PUSHR's website: https://www.pushrcdn.com About Net StackNet Stack Ltd provides a wide range of services in the IT industry to individuals, small and medium sized businesses. Headquartered in Sofia, Bulgaria, the company's services run from data centers in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and Denver, Colorado, US to serve customers from around the world in a cost effective, fast and reliable manner.
PEMBROKE PARK, Fla. (WSVN) – Deputies are investigating after a woman intentionally crashed her card into a Broward Sheriff's Office station in Pembroke Park.
7Skyforce was over the scene at the Pembroke Park/West Park Broward Sheriff's Office located at 3201 W Hallandale Beach Blvd, where a red Toyota was seen inside the station.
The crash reportedly happened just after 11:30 a.m. Monday.
At least one person was transported to a nearby hospital as a trauma-alert patient.
According to BSO, the woman who was driving the car intentionally plowed into the station because she was upset about something.
Firefighters also said they found some sort of accelerant inside the car, but they did not say what it was.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Singapore private home sales in May fall 3.2 pct y/y
SINGAPORE, June 15 Sales in Singapore of private homes by developers fell in May from a year earlier, government data showed on Thursday.
H&R Block Trims 2Q Loss, But Revenue Slips
By: The Associated Press
KANSAS CITY - H&R Block Inc. posted a smaller loss in its fiscal second quarter than a year ago, when the tax preparer booked a bigger loss from operations that have since been discontinued.
The Kansas City, Mo., company typically reports a loss in the August-October period because it takes in most of its revenue during the U.S. tax season.
H&R Block reported a loss of $104.9 million, or 39 cents per share, for the three months ended Oct. 31. That compares with a loss of $105.2 million, or 39 cents per share, a year earlier.
Block's adjusted loss amounted to 38 cents per share.
Analysts polled by FactSet anticipated a loss of 37 cents per share.
Revenue slipped to $134.3 million, from $137.3 million.
Analysts had forecast $137.9 million in revenue.
A number of schools in Yorkshire have received hoax bomb threats this morning, police have confirmed.
More than 400 schools and colleges across the country are reported to have received emails claiming a device has been planted and demanding cash.
Humberside Police said 19 schools in East Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire had received the email.
Detective Superintendent Tony Cockerill said: “We have been liaising with our counterterrorism colleagues across the country and it is not believed that the threats are credible.
“We have spoken to all schools who have contacted us, reassured them that there is no need to evacuate and offered them security advice.”
A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said it had also had a number of reports about the bomb hoax.
He said: "Our Cybercrime Unit detectives, supported by local officers, have looked at these incidents and it is not believed there is any genuine threat.
"We are working with schools to offer reassurance and address any concerns."
São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazilian federal prosecutors have charged two Banco Bradesco SA executives with corruption in a probe over alleged unethical negotiations between the bank and government tax auditors, according to a document filed by the federal prosecutors' office.
Luiz Carlos Angelotti and Domingos Abreu were charged in the probe, known in Brazil as “Operation Zealots.” Bradesco declined to comment. (Reporting by Carolina Mandl and Tatiana Bautzer; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 20 uniQure NV:
* uniQure announces it will not seek marketing authorization renewal for Glybera in Europe
* Company maintains focus on core programs in Hemophilia B, Huntington's Disease and congestive heart failure
* Marketing authorization for Glybera to expire on October 25, 2017
* Glybera's usage has been extremely limited and do not envision patient demand increasing materially in years ahead
* uniQure - as a result of withdrawal of Glybera, expects to reduce future expenses related to product by about $2 million annually, beginning in 2018
* Continues to expect its existing cash resources will be sufficient to fund operations into 2019 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Repeats for wider distribution)
By Anna Irrera
NEW YORK, April 10 Bill Hinshaw is not a typical 75-year-old. He divides his time between his family – he has 32 grandchildren and great-grandchildren – and helping U.S. companies avert crippling computer meltdowns.
Hinshaw, who got into programming in the 1960s when computers took up entire rooms and programmers used punch cards, is a member of a dwindling community of IT veterans who specialize in a vintage programming language called COBOL.
The Common Business-Oriented Language was developed nearly 60 years ago and has been gradually replaced by newer, more versatile languages such as Java, C and Python. Although few universities still offer COBOL courses, the language remains crucial to businesses and institutions around the world.
In the United States, the financial sector, major corporations and parts of the federal government still largely rely on it because it underpins powerful systems that were built in the 70s or 80s and never fully replaced. (GRAPHIC: tmsnrt.rs/2nMf18G)
And here lies the problem: if something goes wrong, few people know how to fix it.
The stakes are especially high for the financial industry, where an estimated $3 trillion in daily commerce flows through COBOL systems. The language underpins deposit accounts, check-clearing services, card networks, ATMs, mortgage servicing, loan ledgers and other services.
The industry's aggressive push into digital banking makes it even more important to solve the COBOL dilemma. Mobile apps and other new tools are written in modern languages that need to work seamlessly with old underlying systems.
That is where Hinshaw and fellow COBOL specialists come in.
A few years ago, the north Texas resident planned to shutter his IT firm and retire after decades of working with financial and public institutions, but calls from former clients just kept coming.
COWBOYS AND YOUNGSTERS
In 2013, Hinshaw launched a new company COBOL Cowboys, which connects companies to programmers like himself. His wife Eileen came up with the name in a reference to "Space Cowboys," a 2000 movie about a group of retired Air Force pilots called in for a trouble-shooting mission in space. The company's slogan? "Not our first rodeo."
Of the 20 "Cowboys" that work as part-time consultants many have reached retirement age, though there are some "youngsters," Hinshaw said.
"Well, I call them youngsters, but they're in their 40s, early 50s."
Experienced COBOL programmers can earn more than $100 an hour when they get called in to patch up glitches, rewrite coding manuals or make new systems work with old.
For their customers such expenses pale in comparison with what it would cost to replace the old systems altogether, not to mention the risks involved.
Antony Jenkins, the former chief executive of Barclays PLC , said for big financial institutions – many of them created through multiple mergers over decades – the problems banks face when looking to replace their old technology goes beyond a shrinking pool of experts.
"It is immensely complex," said Jenkins, who now heads startup 10x Future Technologies, which sells new IT infrastructure to banks. "Legacy systems from different generations are layered and often heavily intertwined."
Some bank executives describe a nightmare scenario in which a switch-over fails and account data for millions of customers vanishes.
The industry is aware, however, that it cannot keep relying on a generation of specialists who inevitably will be gone.
The risk is "not so much that an individual may have retired," Andrew Starrs, group technology officer at consulting firm Accenture PLC, said. "He may have expired, so there is no option to get him or her to come back."
International Business Machines Corp, which sells the mainframe computers that run on COBOL, argues the future is not so bleak. It has launched fellowships and training programs in the old code for young IT specialists, and says it has trained more than 180,000 developers in 12 years.
"Just because a language is 50 years old, doesn't mean that it isn't good," said Donna Dillenberger, an IBM Fellow.
But COBOL veterans say it takes more than just knowing the language itself. COBOL-based systems vary widely and original programmers rarely wrote handbooks, making trouble-shooting difficult for others.
"Some of the software I wrote for banks in the 1970s is still being used," said Hinshaw.
That is why calls from stressed executives keep coming.
"You better believe they are nice since they have a problem only you can fix," he said. Hinshaw said the callers seem willing to pay almost any price and some even offer full-time jobs.
TURNING POINT
Oliver Bussmann, former chief information officer of UBS AG, said banks usually tap into their networks of former employees to find COBOL experts. Accenture's Starrs said they go through a "black book" of programmer contacts, especially those laid off during or after the 2008 financial crisis.
The industry appears to be reaching an inflection point, though. In the United States, banks are slowly shifting toward newer languages taking cue from overseas rivals who have already made the switch-over.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, for instance, replaced its core banking platform in 2012 with the help of Accenture and software company SAP SE. The job ultimately took five years and cost more than 1 billion Australian dollars ($749.9 million).
Accenture is also working with software vendor Temenos Group AG to help Swedish bank Nordea make a similar transition by 2020. IBM is also setting itself up to profit from the changes, despite its defense of COBOL's relevance. It recently acquired EzSource, a company that helps programmers figure out how old COBOL programs work.
In the meantime, banks' scramble has revived careers of those who retired or were let go, and whose expertise, until recently, was considered obsolete.
One COBOL programmer, now in his 60s, said his bank laid him off in mid-2012 as it turned to younger, less expensive employees trained in new languages.
In 2014, the programmer, who declined to be named to avoid jeopardizing current professional relationships, was brought in as a contractor to the same bank to fix issues management had not anticipated.
"The call back to the bank was something of a personal vindication for me," he said. ($1 = 1.3335 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Tomasz Janowski)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We all know that it is a very long shot.
John Terry at St Andrew's? It can't happen can it?
Birmingham City boss Harry Redknapp is a fan and Blues are one of a host of clubs looking to persuade him to take on a new challenge.
It appears that John Terry is only too aware of what is happening at St Andrews, too.
Last night he 'liked' an Instagram post on the account of new Blues keeper David Stockdale.
The picture shown below in a tweet by @bcfcmichael has Stockdale posing with Blues manager Harry Redknapp after signing for Blues.
Now, you can read what you like into that one!
JT liking a post of a pal? Perhaps approving the signing of a new teammate?
Who knows? It certainly got Twitter talking.
One thing is for sure, if Redknapp can persuade 36-year-old Terry to sign for Blues, his popularity would rise even higher than it is already.
Redknapp wants to at least meet with the ex-Chelsea defender and his representatives to see if Blues can achieve what would be an incredible coup.
Not the least given the fact Midlands rivals Aston Villa and West Brom are claimed to be among the suitors - as are Bournemouth who have tabled a whopping £100,000 a week contract.
That wouldn't so much smash Blues' current wage structure as obliterate it but Redknapp might also be able to offer Terry a coaching opportunity.
David Stockdale: Why Birmingham City are getting a great goalkeeper AND a great person
Nine years Capetonians have waited to savour the All Blacks in their backyard.
The All Blacks have ventured to Durban (twice), Johannesburg (five times), Bloemfontein and Port Elizabeth before returning to Cape Town, the most beautiful and second largest city in South Africa.
From Robben Island to Table Mountain; Lion's Head, Camps Bay, Cape Point where the Atlantic and Indian Oceans meet, to neighbouring Stellenbosch and gateway to the picturesque Garden Route, Cape Town really is a slice of paradise.
Yet despite their long absence, this weekend's test at Newlands could be the All Blacks' last at the world's second oldest rugby venue.
Advertisement
The Weekend Herald understands there are no plans to take them back anytime soon, and rumours are rife rugby will eventually move from Newlands to the modern Cape Town Stadium on the waterfront which seats almost 20,000 more fans.
Why has it been so long since the All Blacks played in Cape Town?
High-ranking South African rugby officials point to the fact this test sold out in one hour as evidence the All Blacks are a major drawcard. They suggest revenue is important -- that 52,000 does not do this match justice.
Yet when the All Blacks thrashed the Boks at Kings Park in Durban last year the crowd was the same. And in the three years in a row (2013-15) they played in Johannesburg, only 10,000 more jammed Ellis Park.
The only genuine argument in terms of significantly boosting crowds comes when the All Blacks are taken to Soweto. In 2012, the All Blacks attracted 88,000. Two years earlier, when Ma'a Nonu and Israel Dagg combined to ruin John Smit's 100th test at the death, 94,000 packed Soccer City.
So, no, crowd size and revenue is not the main deterrent. The belief that the Boks have a much better chance of upsetting the All Blacks at altitude, along with the hostile, intimidating nature of Ellis Park where fruit and other objects used to be thrown at the visiting team bus, also played their part. But those, too, were not the ultimate barriers.
The reasoning could be seen from the moment the All Blacks arrived in Cape Town this week. They were swarmed at the airport by adoring, fanatical locals who desperately lunged for treasured autographs or photos. They have even sung the New Zealand national anthem. Such support follows the All Blacks everywhere throughout the week. Sonny Bill Williams, in particular, is treated like a demigod.
"We got an amazing welcome at the airport," All Blacks assistant coach Ian Foster said. "They really get in behind us and it's a pretty special sort of feeling.
"They growled [at] us for not coming back for the last nine or 10 years and all I'd say is it's not our fault. For some reason South Africa don't want to play us here. To come here and have locals singing your national anthem outside your bus is pretty cool."
Many of those locals who gathered at the airport and outside the team hotel comprise a group called the "Cape Crusaders". This is a sizeable minority of coloured fans who gravitate towards the All Blacks -- and Crusaders -- largely because of historical grievances with the apartheid regime, and the Boks' historical links to the past white elite.
This support is generational, and has evolved over time to incorporate a great appreciation for the style of rugby the All Blacks play.
Even now, with the Boks a driving force for transformation, many coloured locals remain staunch in their love for the All Blacks. Those who can't afford to watch the match live will surround Newlands before kickoff.
Springboks centenarian Bryan Habana and Smit have openly taken umbrage with this group. Frustrations not only stem from the vocal support for the All Blacks and Crusaders, but abuse previously directed at the Boks and local Stormers team.
Former Auckland coach Paul Feeney, now assisting the Stormers, has experienced the local affinity with New Zealand first-hand.
"Even at Super Rugby games there are a lot of All Blacks jerseys in the crowd," Feeney said. "The All Blacks have a massive following because of the way they play the game and because of their name. I've been told it has been that way for the past 20, 30 years.
"They worship the All Blacks here. South Africans love their rugby and the Cape colours or Cape Crusaders they love the All Blacks. They haven't been here for nine years so they show that passion even more."
This home away from home atmosphere is the primary reason South African rugby officials have been so reluctant to schedule the All Blacks in Cape Town. Any wonder. Rolling out the red carpet welcome mat for the opposition is not in the playbook.
The All Blacks' absence is encapsulated in the fact that none of their match-day 23 this week were involved the last time they beat the Boks 19-0 at Newlands. Nine years that long; a career for most.
As long as their popularity continues, it could be a similar story by the time the All Blacks next venture back to the Cape, too.
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
April 12 Volkswagen
* Says VW brand sales up 2.5 percent in March to 557,400 vehicles, down 1.3 percent in Q1
* Says March VW brand sales up 1.1 percent in Europe, up 2.7 percent in the USA, up 3.6 percent in China Further company coverage: (Reporting By Georgina Prodhan)
Shooting in Schaumburg store parking lot seriously hurts one
hello
One person was shot and seriously injured in a store parking lot in Schaumburg Monday evening, Schaumburg police said, and the shooter is not in custody.
Several people witnessed the shooting, which happened about 5:20 p.m. in the parking lot on the 1100 block of South Roselle Road off Wise Road, Schaumburg Sgt. Christy Lindhurst said.
The victim, a man, was hit in the chest and taken to Lutheran General Hospital in serious condition, she said.
Police do not have anyone in custody.
Northbound Roselle Road was blocked off for about two hours north of Wise Road, as yellow tape connected a pickup truck, an SUV and a police car in a square over three lanes.
Customers continued to go in and out of stores in the area.
Schaumburg resident Danielle Johnson was driving to dinner when she saw a man lying on Roselle Road near a green pickup truck. Only one police vehicle had arrived at the scene when she drove by, Johnson said.
"My first reaction was, 'Oh my gosh, someone got run over,'" Johnson said. "But that's obviously not the case."
Johnson, who lives near the crime scene, said a shooting is unusual for the area.
"It's scary," she said. "This is my neighborhood."
A woman stands in front of the logo of Snap Inc. on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) while waiting for Snap Inc. to post their IPO, in New York City, NY, U.S. March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Shares of Snap Inc jumped nearly 5 percent on Monday after several of the Snapchat owner's IPO underwriters handed it badly needed "buy" ratings.
Snap's initial public offering on March 1 was the largest by a technology firm in three years but trading has been volatile, with many investors critical of decelerating user growth. Snap has warned it may never become profitable.
Analysts unrelated to the IPO had in recent weeks mostly assigned neutral or negative ratings to Snap, making it one of the worst-rated stocks on Wall Street.
But on Monday, at least eight banks involved in Snap's IPO gave it positive ratings, including Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs. Its stock rose 4.79 percent to end at $23.83.
That left Snap up 37 percent from its $17 initial public offer price, but still down more than $3 from its peak in its second day of trading.
The Los Angeles-based company's app, which allows users to share short-lived messages and pictures, is popular with young people. But it faces intense competition from larger rivals like Facebook Inc.
Like many technology companies popular with consumers, including Facebook and Alibaba, Snap's IPO was a hit with non-professional investors.
TD Ameritrade said Snap accounted for 7 percent of trading volume on its online platform during its first day of trading. As of last Thursday, almost half of its retail customers who bought the stock in the IPO have since sold their shares.
Snap has also become popular with short sellers betting it will fall, with over $600 million worth of its stock currently sold short, according to Astec Analytics.
"The last time we saw something this interesting was when we shorted LendingClub at $22," said Brad Lamensdorf, co-manager of the AdvisorShares Ranger Equity Bear ETF.
LendingClub is a peer-to-peer lender whose shares soared 56 percent to over $23 in its 2014 IPO, only to sink to around $5 after a scandal related to its business practices.
Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak started Snap with an "overweight" rating and a $28-price target.
"SNAP's engaged/hard-to-reach millennial users and unique video offerings should attract significant ad dollars," Nowak wrote in a research note.
Snap recently traded at the equivalent of 22 times its expected 12-month sales, expensive compared to Facebook at 10, according to Thomson Reuters data.
JP Morgan, also an underwriter, started Snap with a "neutral" rating, with analyst Doug Anmuth pointing to an "increasingly competitive social media landscape."
(This version of the story corrects paragraph 2 to show Snap's initial public offering was on March 1 instead of listing)
(Editing by Nick Zieminski and James Dalgleish)
March 31 Kaiser China Culture Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 155 pct to 205 pct, or to be 30.2 million yuan to 36.1 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (11.8 million yuan)
* Comments that new unit performance is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ADKcW9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LIVERPOOL, England Chelsea manager Antonio Conte celebrated with his team's fans at the end of a crucial 3-0 win at Everton on Sunday but then quickly warned that plenty of work remained to be done for his side to clinch the Premier League title.
A beautiful, long-range strike from Pedro, a Gary Cahill tap-in and a neatly worked goal from substitute Willian secured three points in the trickiest test in Chelsea's title run-in.
While aware of the significance of the victory, the Italian manager, in his first season in the Premier League, remained wary of counting his chickens.
"At this part of the season every win is a great win for us. Before this game there were five games to go. Now there are four games to go. For us every win is a great win and for this reason we must celebrate in the right way, with my players with the staff, with our fans.
"We have to have great enthusiasm and great patience because I think we are having a great season but for it to become a fantastic season we must win," he told reporters.
That 'fantastic season' could yet become a repeat of the club's double -- Premier League and FA Cup -- triumph in 2010 with Conte's team facing Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 27.
Everton was expected to be the toughest game in Chelsea's run-in. Ronald Koeman's team had lost only one game at Goodison before Sunday and had won their last eight in a row but after a tight first half Chelsea ran out comfortable winners.
"For sure today is a great result for us. To win away against Everton is not easy but I think we have to continue in this way and to go step by step and game by game and take three points every game until the end," Conte said.
"Now it is very important after this crucial week for us, we played against Tottenham for the final in the FA Cup and then on Tuesday against Southampton and now against Everton. I think we finished a crucial week very well. We all know there is this part of the season that is the most important.
"Now it is important for us to prepare the right way (for) the next game. If we don't win against Middlesbrough (on May 8) you lose this great win," he said.
The always emotional Conte said that his post-game interaction with his team had been physical rather than verbal.
"The message was only great hugs and great enthusiasm, great passion," he said.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
Photo: Scott Kirkland / Molly Riley / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Macklemore fans should be especially thankful for Kesha.
A comedic new promo video for next summer's ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour finds Macklemore ready to give up rapping to become a professional roller-blader.
Related: Macklemore Reveals How He & Kesha Became Fast Friends
That is until the arrival of Kesha, driving a classic Trans Am and decked out in a fabulous matching gold ensemble. The singer convinces him to give up his roller-blading dreams and go on tour with her instead.
The dynamic duo will launch the nine-week, 30-city tour June 6 in Phoenix, AZ, running until the final date on August 5 in Tampa, FL.
$1 from every ticket sold will be donated on ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour. Kesha will donate her proceeds to RAINN (Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network), the largest anti-sexual assault organization in the US. Macklemore will donate his proceeds to M Plus1, an organization that advances racial and social justice through the M&RL Equity Fund.
Watch ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore's tour trailer, which contains explicit language, now at Radio.com and see all the dates below.
6/6 – Phoenix, AZ @ Ak-Chin Pavilion
6/8 – Inglewood, CA @ The Forum
6/9 – Las Vegas, NV @ Mandalay Bay Events Center
6/12 – Chula Vista, CA @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
6/14 – Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre
6/16 – Salt Lake City, UT @ USANA Amphitheatre
6/17 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
6/20 – Dallas, TX @ Starplex Pavilion
6/22 – Austin, TX @ Austin360 Amphitheater
6/23 – The Woodlands, TX @ The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
6/25 – Rogers, AR @ Arkansas Music Pavilion
6/26 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
7/10 – Maryland Heights, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/11 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center
7/13 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/14 – Tinley Park, IL @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
7/16 – Toronto, ON @ Budweiser Stage
7/18 – Clarkston, MI @ DTE Energy Music Theatre
7/19 – Noblesville, IN @ Ruoff Home Mortgage Music Center
7/21 – Hershey, PA @ Hersheypark Stadium
7/22 – Darien Center, NY @ Darien Lake Amphitheater
7/24 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Center
7/25 – Camden, NJ @ BB&T Pavilion
7/27 – Holmdel, NJ @ PNC Bank Arts Center
7/28 – Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live
7/30 – Wantagh, NY @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
8/1 – Charlotte, NC @ PNC Music Pavilion Charlotte
8/2 – Atlanta, GA @ Cellairis Amphitheatre at Lakewood
8/4 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
8/5 – Tampa, FL @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
The golf course superintendent was out at 5.45am to make sure things were up to scratch and when he headed home around nine hours later everyone at Galway Bay Golf Resort had experienced the very best the course, designed by the late Christy O'Connor Junior, had to offer.
Damien Coleman is a former green-keeper for an Olympic game, and if he was able to prepare a course for some of the top professional golfers in the world in Rio, he knew he could provide the perfect platform here.
The 31-year-old Ennis native plays off five, he has been at Galway Bay since 2008 and formerly worked at Dromoland Castle and the K Club. But these weeks and have been some of the most testing of his career.
“We have been preparing properly for the last six to eight weeks. It's great to have tournament experience from Rio. You learn about the logistical side of it and that helps when it comes to organising staff and getting things done in a short space of time,” said Coleman.
The course provided a resplendent setting for the fifth leg of Allianz/Irish Times Officers' Challenge on the second Tuesday in August.
Usually the wind and rain dominates the narrative when it comes to 18 holes on this superb links course but for once a summer afternoon lived up to its billing, the weather never deteriorated, and all 15 teams were able to focus on bringing their A game
But in the end it was a team from Slieve Russell GC who did it best.
However as soon as the first groups arrived back into the clubhouse, shortly before 2pm, it was obvious that Galway Bay was proving very difficult to master for the western regional.
Galway Golf Club were first to conclude their scoring, and their team of John Whiriskey (president), Paddy Whelan (captain) and Olwyn Hanley (lady captain) knew they wouldn't be in the winners' enclosure.
“We had a great start but after that we decided it would be inappropriate to win, given that were local,” quipped Whelan.
But while the teams funnelled in and the day wore on, the general consensus was this pristine location had a very tough underbelly, and they wouldn't be the only ones to fall short of the 80-point mark set by the winners from Cavan.
More wind
“We are used to more wind out here but any day at Galway Bay is always tough,” said Galway Bay captain Sean Keenan (11).
Galway Bay's team also consisted of president John Costello (21) and lady captain Caitríona O'Regan (26). They scored 68 on the day and although Mr Keenan, acknowledged that they should have shot higher, the Roscommon native was thrilled with the success of their event.
“We did better on the back-nine than the front-nine – it took us a while to wake up this morning unfortunately,” said Mr Keenan. “The Par 3 13th was definitely one of the better holes for our team. We were all in there for par, two of us hit the green in one and the other ball was just slightly off.
“But it's a massive privilege, hosting any event at national level and the regional finals are always great to have at Galway Bay. It's an honour for the club, you get the captains and officers out from the other clubs and you get to see how good the place really is. We're hosting the Connacht finals at the end of the week too. It's a big week.”
The day was dominated by the Slieve Russell team of Brendan Nelligan (9), Finola Doyle (19) and George Donohoe (11). But their captain Mr Nelligan attributed the result to lady captain, Ms Doyle.
“It was a good day. Myself and John played last year and we scored 81 points in Portmarnock. We said coming up here that if we got something similar we wouldn't be too far off,” said Nelligan.
“In fairness Finola was absolutely brilliant here today. She is a very good golfer and she was the main reason why we had that score that we had.”
Doyle, who is from Ballyjamesduff in Cavan, made one of the telling blows with a birdie on the Par 5 6th hole.
“It was a good day, if you had seen me playing golf on Sunday at the Captain's Prize then you wouldn't have let me play. But it went well,” said Ms Doyle.
“I was just driving the ball superbly and the guys were saying ‘Finola you play the club you played on the Par 3' and it got me there.
“I played a very good hole. I'd a good drive, I played a good second, I followed that with a good chip on and the rest is history.”
Galway Bay was last in the schedule and after the drama of Portmarnock, Cork, Malone, and Mount Juliet, the five regional winners and three runners-up from each, join the respective hosts in the finals at the K Club on August 28th.
Allianz / Irish Times Officers' Challenge at Galway Bay Golf Club: Brendan Nelligan, Finola Doyle, George Donohoe (Slieve Russell) 80 points; Michael McMahon, Margaret McMahon, Gerry Broderick (Gort) 74 points; Joe Craddock, Mary Colleran, John Staunton (Ballinrobe) 74 points; John Gleeson, Jill O'Connor, Enda Bourke (Thurles) 71 points.
* Rand has weakened nearly 12 percent since March 27
* S&P, Fitch have downgraded South African credit to junk
* Bank says will not intervene directly to support rand
* Bank says too early to say if downgrades will cause recession (Adds governor's comments on recession)
By Mfuneko Toyana
PRETORIA, April 10 South Africa's central bank on Monday warned that a recent cabinet reshuffle that saw the finance minister fired and the country's credit rating relegated to "junk" could put pressure the rand and accelerate inflation as inventors sold off local assets.
The rand has dropped nearly 12 percent since March 27, when President Jacob Zuma recalled then-finance minister Pravin Gordhan from an international roadshow, then fired him later that week.
In response, S&P Global Ratings and Fitch cut the country's sovereign credit rating to sub-investment grade, both saying Gordhan's departure raised the risk of a fiscal policy shift.
The central bank governor said it was too early to tell whether the downgrades would push the economy in to a recession.
"It's too early to tell if we are in a recession," South African Reserve Bank (SARB) Governor Lesetja Kganyago said at the release of the regulator's Monetary Policy Review.
"The environment is pretty fluid ... With the downgrades, we expect the cost of capital to rise, and that rising cost of capital could force businesses that wanted to invest to rethink some of their projects. That will have an impact on growth."
In March, the bank kept its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 7 percent, citing re-emerging risks to the exchange rate. It added then that it had reached the end of its tightening cycle, which has seen it raise rates a total of 200 basis points since 2014.
"Domestically the situation has been challenging ... it has been making policy-making very difficult," Kganyago told a news conference after the bank released its Monetary Policy Review.
The bank said in its review, released twice a year, that the biggest risk to its policy aim of keeping consumer prices below 6 percent was the weakening exchange rate.
"Rising uncertainty about the future of economic policy could prompt capital outflows in anticipation of such downgrades," the bank said in the report.
"The risk is that the rand could follow a more depreciated path than expected, which would, other things being equal, raise inflation," the bank said in the statement.
Before that meeting, forward rate agreements were pricing in at least one rate cut by 25 basis points in 2017, but on Monday the forward markets were pricing zero percent probability of a cut this year .
In response to questions from Reuters on Monday, the bank said it would stick to setting benchmark lending rates rather than intervene in the exchange markets.
"We would consider becoming involved if the orderly functioning of the foreign exchange markets is under threat, guided by financial stability considerations," Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank (SARB) Daniel Mminele said in emailed responses to questions. (Editing by James Macharia, editing by Larry King)
By Scott T. Sterling
Pop singer Rachel Platten is set to return with a new album, Waves, which will be released on Oct. 27.
Related: Rachel Platten Debuts New Single ‘Broken Glass'
“I loved making this album, I've never felt so free creatively,” Platten revealed in a press statement. “I wrote all of these songs without getting in the way, and I just let whatever needed to come through me just come. I worked out a lot of heavy stuff on some of the songs and cried on my piano at 3 a.m. some nights, but I also woke up some days and jumped into the ocean and felt amazing and just wanted to write songs I could dance to. This album is raw and it's emotional, but it's also fun and sweet and it's real. It's honestly just all of me and I am so damn proud of it.”
Among the producers on Waves include OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder and Stargate.
Check out the full tracklist for Platen's new album below.
1. Perfect For You
2. Whole Heart
3. Collide
4. Keep Up
5. Broken Glass
6. Shivers
7. Loose Ends
8. Labels
9. Loveback
10. Hands
11. Fooling You
12. Good Life
13. Grace
All India Congress Committee's Central Election Authority officially announces Rahul Gandhi as the President of the Indian National Congress. #CongressPresidentRahulGandhi pic.twitter.com/XvPFHWAND1
— Congress (@INCIndia) December 11, 2017
Delhi #Congress workers burst crackers congratulating Rahul Gandhi for becoming party president https://t.co/ltXO0PIGSJ pic.twitter.com/axQ9O2GuGz
— ABP News (@abpnewstv) December 11, 2017
New Delhi: Rahul Gandhi has officially become the Congress President taking over the reigns from Sonia Gandhi. The deadline to withdraw nomination for internal polls ended at 3 pm on Monday."89 nomination proposals were received,all were valid. Since there was only one candidate.I hereby declare Rahul Gandhi elected as the president of Indian National Congress," Mullappally Ramachandran told reporters in an official announcement.The Gandhi scion had filed his nomination papers for the post of party president last Monday. Jubilant Congress workers burst crackers and distributed sweets following the elevation.Rahul Gandhi becoming Congress President has paved the way for a generational shift in the leadership of the party headed by his mother Sonia Gandhi.Rahul, 47, emerged as the lone candidate in the fray, clearing the decks for his elevation to the party's top post, succeeding his mother, who has held the post for 19 years in a row.Today was the last date for filing nominations.The last date for withdrawal of the candidature was December 11. The poll, if required, would have been held on December 16 and the counting would have taken place on December 19.
CHISINAU, April 20 A Moldovan court sentenced businessman Veaceslav Platon to 18 years in prison on Thursday for money-laundering and fraud linked to the disappearance of $1 billion from Moldova's banking system.
Known locally as the "theft of the century", the scandal saw the equivalent of an eighth of the impoverished former Soviet republic's gross domestic product stolen from three of its largest banks between 2012-2014.
An investigation into the banking fraud has identified around 40 people who either benefited from the scheme or facilitated it, but most of them have yet to be publicly named.
The court found Platon guilty of embezzling some of the money that disappeared - around 800 million lei ($42 million) - from lender Banca de Economii, which subsequently went bankrupt.
According to the judge's ruling, he must repay the money and serve 18 years in prison.
Platon, who maintains his innocence, said he was the victim of a witch-hunt.
"Look into my eyes, gentlemen judges. Are you not ashamed? This is not a verdict, it's a political show trial," he said after the sentence was read out.
A former prime minister, Vlad Filat, has also been jailed in connection with the scam, in which money was siphoned overseas over years through dodgy loans, asset swaps and shareholder deals.
The scandal triggered street protests, the International Monetary Fund and the European Union froze aid, the leu currency plunged to record lows and inflation climbed into double digits.
Many Moldovans believe other members of the pro-EU elite apart from Filat were also involved, or at least complicit, in the scheme.
Platon was detained in July 2016 and is separately suspected of involvement in a Russian-led money laundering operation that funnelled around $22 billion of Russian money through the Moldovan financial system between 2011-2014. He also denies any wrongdoing in that case.
He was denied the right to attend much of the trial because of alleged bad behaviour that included insulting the judges.
His lawyer, Eduard Rudenko, said this and other restrictions imposed on the defence amounted to a violation of his constitutional rights. ($1 = 19.2200 Moldovan lei) (Writing by Alessandra Prentice; Editing by Gareth Jones)
A civil defence member breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
In terms of raw casualty numbers, Tuesday's apparent nerve gas attack near the Syrian city of Khan Sheikhoun – believed to have killed at least 70 – should hardly be significant against the backdrop of a war that has left hundreds of thousands of people dead.
But that was never the point of chemical weapons. Since European powers first used them over a century ago at the height of World War One, they have held a psychological and political shock value in many ways out of proportion to their physical or military effect. Alongside the threat of biological warfare, they hold a very distinct horror.
In the trenches of World War One, doctors noted that the paralyzing fear of a gas attack often exceeded that of conventional artillery and bombs, even though the latter killed many more people. By the end of that conflict, basic gas masks and chemical protection equipment meant many soldiers could survive such an attack relatively unscathed.
The horror of those campaigns, however, was key in driving most states to ban such weapons. In total, 192 nations are now signatories to the 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention with more than 90 percent of the world's pre-existing chemical weapons stocks believed to have been destroyed by the end of last year.
What the Syrian civil war appears to be reestablishing, however, is that on occasion governments may be able to use them against their own people without suffering much in the way of consequences.
With senior U.S. officials including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis suggesting in recent weeks that the removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was no longer a priority, the Syrian government appears to be demonstrating that it feels it can act against its domestic enemies with almost total impunity. That sends an alarming signal about the erosion of global rules and norms on weapons of mass destruction, as well as the limits of U.S. power and influence. For those Syrians still fighting the government, it is a savage warning of the cost of further resistance.
It is hardly a new tactic. The British Empire used poison gas against Iraqi villages during the 1920s and 1930s to make a similar point, as did Mussolini's Italy during its invasion of Abyssinia, now Ethiopia. Saddam Hussein used sarin gas against Kurdish civilians around the town of Halabja, killing an estimated several thousand and cementing his own reputation for brutality.
In this case, much is veiled in deliberate ambiguity, most likely to further reduce the prospect of outside response or retaliation. Western governments – as well as independent monitors – say the evidence points to a deliberate strike by the Syrian Air Force. Assad's ally Russia, however, says the chemicals were accidentally released from a rebel weapons facility by a government bombing raid.
That could be just possible, although most of the evidence so far points against it – not the least images that suggest the munitions landed on roadways and in open country. Militant groups have periodically attempted to build such weapons, and Islamic State in particular has deployed poison gas in its fight to retain control of Iraq's second city of Mosul.
Tuesday's attack, however, had stark similarities to the previous government-linked chemical strike on the outskirts of Damascus in 2013, which killed several hundred civilians and briefly looked as though it would draw the United States into direct military conflict with Assad.
President Barack Obama and other Western leaders had declared the use of chemical weapons would be a “red line” that would prompt outside intervention. The Syrian regime, however, had already begun pushing those lines with much smaller chemical attacks throughout 2013, often killing only a handful of people.
Syria signed the Chemical Weapons Convention in 2013 and was supposed to have handed over all its chemical stocks as part of a Russian-brokered deal to avoid U.S. military action after the Damascus attack. It now seems that was not the case – Tuesday's strike followed another string of much more limited chemical attacks.
Assad and his Russian backers almost certainly believe the Trump administration has no intention of mounting any kind of military response – not least because, like the Obama White House, it has neither the appetite for a long-running intervention nor a strategy for it.
The irony is that just as the Syrian government has been demonstrating how effective chemical munitions can be as a political weapon, across the border in Iraq, Islamic State has been finding out just how limited their impact can be on the battlefield. Allied forces and human rights observers have reported several relatively primitive gas attacks in September, October and last month, but they reportedly injured relatively small numbers of people.
For all the decades of concern over chemical and biological attack by militants, they have been remarkably rare – and often ineffective.
Experts say that while both al Qaeda and Islamic State would like to get their hands on chemical and biological weapons, neither has made doing so a priority. Most recently, such groups have tended to focus on the other end of the technological spectrum, using the simplest available weaponry such as trucks, knives and firearms in attacks such as those in Brussels, Paris or last month in Westminster.
That may not always remain the case. Having failed in its attempts to make biological weaponry work, Japanese cult Aum Shinrikiyo successfully manufactured sarin and used it to attack the Tokyo Metro in 1995, killing 12 people and injuring hundreds more. Had they perfected a better system for distributing the chemical, experts say the death toll could have been significantly higher.
In general, however, what happened in Syria on Tuesday is a reminder that those at greatest risk of chemical weapons attacks are those whose government wishes to make an example of them.
It's a stark reality that neither the United States nor any other Western country knows what to do about.
* Dollar/yen slumps to 5-month low
* Trump also says he prefers to see Fed keep rates low
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, April 13 The dollar slumped broadly on Thursday, falling to a five-month low against the yen, after U.S. President Donald Trump helped accelerate its recent decline by saying the currency was too strong.
The greenback took a heavy hit after Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the dollar "is getting too strong" and that he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low.
The comments were a fresh reminder of the president's protectionist trade rhetoric, which has been a source of concern for dollar bulls.
"Trump's comments came at a time when some had begun to think that perhaps the president was not as supportive of a weak dollar as initially perceived," said Shin Kadota, senior strategist at Barclays in Tokyo.
"But he reiterated his view that a strong currency hurts U.S. competitiveness, adding fresh downward pressure on the dollar."
The U.S. currency was a shade lower at 109.000 yen after stooping to a five-month low of 108.920.
It has shed 1.8 percent against the yen so far this week, with the safe-haven Japanese currency already on a bullish footing because of a rise in geopolitical tensions.
There are fresh concerns about the French presidential election and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea.
The euro was steady at $1.0669, not far from a six-day high of $1.0675 reached overnight.
The dollar lost significant ground against the pound and Swiss franc as well, and as a result the dollar index versus a basket of major currencies was down 0.6 percent at 100.100 .
The Australian dollar was given some breathing room as the greenback slumped.
It was up 0.2 percent at $0.7542, pulling away from a three-month low of $0.7473 plumbed the previous day when wide-spread risk aversion amid simmering geopolitical concerns took its toll on the Aussie.
The yield on the benchmark U.S. 10-year Treasury note was at 2.244 percent after touching 2.239 percent overnight, its lowest in nearly five months.
(Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Q. I'm trying to import a module from a remote PowerShell session that is a restricted endpoint but it does not work.
A. This seems to be a limitation of restricted endpoints. Normally I could perform:
Import-Module -Name ActiveDirectory -PSSession $adsess
However if the session if to a restricted endpoint the command will fail. The only workaround seems to be to import the session and then utilize the modules via the session, for example:
sess = New-PSSession -ComputerName -ConfigurationName RestrictEnd -Credential $cred -Authentication Credssp
$imsess = Import-PSSession -Session $sess -AllowClobber
Get-command -module $imsess
Remove-PSSession $sess
WE BOTH WORK FULL-TIME BUT HE DOESN'T HELP OUT AROUND THE HOUSE AT ALL WHEN HE GETS HOME. I COOK, CLEAN, PAY BILLS, ETC. I'M EXHAUSTED. DO I HAVE GROUNDS TO LEAVE? HOW DO WE SPEAK ABOUT ILLNESS IN A WAY THAT DOES NOT UNDO OUR FAITH?
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
BRASILIA, March 31 Brazil's government will overhaul in 2018 the benchmark interest rate that state development bank BNDES uses for long-term corporate loans, the Planning Ministry said in a statement on Friday, in a step to reduce costly subsidies.
The so-called TJLP lending rate, currently set on a quarterly basis by the National Monetary Council, will be replaced for a new rate based on yields paid by inflation-linked NTN-B bonds, the Planning Ministry said. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Indiana Jones is coming back to our screens for one final adventure…
Last night, Rakuten TV Empire Awards, Steven Spielberg confirmed that the untitled fifth Indiana Jones film is happening and will begin filming in England from April 2019
Raiders Of The Lost Ark filmed in Elstree Studios back in 1980, so it's fitting that what will likely be Harrison Ford's final outing as Dr. Jones happen in England again.
The plot is still unconfirmed and we are still in the dark with regards to who might take up the role of Indy after Harrison takes leave, but for now, we'll just have to wait and see what happens.
The film is currently slated for a release date of July 10th, 2020.
Share it:
Don't Miss
(Repeats earlier story with no changes to text)
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK, April 13 Ukraine has partnered with global technology company the Bitfury Group to put a sweeping range of government data on a blockchain platform, the firm's chief executive officer told Reuters, in a project he described as probably the largest of its kind anywhere.
Bitfury, a blockchain company with offices in the United States and overseas, will provide the services to Ukraine, CEO Valery Vavilov said in an interview on Wednesday.
Ukraine's blockchain initiative underscores a growing trend among governments that have adopted the technology to increase efficiencies and improve transparency.
Blockchain is a ledger of transactions that first emerged as the software underpinning digital currency bitcoin. It has become a key global technology in both the public and private sector given its ability to permanently record and keep track of assets or transactions across all industries.
Ukraine and Bitfury are expected to sign a memorandum of understanding on Thursday, Vavilov said.
Though Vavilov said he was unable to estimate the cost of the project, he said it was the biggest government blockchain deal ever so far. It involves putting all of the Ukraine government's electronic data onto the blockchain platform.
"A secure government system built on the blockchain can secure billions of dollars in assets and make a significant social and economic impact globally by addressing the need for transparency and accountability," said Vavilov.
There are other countries that have started blockchain programs, but they are smaller in scope involving one or two sectors, such as land titles and real estate ownership. Countries that have launched blockchain programs include Sweden, Estonia, and Georgia.
"This agreement will result in an entirely new ecosystem for state projects based on blockchain technology in Ukraine," Oleksandr Ryzhenko, head of the State Agency for eGovernance of Ukraine, said in an emailed response to Reuters questions.
"Our aim is clear and ambitious -- we want to make Ukraine one of the world's leading blockchain nations."
Ukraine's deal with Bitfury will begin with a pilot project to introduce blockchain into the country's digital platform. The areas being explored for the pilot project are state registers, public services, social security, public health, and energy, Vavilov said.
Once the pilot is complete, the blockchain program will expand into all areas, including cybersecurity.
This is Bitfury's second government blockchain project. In April last year, Bitfury signed an agreement with Georgia to pilot the first blockchain land-titling registry. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Tom Brown)
Midas Gold Complements its Project Leadership Team with Recent Appointments
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Midas Gold Corp. (TSX: MAX) ( OTCQX : MDRPF)today announced that the United States Forest Service ("U.S. Forest Service") has selected AECOM to assist the agency in evaluating Midas Gold's proposed Stibnite Gold Project. In addition, Midas Gold announced its recent appointments of Alan Haslam as Director of Permitting and Mckinsey Lyon as Director of Public Affairs, complementing its leadership team with additional permitting and public relations expertise.
"The selection of AECOM as contractor to the U.S. Forest Service and recent senior management appointments represent continuing progress in the advancement of the Stibnite Gold Project following the filing of Midas Gold's Plan of Restoration and Operations," said Stephen Quin, President & CEO of Midas Gold Corp. "Our expanded management team looks forward to working with AECOM in advancing the review of the project, which envisions restoration of a brownfields site in conjunction with the redevelopment of a modern mining operation that is protective of the environment and provides economic and employment benefits to Valley County, Idaho and the United States of America."
About AECOM
AECOM, a fully integrated global infrastructure firm with staff in Boise and McCall, Idaho, will work directly under the supervision of the U.S. Forest Service to assist with the regulatory review process for the Stibnite Gold Project. This partnership, as outlined in a Memorandum of Agreement ("MOA") between the U.S. Forest Service and Midas Gold Idaho, Inc., is intended to lower the cost of the review process to the public and ensure an efficient and timely review. AECOM was chosen by the U.S. Forest Service after reviewing proposals from several qualified candidates.
"Midas Gold is pleased that the U.S. Forest Service selected a partner with world-class expertise, broad experience and the robust capabilities to assist with the Stibnite Gold Project review so that it is undertaken in a comprehensive, thorough and timely manner, and incorporates community and stakeholder input," said Laurel Sayer, President & CEO of Midas Gold Idaho, Inc. "We are encouraged by the experience, innovative approach, and qualifications AECOM brings to the table."
AECOM brings an Idaho-led team of experts in the National Environmental Policy Act ("NEPA") process and specialists who are experienced in stream restoration, fisheries, biological, physical and social resources. The AECOM team also includes Watson Environmental, Ecosystem Sciences, and ERM as subcontractors for various specialized aspects of the review process for the project.
As a contractor to the U.S. Forest Service, AECOM will assist the agency in the technical review of the Stibnite Gold Project and will aid the U.S. Forest Service so that NEPA procedures and reviews are adhered to and the process is timely and transparent. With AECOM on board as its contractor, the U.S. Forest Service will commence preparing the Environmental Impact Statement ("EIS") for the Stibnite Gold Project, which is a requirement under NEPA. The next step is for the U.S. Forest Service to publish a Notice of Intent in the Federal Register, signaling the agency's intent to prepare the EIS and initiating a 30-day scoping period.
Additions to Midas Gold Leadership Team
Alan Haslam joined Midas Gold Idaho, Inc. as Director of Permitting and is leading the permitting effort for the Stibnite Gold Project. Mr. Haslam was previously Director of Mining for Agrium U.S. Inc. where he permitted several operations, including the open pit Rasmussen Valley Mine, which received a final Record of Decision in January 2017. Mr. Haslam has more than 28 years of regulatory, permitting and operational experience with mines and projects in the US and Canada.
Mckinsey Lyon joined Midas Gold Idaho, Inc. as Director of Public Affairs. Ms. Lyon, most recently a partner at Gallatin Public Affairs, brings with her significant experience in building public support for mining and other large-scale projects in Idaho. Through Gallatin, Ms. Lyon has been involved with Midas Gold and the Stibnite Gold Project for the past five years, assisting with developing community and government relations.
"Achieving the timeline announced by the U.S. Forest Service for the Stibnite Gold Project requires a dedicated team focused on ensuring that a detailed and comprehensive review is completed in a timely manner," said Stephen Quin, President & CEO of Midas Gold Corp. "Mr. Haslam brings proven ability to navigate the federal and Idaho regulatory processes, while Ms. Lyon brings a deep understanding of Idaho politics, extensive experience in community engagement, and a record of success on similar projects. These additions complement our already experienced and knowledgeable leadership team at Midas Gold that has been successfully advancing the project over the past several years."
Stibnite Gold Project Background
In September of 2016, Midas Gold Idaho, Inc. submitted its Plan of Reclamation and Operations ("PRO") for the restoration, re-development and operation of the Stibnite Gold Project in Valley County, Idaho. The PRO was deemed administratively complete by the U.S. Forest Service in December 2016.
A detailed presentation on the PRO can be found at www.midasgoldcorp.com. Details of previous news releases and technical studies can be found filed under Midas Gold's profile on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) or at www.midasgoldcorp.com.
About Midas Gold and the Stibnite Gold Project
Midas Gold Corp., through its wholly owned subsidiaries are focused on the exploration and, if warranted, site restoration and development of gold-antimony-silver deposits in the Stibnite-Yellow Pine district of central Idaho that are encompassed by its Stibnite Gold Project.
Forward-Looking Information
Statements contained in this news release that are not historical facts are "forward-looking information" or "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-Looking Information") within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation and the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward Looking Information includes, but is not limited to, disclosure regarding possible events, next steps and courses of action including actions to be taken by the U.S. Forest Service, the State of Idaho and other government agencies and regulatory bodies. In certain cases, Forward-Looking Information can be identified by the use of words and phrases such as "plans", "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "estimates", "forecasts", "intends", "anticipates", "potential", "confirm" or "does not anticipate", "believes", "contemplates", "recommends" or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might" "be achieved". In preparing the Forward-Looking Information in this news release, Midas Gold has applied several material assumptions, including, but not limited to, assumptions that the current objectives concerning the Stibnite Gold Project can be achieved and that its other corporate activities will proceed as expected; that general business and economic conditions will not change in a materially adverse manner; that the formal review process under the NEPA (including a joint review process involving the U.S. Forest Services, the State of Idaho and other agencies and regulatory bodies) as well as the public comment period, scoping process and EIS will proceed in a timely manner and as expected; and that all requisite information will be available in a timely manner. Forward-Looking Information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Midas Gold to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the Forward-Looking Information. Such risks and other factors include, among others, changes in laws and regulations and changes in the application of standards pursuant to existing laws and regulations which may result in unforeseen results in the review process under the NEPA; uncertainty surrounding input to be received pursuant to the scoping process including but not limited to the public comment period; risks related to dependence on key personnel; risks related to unforeseen delays in the review process including availability of personnel from the US Forest Services, State of Idaho and other agencies and regulatory bodies; as well as those factors discussed in Midas Gold's public disclosure record. Although Midas Gold has attempted to identify important factors that could affect Midas Gold and may cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in Forward-Looking Information, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that Forward-Looking Information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on Forward-Looking Information. Except as required by law, Midas Gold does not assume any obligation to release publicly any revisions to Forward-Looking Information contained in this news release to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
* Won weakens for four consecutive sessions * U.S. treasury's biannual exchange rate report eyed * Foreign investors continue stock purchases SEOUL, March 31 The South Korean won weakened to a one-week low early on Friday, but was expected to hold in a narrow range ahead of a biannual U.S. Treasury report on exchange rates that will identify governments suspected of manipulating their currencies. The won's decline partly reflected broad dollar strength following a U.S. Federal Reserve officials' comments and supportive economic data. "The won could have slumped more, but the exporters' continued dollar-selling is offsetting the dollar strength," said Ha Keon-hyeong, a foreign exchange analyst at Shinhan Investment Corp. Ousted president Park Geun-hye was arrested in the early hours of Friday after a South Korean court approved a warrant, but it had little effect on local markets. The won stood at 1,120.9 against the dollar as of 0226 GMT, down 0.3 percent compared to Thursday's close of 1,117.2. It was the lowest intraday level since March 24. H said that all the focus is now on the U.S. treasury's exchange rate report in April and he expects the won to trade between 1,100-1,110 per dollar until then. South Korean shares fluctuated in and out of positive territory as local investors sold stocks while foreigners bought. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) was little changed at 2,163.83 points. Offshore investors were set to be net buyers for a fifth straight session, purchasing 46.3 billion Korean won ($41.32 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session. Steelmaker Posco rose more than 2 percent on better than expected first-quarter earnings. Hyundai Mobis gained 1.3 percent. Advancers outnumbered decliners 447 to 322. June futures on three-year treasury bonds were unchaged at 109.49. 0226 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,120.9 1,117.2 Yen/won 9.9973/054 9.9838 *KTB futures 109.49 109.49 KOSPI 2,163.83 2,164.64 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
High Paywave fees from banks are making goods and services 'more expensive for everyone'
Retail NZ says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
Singapore PM's brother says he fears authorities may stop him from leaving
SINGAPORE, June 15 Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's younger brother said on Thursday he fears the nation's authorities may stop him from leaving the country or take other action against him after he made a series of accusations against Lee.
AMMAN/BEIRUT Israeli warplanes struck a weapons supply hub operated by Lebanese group Hezbollah near Damascus airport on Thursday, targeting arms sent from Iran in commercial and military cargo aircraft, Syrian rebel and regional intelligence sources said.
The Israeli military said later that one of its Patriot anti-aircraft missile batteries intercepted a target over the Golan Heights that Israeli media described as an unmanned drone. It was the second Israeli interception of a target coming from Syria in the past few weeks.
Video carried on Arab TV and shared on social media showed the pre-dawn air strikes caused a fire around the airport east of the Syrian capital, suggesting fuel sources or weapons containing explosives were hit.
Syrian state media said Israeli missiles hit a military position southwest of the airport, but did not mention arms or fuel. It said "Israeli aggression" had caused explosions and some material losses, but did not expand on the damage.
In a sign of the heightened tensions surrounding a conflict that has already caught up regional and international powers, Damascus' ally Russia criticised the Israeli strike and said Syrian sovereignty should be respected.
Israel does not usually comment on action it takes in Syria. But Intelligence Minister Israel Katz, speaking to Army Radio from the United States, appeared to confirm involvement.
"The incident in Syria corresponds completely with Israel's policy to act to prevent Iran's smuggling of advanced weapons via Syria to Hezbollah," he said.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had "said that whenever we receive intelligence that indicates an intention to transfer advanced weapons to Hezbollah, we will act", he added.
An Israeli military spokeswoman said: "We can't comment on such reports."
Two senior rebel sources in the Damascus area, citing monitors in the eastern outskirts of the capital, said there were five strikes on an ammunition depot used by Iran-backed militias.
Lebanon's al-Manar television, which is affiliated with Hezbollah, said early indications were that the strikes targeted warehouses and fuel tanks. It said there no casualties.
RUSSIA AND IRAN BACK ASSAD
President Bashar al-Assad is backed in Syria's six-year-old civil war by Russia, Iran and regional Shi'ite Muslim militias. These include Hezbollah, a close ally of Tehran and enemy of Israel, which describes the group as the biggest threat it faces on its borders. The two fought a month-long war in 2006.
In comments in an interview with Venezuelan television carried by the Syrian state news agency SANA, Assad said Israel was supporting terrorists with military strikes in Syria, but he made no direct mention of Thursday's attack. SANA did not say when the interview was recorded.
Syrian military defectors familiar with the functioning of the airport during the war said on Thursday that it plays a major role as a conduit for arms from Tehran.
Alongside military planes, a number of commercial cargo aircraft fly from Iran to resupply arms to Hezbollah and other groups, passing through Iraqi airspace, the defectors said.
As well as weapons, hundreds of Shi'ite militia fighters from Iraq and Iran have been flown to Damascus international airport, they said.
Intelligence sources put their numbers at 10,000 to 20,000 and say they play a significant role in military campaigns launched by the Syrian army.
Israel has largely kept out the war in Syria, but officials have consistently referred to two red lines that have prompted a military response in the past - any supply of advanced weaponry to Hezbollah, and the establishment of "launch sites" for attacks on Israel from the Golan Heights region.
Speaking in Moscow on Wednesday, where he was attending a security conference, Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman reiterated that Israel "will not allow Iranian and Hezbollah forces to be amassed on the Golan Heights border".
Lieberman held talks with Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, as part of efforts by Israel to coordinate with Moscow on actions in Syria and avoid the risk of confrontation.
A Defence Ministry statement said Lieberman had expressed concern to Russian ministers over "Iranian activity in Syria and the Iranian use of Syrian soil as a base for arms smuggling to Hezbollah in Lebanon".
A Western diplomat said the air strikes sent a clear political message to Iran, effectively saying it could no longer use Iraqi and Syrian airspace to resupply proxies with impunity.
Speaking to Reuters in Washington on Wednesday, Intelligence Minister Katz said he was seeking an understanding with the Trump administration that Iran not be allowed to establish a permanent military foothold in Syria.
Israeli officials estimate that Iran commands about 25,000 fighters in Syria, including members of its own Revolutionary Guard, Shi'ite militants from Iraq and recruits from Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Israel has also said that Hezbollah has built up an arsenal of more than 100,000 rockets, many of which would be capable of striking anywhere within Israeli territory. The last conflict between the two left 1,300 people dead and uprooted more than a million Lebanese and 300,000 to 500,000 Israelis.
(Additional reporting by Luke Baker and Ori Lewis in Jerusalem and Omar Fahmy in Cairo; Writing by Luke Baker, Editing by Angus MacSwan and Ralph Boulton)
ARSENAL 3 WEST HAM UNITED 0
Arsenal re-ignited their stuttering top-four challenge, climbing above Manchester United into fifth place, with a 3-0 home victory over West Ham United in the Premier League on Wednesday.
Rumours of a fan protest were well founded with many empty seats visible at The Emirates Stadium during an otherwise uneventful first hour which yielded few chances before Mesut Ozil curled in a 58th-minute opener.
Theo Walcott doubled the Gunners' advantage, finishing a slick passing move with a close-range finish 10 minutes later, before Olivier Giroud came off the bench and scored a sublime third to seal his side's second win in seven games.
"We come out of a difficult period and our confidence goes quickly and comes back slowly," Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told the BBC.
"We are in the final sprint in the Premier League and consistency will be very important. We have a little handicap on the points front. We have fewer possibilities to drop points."
Arsenal have 54 points from 29 games -- four behind Manchester City, who have played a game more, in fourth.
West Ham, who suffered a fifth straight loss, are 15th with 33 from 31 and are just five points above third-bottom Swansea City, who they host on Saturday, and the drop zone.
The Hammers manager Slaven Bilic was given the support of the club's board this week after a poor run of form - which now stretches to five league defeats in a row -- that has dragged his side into the midst of the relegation battle.
"Of course we are (in a relegation battle). We don't have to hide it," the Croat told the BBC.
"It's not being negative, it's being realistic. I told the players to forget today -- we have big games ahead of us. It's a massive game against Swansea on Saturday. We are in a fight to keep our Premier League status. We have to start winning games.
"To get that confidence back is the key point. One win will change everything for us. Because three points at this stage of the season are massive," he added.
(Reporting by Tom Hayward; Editing by Ken Ferris)
U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with his new National Security Adviser Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster after making the announcement at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida U.S. February 20, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
Government committees rarely make history, but the National Security Council is an exception to the rule.
The equivalent of a presidential board of directors, complete with its own staff, the NSC makes and oversees national security policy. The scope of its current agenda – from determining the best response to North Korea, to addressing Russia's resurgence – reflects the Council's importance as well as its challenges.
In President Donald Trump's White House, running the NSC falls to Lieutenant General H.R. McMaster, the new national security adviser. A respected soldier-scholar, McMaster has a plate-spinner's job: He must guide a dozen departments and agencies as they bring policy proposals to the NSC; make sure their debates don't devolve into deadlock; and champion those decisions in the Oval Office, all with an eye on the president's diplomatic, economic and defense policy goals.
Reports so far suggest McMaster is trying to put his mark on the Council. He has eliminated two deputy assistant jobs and reportedly wants to reinstall the director of national intelligence and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to the NSC's nine-member “principals' committee,” its senior cabinet-level group. Through an executive order Trump removed both positions from NSC meetings, and replaced them with Steve Bannon, his senior counselor.
But none of these changes solve McMaster's biggest problem – running a disciplined NSC for a president who is anything but. Like previous national security advisors, McMaster must build his personal ties and credibility with the president. But whether he can influence Trump remains to be seen.
From its origins in the Cold War to the policymaking challenges facing the Council today, the NSC's history offers McMaster several lessons worth considering as he shapes his White House role.
The National Security Council inevitably reflects the president and his style.
History suggests that the Trump NSC will be the product of the president it serves.
President Dwight Eisenhower gave his NSC major responsibilities, reflecting his wartime experience as supreme Allied commander well-versed in delegating responsibility and bringing together antagonistic allies to make critical decisions. Eisenhower kept his “principals' committee” small, but expanded the Council.
President John F. Kennedy's Council was different from Ike's. Kennedy shrunk the NSC, preferring a leaner staff that fit his hands-on style. The pendulum swung again with Lyndon Johnson, whose disinterest in foreign affairs and policy details led him to largely ignore the NSC.
Relationships matter.
McMaster needs to staff the NSC with people who know the issues and bureaucratic ropes, but his relationships with the “principals” such as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary James Mattis matters even more. Several White Houses demonstrate what happens when these relationships go awry.
Under President Jimmy Carter, National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski argued for a more assertive policy toward the Soviet Union. His disagreements with Secretary of State Cyrus Vance over relations with Moscow spiraled into public battles, undermining the administration's image at home and abroad.
Despite her rapport with President George W. Bush, Condoleezza Rice fought a different battle; she found herself and her position challenged by Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. A hardliner on terrorism, Cheney clashed with Rice over the treatment of suspected jihadists and other issues after 9/11. In her memoir Rice recounted near-constant friction with Rumsfeld, who pulled no punches after leaving office, dismissing Rice as an “academic.”
The national security adviser cannot play second fiddle to the “principals.”
McMaster should be at the president's elbow for all national security issues. But because of Trump's preference for management-by-mosh-pit, his family-based inner circle, and his own often erratic behavior, McMaster's role is less certain. His predecessors have been in the same position.
A believer in cabinet government, President Ronald Reagan downgraded the NSC, turning to his principals to make and manage policy. He appointed a revolving door of national security advisers – six in two terms. Virtually all played second string to more powerful figures such as Secretary of State George Schultz and Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger. Without a strong adviser to handle their differences, however, the men's policy battles – over the Middle East and arms control, among others – paralyzed the administration
Reagan faced the consequences in his second term, when the Iran-Contra scandal revealed his national security policymaking in disarray. Appointed in the aftermath of the scandal to examine the NSC, the Tower Commission criticized the president's relationship with his national security adviser, calling for tighter presidential control over the Council and its cabinet principals.
Even without this level of controversy, McMaster faces major hurdles. Foremost is competition from Trump's inner circle. The Strategic Initiatives Group – a newly established team composed of Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner and several Bannon acolytes – is encroaching on the NSC's domain. Kushner has also become a liaison to the Oval Office for leaders from more than two dozen countries, challenging McMaster as the point person for foreign access to Trump.
The NSC's principals, McMaster's key policymaking constituency, lack the undersecretaries and assistant secretaries they need. With hundreds of these jobs unfilled the secretaries of State, Defense and Homeland Security, among others, are ill-equipped to handle the issues and decisions that face them when they get to the NSC's table.
To be sure, McMaster could still build an effective council. When Frank Carlucci and Colin Powell became national security advisers after the Iran-Contra scandal, they reshaped President Reagan's NSC, streamlining the Council's decision making. And McMaster has plenty of resources, including an estimated 400-person staff, to get the job done.
But for McMaster to create order out of the chaos that currently defines White House national security policymaking, he needs support from the president. That makes his greatest challenge Trump himself.
April 3 Korea Industrial Co Ltd :
* Says it will sell 400,005 shares of common stock from April 4 to July 3
* Says offering price is 7,340 won/share, 2.94 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/L8LkfX
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Kipper Jones Ashes To Ash Cover
Contact
Jay Ray
***@staticc.com Jay Ray
End
-- Legendary Songwriter Kipper Jones (Brandy's "I Wanna Be Down" and Vanessa Williams' "The Comfort Zone") will release his free single "Ashes to Ashes..." as part of his. Ahead of the release of the single, Jones will release a video to accompany the song.Of theitself, Jones says:"James Baldwin said 'The precise role of the artist, then, is to illuminate that darkness, blaze roads through vast forests, so that we will not, in all our doing, lose sight of it's purpose, which is after all, to make the world a more human dwelling place!'Art is power. Art has sculpted civilizations, defined generations, and defied the very confines that it exists in. Artistic response to social upheaval, social unrest, or social uncertainty, is more than just natural. It's necessary!Art doesn't just speak truth to power. Art IS power! And with that, I challenge every artist; every musician, every songwriter, every poet, painter, dancer, photographer, fashion designer, every creator of inspired content to make a statement responding to the change in the political administration."Both the video and the downloadable single will be made available via his website https://www.KipperJones.com Artists are encouraged to share theirartistic creations on social media using the hashtag #InaugurationDayChallenge and by emailing them to theinaugurationdaychallenge@staticc.com.In addition to penning hits for Brandy, Vanessa Williams and Kenny Lattimore, Jones co-wrote "Man With Nothing To Lose" by Geno Young ( https://vimeo.com/ 16567431 ). The song was rated one of theby Soul Tracks.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
People parking at the 1st Street lot in Avila Beach will now have to input their license plate numbers as part of an upgrade to the system that aims to stop drivers from transferring permits. Kaytlyn Leslie kleslie@thetribunenews.com
VANCOUVER — Drivers in British Columbia should brace for record high gasoline prices this summer and the financial pain has the potential to spread across the country, says a petroleum industry analyst.
Dan McTeague of the online tech company GasBuddy predicts that beginning in April and continuing to September, gasoline prices across much of B.C.'s south coast will hover around $1.60 a litre.
He blames the hike on high demand and chronically short supply, made even worse by Friday's announcement that the Olympic pipeline that distributes gasoline throughout Washington and Oregon will be taken off-line for four or five days of maintenance.
Prices across Vancouver hit about $1.55 over the weekend, while Victoria remained around $1.40, but McTeague warns southern Vancouver Island could see an eight-cent-a-litre leap as the ripple from short supplies and climbing local taxes spreads.
The high for a litre of gasoline in Metro Vancouver was set on June 22, 2014, when the price was just under $1.56.
McTeague said some analysts fear higher prices will spread east.
“People are shaking their heads,” he said. “It's become quite the story, with some national overtones.”
McTeague said other parts of the country are not looking at the same prices for gas, particularly because of B.C.'s taxes on gas.
“It's not quite the same thing, you are not dealing with 50-cent-a-litre taxes and you are not dealing with a shortage in the same way Vancouver is experiencing,” he said. “But it does suggest, I think, the likelihood of breaking the all-time record in Vancouver will likely happen this week.”
In other parts of the country on Monday, the average price for gas was just under $1.14 a litre in Edmonton, about $1.25 in Toronto and around $1.12 in Halifax.
Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain pipeline supplies about 50 per cent of the gasoline for B.C.'s south coast, but McTeague says it is already congested and can't meet the region's demand.
The expected lengthy maintenance shutdown of the Parkland refinery, which McTeague said carries 25 per cent of the Vancouver-area's gasoline, has further crimped supply, while the low dollar adds to the expense of topping up from Washington state refineries.
“By any stretch or by any measure, the price you are paying in Vancouver is, for most people, prohibitive,” said McTeague.
Los Angeles is the other city in North America where gas prices are unusually high, selling at $3.50 a gallon. But McTeague said even when the exchange rate and other factors are calculated, B.C. drivers would pay about $5.00 for a gallon.
Dungannon Swifts manager Rodney McAree is not planning to bring in a number of new recruits in the January transfer window - but he doesn't want to see any of his players heading for the exit door.
McAree watched on as side came from 2-0 behind to Glentoran at the Oval to claim a 2-2 draw and a share of the spoils.
Both Dungannon's goal came from striker Andrew Mitchell - who has scored 18 times this season - and boss McAree wants the striker to stay at the Swifts.
“I would be more concerned about losing players than bringing players in. If I could keep what I have I would be very, very happy.
“If I could bolster the squad a wee bit and bring a couple in that would be great.
“I have already brought in Tommy Lockhart from Rathrisland. He is a left sided attacking player and he has done very well in training.
“So if I don't add anybody else and I don't lose anybody I will be delighted,” he added.
But Glentoran manager Gary Haveron could not hide his disappointment after watching his side give away a two goal lead.
And he says changes may have to be made at the Oval.
“A lot of our players won't want to leave this club but come the end of the season they will not have a choice. There are people here who are not going enough with their performances to justify staying here. We all have to justify and prove that we belong at a club of this size and this level.
“We are not doing it. We are not doing enough. We really need to kick-on and get up and running again. “
The Glens were 2-0 up at the break through goals from Curtis Allen and James Ferrin and Haveron couldn't believe they let the Swifts back in the game.
“The first half we were very much in control of the game. But again - like against Ballymena - we didn't stand up and be counted in the second half.”
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
LONDON David Goffin sent Belgium into the their second Davis Cup semi-final in three years on Sunday with a decisive victory over Italy's Paolo Lorenzi in Charleroi.
Goffin's 6-3 6-3 6-2 triumph in front of a boisterous home crowd gave Belgium a 3-1 lead and sent them into a home semi-final against Australia who also wrapped up victory over the United States thanks to Nick Kyrgios's defeat of Sam Querrey.
France sealed victory over Britain on Saturday and will face Novak Djokovic's Serbia who also saw off Spain in two days.
Belgium, beaten by Britain in the 2015 final, had been one point away from beating Italy on Saturday only for Joris de Loore and Rubens Bemelmans to lose their doubles against Simone Bolelli and Andreas Seppi having had a matchpoint.
Any hope of an Italy comeback were snuffed out by Goffin though who was ruthless against Lorenzi as he took his record to 13 wins in 14 Davis Cup singles matches.
"I am very happy, I knew David had the level but you have to deliver and he did. He played a very professional match, handling the nerves," Belgium skipper Johan van Herck said.
"I think we have a really good team. Australia do too ... we have the home advantage. We have a chance to beat them.
"This doesn't have to end here. We are going to go into the semi-final with a lot of ambition and try to reach our second final in three years."
The semi-finals will take place in September.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Using Google Maps to find your way to public transport is one thing, but once you hop on the bus you're largely flying blind when it comes to finding your stop.
Well, a small but useful update to Google Maps is set to change this once and for all.
Soon the feature will give people guidance and interactive real-time notifications for their journey, so they will know when to get off the bus or train.
These updates will not only appear in the Google Maps app, but will be visible on the Android lock screen to ensure people don't miss any vital information.
Advertisement
Below the popular times chart, there's also a section that helps users plan their visit by offering information on the peak wait times and duration. Photo / File
After searching for transit directions in Google Maps, users will be able to press a "start" button at the bottom the screen that will offer more details about the journey.
The feature will also offer live updates, including reminders to get off your bus or train when you are almost at your stop.
According to TechCrunch, this update will make using Maps for transit directions similar to the experience you would find when walking, cycling or driving.
But more than anything it will be a godsend for those travelling somewhere new or people who tend to doze off while on public transport.
The feature is just one of many small updates to the app, which promise to make life easier.
Another addition coming to Google Maps is the ability to show how long you'll have to wait to get a seat at a restaurant at any particular hour.
By opening the business listing in the app, users will be able to access a "popular times" section, which will show how long customers could be expected to wait in real-time.
Users can also click on any hour on a bar graph to see how long the wait will be for that period. Google says the estimates are based on "anonymised historical data".
The new wait time feature will be supported on nearly a million sit-down restaurant listings across the globe and will challenge a number of third-party apps.
Pankhuri
A day ago, Pankhuri shared a picture and wrote, "Hello, you missed your countdown post! You'll have to do two today I guess! #lol #3 #letsdocloseups #waterandice."
Gautam & Pankhuri Engaged
Regarding Pankhuri, Gautam had told BT, "I feel lucky to have found a life partner like her. We share the same wavelength and she has fit into my family perfectly."
Pankhuri Says...
The actress told, "We have taken the first step. The families have wholeheartedly welcomed our union. In Gautam, I have found the answer to all my dreams. I'm eagerly looking forward to the most important phase of my life."
Suryaputra Karn Actors
For the uninitiated, Gautam and Pankhuri met each other on the sets of Sony TV's Suryaputra Karn. Gautam played the role of Karna, while Pankhuri was seen portrayed the role of Draupadi.
Gautam & Pankhuri's Wedding Will Be A Grand Affair!
Although the couple's age difference had initially become a matter of concern for both their parents, they eventually agreed to the match. Apparently, the wedding will be a grand North Indian affair.
Forget the Russia investigation, sexual harassment scandals, appointment of a Supreme Court justice or even the damage caused by wildfires and hurricanes this year.
The most consequential occurrence of 2017 took place Dec. 6 – just in time for this week's Jewish Festival of Lights – when America formally recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
President Trump's declaration was about 70 years overdue. American presidents have promised to recognize Jerusalem during their campaign bids, but haven't. Trump promised, and did. As a result, shock, outrage, riots and marches ensued. Despite the fallout, Trump did the right thing.
While many Americans agree with the Arab rage, they forget the big picture. The modern state of Israel, in the works before World War II began, is the direct result of the Holocaust, in which Nazi Germany exterminated 6 million Jews. The state of Israel was a “final solution” of sorts by the international community, and a place of refuge for the perennially persecuted Jewish people. The land of Israel has a 3,000-year Jewish history. And the logical place for its capital is Jerusalem, where the seat of ancient Jewish government stood and where its foundation, the Temple Mount, still stands today.
I understand the inclination to question why Trump would stir the already perilous waters of the Middle East. Is he inciting hatred against Israelis and Americans? Is he ignorant of potential peace-process consequences? Does he even want peace? I don't know his motivations, but I do know I like his willingness to stand up for what's right. And what's right in this case is standing by the Jewish people, who have a homeland they can call their own, where Jerusalem is the appropriate seat of government.
I studied abroad in Jerusalem in 1995 and went back in 1998 for a few months as a volunteer at an organization that helped Jewish immigrants, mostly those fleeing Russian persecution. The hot topic back in the 1990s was the Oslo accords, which primarily clamped down on expansion of Jewish settlements in Gaza and the West Bank as a concession for peace with the Palestinians.
Well, we all know 25 years on that those peace accords have fizzled. Palestinian Muslims (let us not forget there are Palestinian Christians, too) insist that Jerusalem is their rightful capital and that the Jews are imposters. And, for them, this is why America's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital is such an obstacle to the peace process. They want Jerusalem, too.
While there's no denying Jews' historical claim to Jerusalem, the reality on the ground proves Jerusalem is already Israel's capital. The Knesset, Israel's parliament building, is in Jerusalem. The prime minister resides there. The Supreme Court of Israel is there. The United States also has a consulate near the Knesset building (and will move its embassy there). Other nations have consulates in Jerusalem, as well.
So, Jerusalem is already Israel's operating capital, and Trump just confirmed the obvious. Why it took America 70 years is a question for future generations to judge.
While the formal recognition simply confirms reality, what is truly amazing is our president's willingness to defy peer pressure and stand up for what he believes. Trump is a strong man – not in an authoritarian way, as many on the left warn, but in his style of leadership. For decades, on this issue at least, America has caved to peer pressure and gone along with what the Muslim nations wanted. No more.
Trump's stand reminds me of the John Cougar Mellencamp song lyric: “You've gotta stand right up for something, or you're gonna fall for anything.” For years we've fallen for the argument saying we shouldn't risk riling the Muslim-dominated Middle East just to make a political point. Well, this is not a political point. It's a matter of recognizing the wishes of the Jewish people, who lost 6 million members not too long ago and have been harassed by their Arab neighbors since Israel was established in 1948.
Wars, rockets, bombings, shootings – the Jews have put up with a lot. I'm proud to live in a country that recognizes their plight. Eighteen of the 21 Arab League nations don't even recognize Israel's right to exist as a country, let alone with Jerusalem as its capital. America, by denying the Jerusalem-as-capital issue, has enabled the anti-Israel cause in hopes it would bring peace. And it hasn't.
The Jews' Nazi exterminators sought a 1,000-year reign. That effort, thankfully, was derailed by the fighting men of America, Great Britain and Russia. I hope the Israeli people enjoy a 1,000-year reign over Jerusalem with the backing of nations like America that are willing to stand up for their historical claims – both ancient and modern.
John Balentine, a former managing editor for Sun Media Group, lives in Windham.
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
April 3 Coty Inc
* Entered agreement to acquire exclusive long-term global license rights for Burberry beauty luxury fragrances, cosmetics and skincare
* Coty will pay a cash consideration of 130 mln pounds for long-term exclusive global license
* Deal is expected to close in calendar Q4 2017, at which point Coty will buy from Burberry approximately 50 mln pounds of inventory Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Social Reality Inc
* Steven Antebi reports 5.8 percent stake in Social Reality Inc as of March 24, 2017 - SEC filing
* G. Tyler Runnels, Steven Antebi - intend to consider whether to formally seek changes in the present management or directors of social reality Source: (bit.ly/2njCYnr) Further company coverage:
Manny Pacquiao of the Philippines gets ready for the start of a round during his title fight against WBO welterweight champion Jessie Vargas at the Thomas & Mack Center in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S., November 5, 2016. REUTERS/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus
MELBOURNE Filipino great Manny Pacquaio will defend his WBO welterweight title against unbeaten Australian Jeff Horn in Brisbane in July after a bout with Amir Khan fell through, local media reported.
"We're not able to fight Amir Khan because of Ramadan, so we decided to take this fight in the interim," Pacquiao's adviser Michael Koncz said in comments published by News Corp media.
"We signed it, so yeah, we're excited about it. But again, my preference was to fight Amir Khan. That didn't work out. We had this on the table so we decided to take it."
Eight-division world champion Pacquiao agreed to an April fight against Briton Khan in the United Arab Emirates but his promoter Bob Arum said last month it had been postponed after the $38 million offer for the bout failed to materialise.
The July 2 fight against Horn will be the 38-year-old Pacquiao's first since his unanimous decision victory for the title over American Jessie Vargas in Las Vegas last November.
"Manny will train and do the best he can and hopefully we get the fight over with very quickly, we get out of there, we say 'hi' to the Australian fans and media and come home," Koncz said.
"Frankly and honestly, and nothing against Jeff Horn -- I've never met the kid, I don't know him personally -- but the name recognition is I guess why the fans picked Amir Khan."
In February, Philippines senator Pacquiao (59-6-2) asked fans on Twitter who he should fight next in a four-man poll and 48 percent of the respondents voted for Khan.
Horn (16-0-1) won seven percent behind Briton Kell Brook (24 percent) and American Terence Crawford (21).
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by John O'Brien)
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Stone Baskets Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Boston Scientific, Cook Medical, Olympus, Coloplast Corp, BARD, Medi-Globe Technologies, Stryker, Cogentix Medical, EUROMED.
The report begins with introducing the global Stone Baskets market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Stone Baskets report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-stone-baskets-market/5929/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Stone Baskets Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Nitinol Stone Basket, Stainless Steel Stone Basket.
Stone Baskets Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospitals, Clinics.
Key points in the Stone Baskets Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-stone-baskets-market/5929/#inquiry
From all of this Stone Baskets market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Stone Baskets market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Stone Baskets distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Soccer-Fire hits Russian World Cup construction site in Volgograd
MOSCOW, June 14 A fire broke out on Wednesday at the soccer World Cup venue under construction in the southern Russian city of Volgograd, authorities said, attributing its cause to neglected safety regulations.
Motivational Speaker and Co-Creator of Autobiographical Play "The Elephant in Every Room I Enter" Humorously Talks of Life as an Actor with Tourette Syndrome
Gardiner Comfort
Contact
Roger W. Yoerges
***@capitaltalentagency.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12658273/1 Roger W. Yoerges
End
-- Capital Talent Agency, LLC, has signed actor, playwright, and educator Gardiner Comfort to its Speaker's Division. Comfort, who was born and raised in New York City, holds an MFA in acting from the American Repertory Theater Acting Institute at Harvard University and a BS in Theater from Skidmore College. Gardiner has traveled the world as an actor in many productions, from Shakespeare to contemporary works.At age 7, Comfort was diagnosed with Tourette Syndrome about which he has developed an original, live production, "The Elephant in Every Room I Enter," with director Kel Haney. "Elephant in Every Room" is a humorous and compelling recounting of Comfort's life with Tourette Syndrome and his life-changing visit in 2014 to the Tourette Association of America's National Conference in Washington, DC. That experience caused Comfort to dedicate much of his professional life to reaching out to audiences with disabilities, helping them to be accepted and accepting, to develop stronger connections with the world around them, and to believe that living with a disability should not affect one's ability to change the world for the better. Comfort's story is captivating, and his optimism and humor in the face of difficult circumstances are moving.Comfort also teaches acting and theater games to young people throughout New York City, and he serves as an adjunct professor at Queens College in the Department of Drama, Theater, and Dance. In recent years, Comfort volunteers with The 52nd Second Street Project, an arts-in-education program in New York City, and he coaches actors at all levels of experience. He also works closely with the NYC Chapter of the Tourette Association of America, mentoring children and speaking at schools."As an actor and teacher with years of experience speaking to crowds of all sizes, I'm excited to offer my story and outlook to those seeking a charismatic speaker," said Comfort upon signing with CTA. "Be it a corporation, non-profit, faculty or medical staff, my insight and ability to connect to large and varied groups hopefully will be inspirational and motivational.""Gardiner's story is a quintessentially American one," said Roger W. Yoerges, CEO of Capital Talent Agency. "Beating the odds and embracing his disability, Gardiner has honed his skills as a first-rate actor and educator. We think that Gardiner will be in great demand on the motivational speaking circuit. He's entertaining and compelling and, at bottom, uplifting."Gardiner Comfort is available to speak at events and panels sponsored by corporations, business associations, colleges and other educational institutions, civic groups, and governmental and healthcare organizations throughout the country.*******Formed in 2009, Capital Talent Agency, LLC (CTA) became the first Equity- and SAG-AFTRA-franchised agency based in Washington, DC, to provide professional services to talent in a thriving artistic community. Today, CTA has expanded both its scope of talent and services and represents clients in Virginia, Maryland, Washington, DC, New York City, and Los Angeles who work nationally in theater, film, television, and a variety of voiceover media. CTA added literary representation in 2011, serving authors of all genres. CTA's roster also includes speakers who appear nationally and internationally. CTA was built around the personal and professional needs of its clients, not only providing representation, but also career planning, financial guidance, travel support, and more. http://capitaltalentagency.com/
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator John McCain on Friday strongly criticized President Donald Trump, a fellow Republican, for attacking the FBI and the Department of Justice amid the federal government's Russia probe, saying such attacks only help strengthen Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him,” McCain said in a statement. He was referring to the federal probe into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion by Trump's campaign.
A woman on the 23rd floor of the London apartment fire live streamed the panicked moments smoke was billowing through the hallway, and her attempts to save her neighbours.
Some people may find this content distressing.
Twelve people have been confirmed dead after the huge fire ripped through the Grenfell Tower in Kensington, London.
Rania Ibrham began live streaming on Facebook as the fire raged yesterday.
Another woman can be heard telling Ms Ibrham to keep the front door closed.
"You're going to bring the smoke in. You're not going to be able to breathe.
"You have your children. Standing near the door at the smoke is not going to help them."
However Ms Ibrham opens the door and begins calling out for other residents to come into her home away from the smoke.
The video then shows her calling to police, telling them they are stuck on the 23rd floor of the building.
Contact
Brian Lamb
949-398-2206
***@jemjem.com Brian Lamb949-398-2206
End
-- JemJem, an enterprise e-Commerce platform for refurbished Apple products today brings its customers Apple Pay, which is transforming online payments with an easy, fast, convenient, secure and private payment gateway.With the new streaming update, Apple Pay is now available to all JemJem customers. With the tractability of the template, the Apple Pay button can be displayed on product pages, allowing instant single items or integrated purchases seamlessly into the checkout process, authorizing the customers to quickly purchase their entire basket in a single instinctual step.Privacy and security is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use your card with it, the actual card numbers are stored on the device or on the Apple servers. As a substitute, a unique device account number is assigned, encoded and stored securely in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is authorized with a one-time unique security code.Apple Pay is easy to arrange and the users will continue to receive all the rewards and beneﬁts offered by debit and credit cards.Shopping online on websites and through apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as a touch of a finger with Touch ID, so there is no need to manually fill in the overlong account forms or type in the billing and shipping information repeatedly.JemJem is the largest online retailer of refurbished apple products in the USA. Taking pride in the quality and the condition of the products it sells, every product or accessory sold by the company goes through a certification process that ensures full sanitization of each and every device and full functionality. In addition to this, all the refurbished products come with a 90-day warranty.Logon to https://www.jemjem.com/ for more information.
FILE PHOTO: An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple Store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, U.S., December 5, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
NEW YORK Active stock fund managers around the world are holding the lowest percentage of Apple Inc (AAPL.O) shares in their portfolios when compared to the iPhone maker's overall weighting in indexes, even as the shares hit record highs, according to a research note by investment bank UBS late Monday.
The current positioning by investors suggests Apple stock has room to run as portfolio managers chase performance. This should give Apple more fuel even after it rallied 56.4 percent in the 12 months leading up to Monday's close.
"Active fund managers as a whole continue to underperform their benchmarks and are not going to want to leave a lot of performance on the table if they continue to see this company rally," said Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF and mutual fund research at CFRA, an independent research firm in New York.
Only about a third of large-cap core mutual funds are ahead of the 6.7 percent gain in the benchmark S&P 500 index for the year to date, leaving portfolio managers struggling to prove their worth at a time when low-priced index funds and exchange traded funds that mimic benchmarks continue to take market share, Rosenbluth said.
The UBS ranking was based on institutional investment in individual stocks. The total dollar holdings in a stock were compared to the size of the overall fund portfolio to calculate the stock's "investor weight." This was later compared with "the relevant equity index benchmark to form the active weight."
For its part, global fund managers' "investor weight" of Apple stood at 1.3 percent while their "active weight" positioning was negative 0.6 percent, UBS data showed. In a regulatory filing, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway reported owning 57.4 million shares of Apple as of Dec. 31, up from just from 15.2 million shares three months earlier.
Shares of Apple are up about 26.8 percent for the year to date in anticipation of a new iPhone model expected to be released in September marking the 10th anniversary of its flagship product.
Sales of the iPhone, which account for 69.4 percent of Apple's total revenue, were larger than expected in the quarter that ended Dec. 31, helping mitigate concerns about consumers switching to cheaper alternatives or holding on to their current phones longer.
"You're not seeing a slowdown in demand ahead of a major upgrade year, and there's a potential for higher costs and margins with the new model," said Steve Chiavarone, a portfolio manager at Federated Investors.
Apple reports second-quarter results after the closing bell.
(Reporting by David Randall; Editing by Jennifer Ablan and David Gregorio)
LUBBOCK, TX - JANUARY 31: Mohamed Bamba #4 of the Texas Longhorns dunks the basketball during the first half of the game against the Texas Tech Red Raiders on January 31, 2018 at United Supermarket Arena in Lubbock, Texas. (Photo by John Weast/Getty Images)
The Longhorns are set to host Oklahoma on Saturday afternoon, with tip set for 5:15 pm. Texas enters the matchup following a buzzer-beater loss at Texas Tech on Wednesday, while the Sooners defeated Baylor on Tuesday night.
You can watch the game on ESPN, and listen to it on 100.7 FM in Dallas. You can also follow the game along live HERE.
Check back after the game for instant analysis.
Twitter: @mshap2
MADRID (Reuters) - Spain's Caixabank (CABK.MC) said on Friday its fourth quarter net profit more than doubled against the same quarter last year, thanks to a favourable comparison as it set aside more than 100 million euros (87.58 million pounds) to cover mis-sold mortgages in the year-ago period.
However, quarterly net profit fell 70 percent against the third quarter as its Portuguese unit BPI suffered a devaluation in its BFA unit in Angola.
Net profit for the fourth quarter was 196 million euros, below analysts' forecasts in a Reuters polled estimate of 352 million euros.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City club captain Paul Robinson felt disrespected when he was told to train with the club's Under 23s by the last management team.
Robinson, who has made 174 appearances in five years at Blues, has been reintegrated into the senior squad by new boss Steve Cotterill.
He played a full 90 minutes for the Under 23 team on Tuesday night and is intent on being ready if another chance with the first team comes along.
And even though he was training with the development set-up, he insisted he remained as professional as ever - even if he didn't understand why.
“Of course you are not happy with it if you don't get a reason why you are training with the 23s,” the 38-year-old said.
“But that's just the way it goes. For me it was just important that I kept my positive mentality and trained at the right tempo and I encouraged the young lads, I worked hard and kept myself fit, it's important for me to lead by example.
“Whatever people do is totally up to them, as a person I am mentally strong.
“I have been at this club a long time now and it means a lot to me.
“You have to be professional in this game and if that's the way people sometimes want to treat you then that's up to them.
“I just get on with it, simple as that. I have seen it all. I have been in similar positions before.
“When you get older you don't expect that type of treatment but for me it's important that when the lads are looking at you I'm positive, working hard and helping others. If I am looking down and disappointed at where I am at, then that's not being a good example.
“I am at a great club and I enjoy playing and doing my best for everybody involved.
“Sometimes it's nice to get that respect back as well - a little bit.
“When you get to a certain age everyone looks at you as a negative. For me it's just a number.
“I train the way I play, that's important for me, the passion and drive I have for what I do is why I am still playing, that's why I am a winner and I care so much.”
It is becoming clearer day by day that the Acht na Gaeilge campaign has been hijacked by Sinn Fein to promote — not equality — but a form of cultural supremacy.
I do not doubt that the campaign for an Irish Language Act is a fair and honest campaign.
Sinn Fein leader in Northern Ireland Michelle O'Neill joins Irish language act campaigners, including pupils from Irish-medium schools, in a protest at Stormont on Thursday. Photo: Brian Lawless/PA Wire
However, I do take issue when I see our children - our country's future - stand with signs that say “Revolution is the Solution” while at the same time promoting a political party they probably know nothing about.
As a society we should be promoting the message that “Democracy is the Solution” and that revolution in the form that was promoted and justified by Sinn Fein – even today – should never take to our streets again.
Let's stop the political jockeying for position between the DUP and Sinn Fein.
Both know neither will concede to the demands of the other, and a token Ulster Scots Act or some concessions over the Armed Forces Covenant will not hide the devastating and divisive effects an ILA will have on Northern Ireland in today's political environment.
Letters to Editor
Nobody is more frustrated at the lack of progress than I am.
It is clear to me that unless the Government grabs the current impasse by the scruff of the neck and puts alternatives on the table should these current talks fail — such as voluntary coalition — I now believe there will be no alternative to direct rule.
Doug Beattie MLA, UUP, Upper Bann
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The rival Koreas on Wednesday began two days of friendly basketball games in Pyongyang in their latest goodwill gesture amid a diplomatic push to resolve the nuclear standoff with North Korea.
Female players from North and South Korea were mixed into two teams that competed against each other at Pyongyang's Ryugyong Jong Ju Yong Gymnasium. The men's mixed teams play later in the day.
The South Koreans will play against the North Korean men's and women's teams on Thursday before returning home on Friday.
The games will precede a planned three-day visit to North Korea by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo for meetings over the future of the North's nuclear program.
Advertisement
It wasn't immediately clear whether North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, a noted basketball fan, would attend any of the games.
The South Korean delegation, including 50 players and government officials, arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday on two military aircraft.
The exchanges are the latest result of a diplomatic outreach to the South that Kim announced during his annual New Year's speech. That led to the North's participation in the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in February and two summits between Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in. Kim has also met with China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump.
The inter-Korean summits have facilitated a slew of goodwill gestures between the Koreas, which have also agreed to field combined teams at the Jakarta Asian Games in August.
Basketball diplomacy has something of a history in North Korea.
Former NBA player Dennis Rodman arranged a game in Pyongyang in 2014 for Kim's birthday.
South Korea's Hyundai business group built a basketball stadium in Pyongyang during a previous era of rapprochement between South and North, and a joint game was played there in 2003. Two rounds of inter-Korean basketball games were held before that, in 1999.
May 2 Kontron AG:
* Supervisory board of Kontron AG approves conclusion of a merger agreement
* S&T AG, Linz (Austria), has today taken a decision in principle on a non-cash capital increase, excluding subscription rights of existing shareholders
* Exact exchange ratio and amount of additional cash‎ compensation are currently being determined, will be resolved subsequently be published timely before annual general meeting of kontron ag on June 19, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Milan May 2 - The following factors could affect Italian markets on Tuesday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
Markit/ADACI releases April PMI manufacturing (0745 GMT).
ISTAT releases March unemployment data (0800 GMT).
Transport Ministry releases April car sales data (1600 GMT).
April state sector borrowing requirement data.
POLITICS
Former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi easily regained the leadership of the ruling Democratic Party (PD) on Sunday with an overwhelming victory in a primary election among party members. Renzi won about 70 percent of some 1.8 million votes cast. The other two candidates had about 20 percent and 10 percent, according to the party's website.
COMPANIES
Milan Stock Exchange presents companies admitted to 'Elite' (1200 GMT).
LUXOTTICA
The world's largest eyewear group Luxottica said like-for-like sales fell 3.5 percent in the first quarter, hit by a recently introduced policy of reducing discounts and promotions online and across its retail network.
BANCA CARIGE
The board said on Friday it had approved the sale of a portfolio of bad loans worth 950 million euros to a securitisation vehicle by the end of June.
BANCA POPOLARE DI VICENZA
Deposits have started to return to Popolare di Vicenza after an outflow helped to drive the troubled Italian bank's direct funding down 14.4 percent last year, its chief executive said on Friday.
The shareholder meeting has voted in favor of the confirmation of CEO Fabrizio Viola for 2017 and 2018.
Veneto Banca and Popolare di Vicenza could reach a preliminary deal with bank fund Atlante II to sell part of its bad loans wrapped through a securitisation, Milano Finanza said.
MONTE DEI PASCHI
An inspection on the bank's loans by the European Central Bank has unveiled additional losses for the lender, La Stampa reported on Saturday. The newspaper said that there is no final decision, but there is a risk that the state would have to inject more than the 6.6 billion euros estimated some months ago.
ALITALIA
Shareholders' meeting and possible board meeting.
Alitalia on Saturday denied press reports saying the CEO Cramer Ball was negotiating a multi-million severance package. In a statement the carrier also said that the sale to Etihad Airways of landing and take-off slots at London Heathrow Airport, plus the sale of Alitalia's Millemiglia loyalty programme was fully transparent and at market prices.
The carrier will need a bridge loan of around 500 million euros, several newspapers reported on Saturday.
The European Commission will not have to approve the bridge loan for the carrier because the state will lend money to the Alitalia at market conditions, without triggering state aid rules, Il Sole 24 Ore reported on Saturday.
A decree to put the carrier under special administration will likely open the way to a quick sale of the carrier, Il Messaggero said on Saturday, mentioning Lufthansa as a possible buyer, together with creditor banks.
Il Messaggero said a petition is circulating among Alitalia's employees to ask for re-opening the talks on a restructuring plan rejected some days before.
Low-cost carrier Ryanair could be interested in buying Alitalia, Corriere della Sera said on Saturday.
Mauro Moretti, former CEO of Leonardo, could be the right manager to restructure Alitalia, Milano Finanza said.
Italy's former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi will present an alternative plan for Alitalia by May 15, he said on Friday in a TV interview on Tg5.
Industry Minister Carlo Calenda told Sky TG24 television on Sunday that a sudden collapse of Alitalia would be a great shock for Italy's GDP.
POSTE ITALIANE
The board of the group appointed Matteo Del Fante Chief Executive and Maria Bianca Farina on Friday, confirming the nominations made by the government last month.
ENAV
The Italian air traffic controller is worried about the difficult situation of Alitalia but it sees scarce effects on its business, the CEO said on the sidelines of the shareholder meeting.
PARMALAT
The chairman of the dairy group told the shareholder meeting that top investor Lactalis had not bought additional shares in the company following a takeover on the Italian group.
Parmalat CEO Yvon Guerin said on Friday he sees room for possible acquisitions, also in Italy.
The group will hold a shareholder meeting on May 29 to vote whether to sue directors who managed the company between 2011 an 2012. (*) The company said on Tuesday that its LAG Holding subsidiary had acquired two companies operating in the dairy sector in the United States. The enterprise value of the acquired business was set at around $130 million.
(*) FINCANTIERI
The company said that Vard, 74.45 percent-controlled by Fincantieri, had secured a a contract for the design and construction of a research expedition vessel.
(*) AUTOGRILL
Credit Suisse raised its price target on the stock to 9.10 euros from 8.20 euros and cut its rating to 'underperform' from 'neutral'.
(*) PRYSMIAN
Barclays raised its target price on the stock to 29 euros from 24 euros.
DAVIDE CAMPARI
The shareholder meeting of the beverage group on Friday approved a stock split its ordinary shares with a nominal value of 0.10 euros each into new shares with a nominal value of 0.05 euros apiece.
MONDADORI
The publisher said on Friday it has finalised an agreement on the disposal of the business units involved in the logistics activities of Mondadori Libri and Mondadori Retail to Ceva Logistics Italia.
STEFANEL
The fashion retailer said on Friday it posted a loss of 25.3 million euros in 2016 from a negative result of 7.7 million euros the previous year.
CERVED
Conference call on Q1 results (1330 GMT).
TERNIENERGIA
Annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings (0700 GMT) and board meeting on Q1 results.
Trades ex-dividend: AEROPORTO DI BOLOGNA of 0,277 euro per ordinary share; BANCA IFIS of 0.82 euro per share; BANCA SISTEMA of 0.076 euro per ordinary share; B&C SPEAKERS of 0,40 euro per share as ordinary dividend and 0.60 euro per share as special dividend; CERVED of 0.218 euro per share and 0.029 euro per share as special dividend; GEFRAN of 0.25 euro per share; HEALTH ITALIA of 0.081 euro per ordinary share; MAIRE TECNIMONT of 0.093 euro per share; NOTORIOUS PICTURES of 0.0529 euro per share; SAES GETTERS of 0.550000 euro per ordinary share and of 0.566626 euro per saving share; SAVE of 0.69493 euro per share; TECH-VALUE of 0.06 euro per share.
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
CALGARY, Alberta, Feb. 02, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Suncor will release its fourth quarter financial results on Wednesday, Feb. 7, 2018 before 8:00 p.m. MT (10:00 p.m. ET).
A webcast to review the fourth quarter will be held on Thursday, Feb. 8, 2018 at 7:30 a.m. MT (9:30 a.m. ET). Representing management will be Steve Williams, president and chief executive officer and Alister Cowan, executive vice president and chief financial officer. A question and answer period will follow brief remarks from management. Steve Douglas, vice president, Investor Relations will host the call.
Please note, telephone lines are limited and reserved for those who intend to ask a question.
To participate in the webcast, go to suncor.com/webcasts.
An archive will be available on suncor.com/webcasts.
If you are an analyst or media and would like to participate in the Q&A period:
If calling from North America: 1-866-219-5885
If calling from outside North America: +1-209-905-5918
Suncor Energy is Canada's leading integrated energy company. Suncor's operations include oil sands development and upgrading, offshore oil and gas production, petroleum refining, and product marketing under the Petro-Canada brand. A member of Dow Jones Sustainability indexes, FTSE4Good and CDP, Suncor is working to responsibly develop petroleum resources while also growing a renewable energy portfolio. Suncor is listed on the UN Global Compact 100 stock index. Suncor's common shares (symbol: SU) are listed on the Toronto and New York stock exchanges.
For more information about Suncor, visit our web site at suncor.com, follow us on Twitter @Suncor or together.suncor.com
Media inquiries:
403-296-4000
media@suncor.com
Investor inquiries:
800-558-9071
invest@suncor.com
Read source: http://globenewswire.com/news-release/2018/02/02/1332529/0/en/Suncor-Energy-to-release-fourth-quarter-2017-financial-results.html?f=22&fvtc=5&fvtv=32646628
Mobility business widened with partners able to sell rugged devices from South Korean firm
Westcoast has signed an agreement with M3 Mobile to increase the mobile solutions is offers to its partners.
M3 Mobile is a South Korean firm that specialises in rugged mobile devices aimed at enterprise customers such as logistics, retail or field services.
Customers of M3 Mobile include DHL, who's 150,000 field employees around the world use M3 smartphones, as well as Dominoes, BP, Vision Express and Jaguar Land Rover.
Westcoast head of mobility Darren Seward (pictured) said: “M3 Mobile is a rising star and a great fit for an ambitious company like Westcoast.
“This is a great opportunity to increase our foothold in the enterprise mobility market and means we can offer even bigger and better solutions.”
M3 Mobile sales director Paul Johnson added: “We are really excited to be working with Westcoast.
“Our portfolio of exceptionally-built, well priced ruggedised devices fit beautifully within the Westcoast proposition and offer attractive margin potential for its partners.”
SHANGHAI, March 31 The Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) said on Friday it will improve the way bond repurchase agreements (repos) rates are calculated to reduce volatility, after short-term borrowing costs surged to as much as 32 percent the previous day.
Starting in May, calculation of repo rates will take into account the actual number of days money is borrowed, instead of nominal number of days, the exchange said.
Thursday's surge in the exchange's one-day repo rate was caused by both higher demand for liquidity, and the fact that the money was borrowed for a total of five days due to the Tomb-Sweeping Festival, the exchange said. (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwtich; Editing by Eric Meijer)
April 20 Australian shares clawed back from three-week lows on Thursday as bargain hunters stepped in after the market was sold off in the last three sessions.
The S&P/ASX 200 index rose 8.19 points, or 0.14 percent, to 5812.00 by 0251 GMT.
"Markets have pulled back to the previous break out level and so we're seeing some support from technical buys that are coming in because the price of the index has pulled back too," said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets.
Risk appetite had dented in the last few days hurt by a sustained weakness in commodity prices and as stocks tracked wider market weakness.
Financial stocks bounced back, leading the gains on the benchmark, with the 'big four' banks rising between 0.4 percent and 0.9 percent at one point.
Telecom stocks backed the gains as Telstra hit a one-week high, while rival TPG Telecom rose 2.2 percent, its highest since April 11.
"I think there is bargain hunting in the market today, particularly in the telco sector," said Bill Keenan, general manager of direct equities research at broker Lonsec.
Telstra shares were on a losing streak for four days after TPG won a spectrum auction on April 12.
"It appears that investors have digested the placement from TPG, there is a reassessment of the space going on and some enthusiasm for the lower share prices we are seeing in the telecom sector," McCarthy added.
At the other end, energy stocks continued to be under pressure tracking overnight weakness in crude oil prices.
Woodside Petroleum, Australia's largest independent oil and gas producer, dropped to a more-than two-week low after reporting a fall in quarterly revenue .
Large-cap miner Rio Tinto Ltd hit a one-week high after it maintained its annual iron ore shipment guidance despite weakening ore prices.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index lost 0.22 percent, or 15.56 points, to 7202.95 at 0249 GMT.
Data showed the inflation in the country rose to its highest in five years in the first quarter due to temporary gains from higher oil and food prices.
Consumer and Industrial stocks weighed on the index. A2 Milk Company Ltd was the top loser, falling 2.2 percent. (Reporting by Anusha Ravindranath in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Hanna Paul)
Votion Expands Client Product Offerings & Creates New Opportunities for Team Members BEAVERTON, Ore. - Due to successful product tests in 2016, clients are increasing the number of products offered in the marketing campaigns at Votion. In turn, this opens more advancement opportunity for Votion employees. BEAVERTON, Ore. - April 17, 2017 - PRLog -- As of March 27, 2017, Votion is expanding client products and services in seven different locations nationwide. The selected branches include Portland, Boston, San Diego, Seattle, Atlanta, Long Island and North New Jersey. Votion's Portland, Dallas and New Jersey branches were a part of a successful product test in 2016. Their objective was to exceed client demands in those locations so that those services could be permanently implemented across the nation.
The Portland branch is doing very well with the new product launch, coming back as a veteran from the 2016 test group. Cassie B., the Manager of the Portland branch, has been a leader in three previous test markets and doesn't plan on letting up now. "I am excited about these new services specifically because it helps customers with a need instead of a want," said Cassie. She sites this reason for her market's high sales close rate. Her team works diligently to set up appointments for those customers who are truly in need of the new servicing options, which then makes it easier for clients to make the final sale. Portland branch has a close rate of 42 percent for new products, while the national close rate is 15 percent for all products.
Votion Creates New Opportunities for Team Members
Votion's team is very excited about the new servicing options. Not only does it mean more ways to help customers, but it also means more opportunity for employee advancement. These new products will make it easier for team members to meet qualifications needed for their next promotions. Will G., the Manager of the San Diego branch, is looking forward to utilizing these to leverage his branch's success. "Anyone can be successful," said Will. "It just comes down to work ethic, attitude and repetition." These three attributes are the cornerstone to any Votion branch, so, in theory, seizing available opportunities should be simple. Votion anticipates five to eight additional promotions this year due to the new product options.
Most branches do not have previous experience with this service line. Each will have to create their own strategies for success through trial and error, based on market demographics, geographics and other research data. Jamie B., the Manager of the Boston branch, is eager to work directly with her team in learning tactics that work in her market. "It's okay to have things go wrong," said Jamie. "Our team is learning to have patience and persevere to achieve the results we want." Jamie and her team are very optimistic and have been networking frequently, so it's no surprise that their efforts have been paying off. She is expecting to expand her territory by opening another branch on the North side of Boston in the next four months. This will mean a huge promotion for one hardworking individual in her office.
Other branches have had experience with these services in 2016 and were thrilled to have them permanently brought back. Ryan B., the Manager of Votion's North New Jersey office, has a special connection with this product line specifically because it symbolizes his promotion to Management. "I was one of the top Representatives in the country who was initially selected to be part of the test market," said Ryan. "That experience added to the momentum of my management training. It ultimately gave me the opportunity to take over the North Jersey Market as an Owner." Now Ryan plans to utilize his insight on this product line again in order to give his team a shot at the same success he achieved.
The new product and service options are expected to be available to all Votion branches by the end of Summer 2017.
About Votion
Votion specializes in branding through business-to- consumer direct marketing. This takes out the middleman of indirect marketing and allows us to personalize client promotions to diverse consumer markets. The effectiveness of our campaigns and business model has created a huge return on investment for clients, causing high demand for more of our expert services locally and nationally. Every promotional- marketing campaign is precisely planned to bridge the gap between clients and the public. By widening the reach of the clients we represent, we deliver cost-effective solutions with measurable results.
http://www.votionpdx.com
Contact
Cheyenne Carter
5037464140
info@votionpdx.com Cheyenne Carter5037464140 End -- As of March 27, 2017, Votion is expanding client products and services in seven different locations nationwide. The selected branches include Portland, Boston, San Diego, Seattle, Atlanta, Long Island and North New Jersey. Votion's Portland, Dallas and New Jersey branches were a part of a successful product test in 2016. Their objective was to exceed client demands in those locations so that those services could be permanently implemented across the nation.The Portland branch is doing very well with the new product launch, coming back as a veteran from the 2016 test group. Cassie B., the Manager of the Portland branch, has been a leader in three previous test markets and doesn't plan on letting up now. "I am excited about these new services specifically because it helps customers with a need instead of a want," said Cassie. She sites this reason for her market's high sales close rate. Her team works diligently to set up appointments for those customers who are truly in need of the new servicing options, which then makes it easier for clients to make the final sale. Portland branch has a close rate of 42 percent for new products, while the national close rate is 15 percent for all products.Votion's team is very excited about the new servicing options. Not only does it mean more ways to help customers, but it also means more opportunity for employee advancement. These new products will make it easier for team members to meet qualifications needed for their next promotions. Will G., the Manager of the San Diego branch, is looking forward to utilizing these to leverage his branch's success. "Anyone can be successful,"said Will. "It just comes down to work ethic, attitude and repetition."These three attributes are the cornerstone to any Votion branch, so, in theory, seizing available opportunities should be simple. Votion anticipates five to eight additional promotions this year due to the new product options.Most branches do not have previous experience with this service line. Each will have to create their own strategies for success through trial and error, based on market demographics, geographics and other research data. Jamie B., the Manager of the Boston branch, is eager to work directly with her team in learning tactics that work in her market. "It's okay to have things go wrong," said Jamie. "Our team is learning to have patience and persevere to achieve the results we want." Jamie and her team are very optimistic and have been networking frequently, so it's no surprise that their efforts have been paying off. She is expecting to expand her territory by opening another branch on the North side of Boston in the next four months. This will mean a huge promotion for one hardworking individual in her office.Other branches have had experience with these services in 2016 and were thrilled to have them permanently brought back. Ryan B., the Manager of Votion's North New Jersey office, has a special connection with this product line specifically because it symbolizes his promotion to Management. "I was one of the top Representatives in the country who was initially selected to be part of the test market," said Ryan. "That experience added to the momentum of my management training. It ultimately gave me the opportunity to take over the North Jersey Market as an Owner." Now Ryan plans to utilize his insight on this product line again in order to give his team a shot at the same success he achieved.The new product and service options are expected to be available to all Votion branches by the end of Summer 2017.Votion specializes in branding through business-to-consumer direct marketing. This takes out the middleman of indirect marketing and allows us to personalize client promotions to diverse consumer markets. The effectiveness of our campaigns and business model has created a huge return on investment for clients, causing high demand for more of our expert services locally and nationally. Every promotional-marketing campaign is precisely planned to bridge the gap between clients and the public. By widening the reach of the clients we represent, we deliver cost-effective solutions with measurable results. Source : Votion Email : ***@votionpdx.com Tags : Promotion , Portland , Business Industry : Marketing Location : Beaverton - Oregon - United States Subject : Products Account Phone Number Disclaimer Report Abuse Account Email AddressAccount Phone Number Votion News Votion Attends Career Expo and Kicks Off College Recruiting Season Votion's Portland Branch Leads in Revenue Production for Clientele & Expands Client Service Options
April 3 AT&T Inc
* AT&T Inc says created a new global public sector organization and named AT&T executive Kay Kapoor to lead it
* AT&T Inc - Kapoor, who has led AT&T's federal business for four years, will be president of new group Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
During the Festival in 1947 flags of all nations were flown along Princes Street. Several merchants objected to the Soviet Flag in front of their stores and it was moved several times. Bohdan Szuprowicz and friend stole the flag during the night.
Edinburgh papers reported missing flag and provided a cartoon as above
Contact
Bohdan Szuprowicz
maska5@comcast.net Bohdan Szuprowicz
End
-- After WW2 Edinburgh was returning to normalcy, like most towns and cities in Western Europe. One of the leading events in the city was the annual Festival of Music and Drama during August of each year, starting in 1947. For that occasion Princes Street, the representative thoroughfare of the city, was decorated with national flags of all the countries participating in the festival. Among others, it included the red flag of the Soviet Union with a golden hammer and sickle in one corner. When it was flown at the West End in front of Binns department store, the management objected and it was moved to a different location along the street. The establishment in front of which it ended up also objected and another place had to be negotiated with a store that was willing to accept it. Nevertheless these activities got the attention of the local newspapers and it became the talk of the town.Many of our parents and veterans discussed the events and called for a total removal of the flag, but since the Soviet Union was sending a ballet group to perform at the festival, this was not considered possible.Bohdan Szuprowicz and his friend George discussed the possibility of removing the flag as a demonstration of our independence and disapproval of the Soviet imposition of the communist government in Poland. We assessed the project by looking at the ropes, on which the flags were attached to very tall flagpoles along the street, and decided to make an attempt during the middle of the night, when it was dark and street traffic was negligible.It was a night in mid-August when we crept out of the hostel where we lived through a back door, armed with a kitchen knife. We chose one with a serrated edge because it was a question of cutting through a line about half an inch thick in the shortest possible time. When we arrived at the flagpole I had to climb on George's shoulders to reach the point where the rope was tethered to it. Within seconds I unwound it and we pulled the flag down. It turned out to be much larger than we expected. We had to fold it in a way to be able to wind it around George's body and cover it in part with his jacket.When Father Slawik, the Polish priest who ran the hostel, realized the next morning what we had done he panicked and wanted to call the authorities and identify us as culprits. Nevertheless he must have thought better of it because he did not do it and we became little heroes in our Polish community. The local newspapers also had a ball. The next day headline on the front page of the Evening Gazette was; "Gone With the Wind or Stolen". This continued for several days with a cartoon showing a night watchman keeping warm at a coal fire, as he guarded the Soviet flag padlocked to the flagpole and fenced around.Suprowicz described the action in his memoir:About 21st Century ResearchBohdan O. Szuprowicz founded the 21st Century Research consultancy and collaborated with Chase Manhattan Bank in setting up a market research operation to evaluate opportunities in China, the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe. He traveled frequently to those areas and crossed Checkpoint Charlie to East Berlin on several occasions. He also toured South Africa to observe apartheid environments and met with independence fighters in Namibia. His work on network planning earned him an invitation to present it at the International Symposium on Operations Research for Developing Countries in Paris.As a result of his experiences and research into geopolitics, he published "Doing Business with People's Republic of China" and "How to Avoid Strategic Materials Shortages" with John Wiley & Sons, as well as "How to Invest in Strategic Metals" with St. Martin's Press. He also published "Multimedia Networking" with McGraw-Hill, which included Japanese and Korean editions and "Multimedia Tools for Managers" with AMACOM. He collaborated for several years with Computer Technology Research, which published corporate reports on Internet and networking technologies.To see all his published E-Titles and spot an occasional free review copy promotion please click on the link below:Szuprowicz also published hundreds of articles in many countries in journals such as Les Affaires, Atlanta Constitution, Australian Financial News, Barron's Weekly, Bull & Bear, Business South Africa, California Business, Canadian Business, China Business Review, Christian Science Monitor, Computerworld, Denver Post, Dun's Review, Eurofinance, Financial Post, Investment Dealers Digest, IPO Reporter, Japan Economic Journal, National Investment & Finance of India, Newsday, Newsweek International, New Scientist, Oficinas, Singapore Times, Skrzydlata Polska, Usine Nouvelle, Wall Street Microinvestor, Wall Street Transcript, ZeroUno and many others.He has been a frequent speaker, panelist and moderator at international conventions, symposia and conferences. He holds a BS degree from the Imperial College of Science and Technology of the University of London. He also did postgraduate work in journalism and management at Columbia University in New York and UCLA in California.Szuprowicz is an active member of the British Schools and Universities the Schiehallion Club of Kinloch Rannoch, Republican Club of South Sarasota County, National Rifle Association, Sarasota Fiction Writers, Sarasota Authors Connection, Sarasota Writers Forum, Sarasota Camera Club, PC Users Group, and was previously a member of the Royal Aeronautical Society.
ZURICH, April 10 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.7 percent lower at 8,580 points on Monday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
ROCHE
Roche's Alecensa kept people with a specific lung cancer alive longer without their disease progressing than Pfizer's Xalkori, the Swiss drugmaker said on Monday, as it seeks to move in on the U.S. company's share of early treatment of the disease.
For more news, click
GAM HOLDING
Cost-cutting proposals from activist investor Rudolf Bohli could endanger Swiss asset manager GAM Holding's future, Chief Executive Alexander Friedman said in an interview published on Saturday.
For more news, click
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* ChemChina and Syngenta received approval from the Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica in Mexico for the proposed acquisition of Syngenta, a further step towards the closing of the transaction which is expected to take place in the second quarter of 2017.
* LifeWatch AG and BioTelemetry have entered into a definitive transaction agreement under which BioTelemetry will launch a tender offer in Switzerland to acquire all of the outstanding shares of LifeWatch AG, with shareholders receiving either 10 Swiss francs in cash and 0.1457 shares of BioTelemetry stock or 8 francs in cash and 0.2185 shares of BioTelemetry stock, depending on individual shareholder preference. The total deal value is approximately 260 million Swiss francs ($257.7 million), the companies said.
* Sika's founding Burkard family said its intentions were ill-described in an article in Swiss Sunday paper SonntagsZeitung and that it was incorrect that it "would entertain doubts regarding the transaction with Saint-Gobain . The Burkard family emphasizes that Saint-Gobain is the right partner for Sika and that the family is still willing to fulfil the contract as soon as possible... The Burkard family will not enter into negotiations about any alternative solutions with the current board of directors of Sika."
* Burkhalter Holding AG said full-year group profit was 36.5 million Swiss francs, up by 4.9 percent, and that it will propose a dividend of 5.50 francs. Management assumes that slight improvements in operating activities can be expected again in current year, the company said.
* Romande Energie Holding said net profit for full year amounted to 114 million Swiss francs compared with 1 million francs in 2015, and that it will recommend payment of an ordinary dividend of 36 francs per share.
* EFG International said it completed the legal integration of "substantially all" of BSI SA's Swiss business into EFG Bank AG, a 100 percent subsidiary of EFG International. The remaining BSI entities in Luxembourg and Monaco are expected to be integrated in the course of the second quarter of 2017, EFG said.
* Zambon S.p.A. and its partner Newron Pharmaceuticals announced the launch of Xadago (safinamide) in Portugal for the treatment of mid- to late-stage Parkinson's disease (PD).
* Bell AG sold its branch shops in the Czech Republic.
ECONOMY
* The Swiss National Bank is due to publish sight deposit data at 0800 GMT.
($1 = 1.0090 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
FRANKFURT, April 6 German-British carmaker Opel and Vauxhall, which is being sold to France's PSA Group , has committed to produce Buick-branded vehicles in German factories for General Motors well beyond 2019.
General Motors agreed to sell Opel to the French group last month, forcing it to start unwinding a product strategy which for years aligned Buick and Opel's platforms and cars.
A briefing held for Opel workers in Ruesselsheim, Germany, on Thursday said Peugeot will be locked into producing vehicles based on GM platforms for a number of years.
"The successor of the Mokka X will be built in Eisenach from 2019. A large SUV will be produced in Ruesselsheim as of the end of the decade," Opel said in a statement on Thursday.
"In addition, investments are also confirmed for exports of sister products for another GM brand from these plants."
A spokesman confirmed this refers to a pledge to produce Buick vehicles. The Opel Insignia, a D-segment vehicle, shares the same underpinnings as the Buick Regal, while the Opel Mokka X shares the same underpinnings as the Buick Encore.
Opel is developing a sports utility vehicle based on the Insignia platform. It will also produce Buick-badged version of the model to be built in Ruesselsheim, Germany.
Separately, Opel said it will consolidate various legal entities including Adam Opel AG, into a new company, Adam Opel GmbH, consolidating the business activities of the Opel/Vauxhall companies under one company.
The changes to the legal entity will be completed in the second quarter, Opel said.
All co-determination rights of the employees will remain unchanged, the company added. (Reporting by Edward Taylor, editing by David Evans)
* European shares seen lower * Eyes on US payrolls data * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach him on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fueled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
What just happened? US semiconductor giant Micron has had sales of its chips temporarily banned in China by one of the country's courts. Taiwanese rival United Microelectronic Corporation (UMC) released a statement yesterday revealing the news, which saw shares in the American firm fall by as much as 8 percent.
The Fuzhou Intermediate People's Court of the People's Republic of China issued a preliminary injunction stopping Micron from selling 26 products, which includes some dynamic random-access memory and NAND flash items.
The move comes after UMC took Micron to the Chinese courts over patent infringement claims. It said the US company's products infringed on three of its patents related to DDR4, SSDs, and graphic card memory. UMC requested that Micron stop making, importing, or selling these products. It also asked that all inventory be destroyed and applied for compensation.
"UMC is pleased with today's decision. UMC invests heavily in its intellectual property and aggressively pursues any company that infringes UMC's patents," UMC president Jason Wang said in a statement.
Micron said that it hasn't been issued with an injunction from the Chinese court and would not be commenting further until it has received and reviewed the relevant documents.
The court drama started in December when Micron filed a lawsuit in California under the Defend Trade Secrets Act. It accused UMC and partner Fujian Jinhua Integrated Circuit Company of stealing RAM secrets and staff.
The latest events come as China continues to investigate allegations that Micron, Samsung, and Hynix participated in DRAM price-fixing schemes. The three firms are also facing a class action lawsuit in the US over the claims.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
NEW YORK — John Mellencamp sank to his knees in support of the Black Lives Matter movement after a performance on “Late Show With Stephen Colbert" on Thursday evening.
The musician performed his song "Easy Target" to which was originally released on the eve of President Trump's inauguration in January 2017.
The song addresses racial inequality and Mellencamp references the Black Lives Matter movement with his lyrics such as:
"So Black Lives Matter, who we're tryin' to kid. Here's an easy target. Don't matter, never did."
"All of us are created equal - equally beneath me and you."
At the end of his performance, Mellencamp knelt and lifted his right fist into the air.
The song comes from Mellencamp's album “Sad Clowns & Hillbillies,” which came out late last year.
You can watch his performance below.
The movement was started by former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick last season. He took a knee during the National Anthem to silently protest racial inequality and treatment of black Americans, particularly by police.
The protests prompted President Donald Trump to tweet that NFL owner should "fire or suspend" players that "disrespect" the "flag & country."
“Taking the knee started purely and simply as a protest of racial and social injustice,” Mellencamp told The Associated Press. “Sadly it was politicized by the current administration. The song is simple and the protest is pure.”
May 2 Inphi Corp
* Inphi Corporation reports 16% sequential and 73% year-over-year revenue growth in Q1, 2017 (from continuing operations)
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.44 from continuing operations
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.27
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.44 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 revenue $93.6 million versus I/B/E/S view $93.5 million
* Inphi Corp - Revenue is expected to decrease 6% to 14% sequentially in Q2 2017, in range of $80.0 million to $88.0 million
* Inphi Corp - Q2 GAAP results are expected to be a net loss in a range between a net loss of $22.8 million to a net loss of $28.7 million, or ($0.54) - ($0.68) per diluted share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shoeaholics alert!
A shoe store unlike any other is launching in Brum.
Promising more than 1,700 styles of top footwear from 18 designers such as Balenciaga, Valentino and Stella McCartney across 535 sq m of floor space, this will be an extraordinary destination for shoe shopping.
World of Shoes is opening on Monday, March 19 at Selfridges at Bullring – and it will be the store's largest shoe department outside of London.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Based on Level 4 of the store, it will introduce exciting new ranges, including Gina, Coach, Mallet, Magda Butrym, Marco de Vincenzo, Alberta Ferreti and Malone Souliers, together with Selfridges' much-loved and established brands.
In addition, Jimmy Choo , Christian Louboutin and Gucci will have their own boutiques in store, while brides-to-be will be able to select shoes for their special day, with the Jenny Packham x LK Bennett bridal collection, which is exclusive to Selfridges Birmingham in the city.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
And, to celebrate the launch, there will be a weekend of fun on Level 4 over the Easter weekend.
The Psychic Sisters will be doing their renowned readings on Friday, March 30 and Saturday, March 31, between noon and 6pm and Sink the Pink drag acts will be performing on Saturday, March 31 between 4pm and 8pm.
Shoppers will also have the opportunity to have their trainers and shoeboxes personalised and illustrated.
“We are very excited to launch World of Shoes and are confident that it will quickly become the premium shoe shopping destination in the city,” said Sam Watts, general manager of Selfridges Birmingham.
“We're also really pleased that this innovative space gives us the opportunity to introduce new brands for our customers. We're looking forward to opening.”
Find out more here
The World of Shoes launch is one of several new arrivals or major refits in this area, with a new H&M opening soon plus plans unveiled for a new-look JD Sports , the arrival of the first Metro Bank in the Midlands, and the ongoing work to completely transform the Pavilions into Primark Pavilions.
And there are lots of new developments transforming shopping in Birmingham.
To keep updated, like our What's On Facebook page and Brummie Mummies page.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The two largest resort operators in Las Vegas would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike, a possibility starting Friday, the union representing thousands of casino workers said.
The Culinary Union detailed how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job. Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 casino-hotels would affect Las Vegas overall because the last citywide strike took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors. Last year, more than 42.2 million people visited.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers. A strike also could happen as fans head to Las Vegas for the Stanley Cup Final.
Advertisement
"Furthermore, one might assume a 10 percent worsening of operating margins due to the use of less experienced and less skilled replacements ... to keep the doors open, rooms cleaned, food cooked, and cocktails served, not to mention other factors such as the disruptions to management staff's regular work," the union wrote.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show a one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
Contracts expire at midnight Thursday for bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it "can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides."
Caesars said it "expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires." About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations for new five-year contracts.
The union said it is asking for training on new skills and job opportunities as the companies adopt technology that can displace workers. It also wants an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers and contract language that would protect workers if properties are sold.
"What is going to happen to my position?" said Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace. "I think they are going to be disappearing it, because robots are going to be available to deliver everything."
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average annual wage increases of 4 percent for each of the five years. A document says the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase.
Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent effective Friday, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
DUBAI, April 5 Saudi Arabia-based Islamic Development Bank has priced at par a $1.25 billion senior unsecured five-year sukuk with a 2.393 percent profit rate, a document issued by one of the lead banks showed on Wednesday.
The triple-A rated, Jeddah-headquartered financial institution a day earlier had started marketing the sukuk with an initial price guidance in the low- to mid-40 basis points over mid-swaps range.
It set the final spreads at 40 bps over mid-swaps on Wednesday.
Joint lead banks for the sukuk are Boubyan Bank, Emirates NBD Capital, GIB Capital, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC, Maybank, Natixis, and Standard Chartered. (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia; editing by Jason Neely)
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
FILE PHOTO: A Citi sign is seen at the Citigroup stall on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, October 16, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
LONDON Citi was the top bank last year in transaction banking, a segment comprising trade finance and cash management services, rankings compiled by industry analytics firm Coalition showed on Tuesday.
This is the first time Coalition has ranked banks on transaction banking, basing the scores on services provided to clients with annual turnover of over $1.5 billion (1.21 billion pounds).
Cash management encompasses services such as direct debits, wire transfers and currency clearing, while trade finance can include items such as letters of credit and trade loans.
Coalition regularly releases investment banking league tables and its 2016 rankings, released last month, showed U.S. banks grabbing the top five places.
Eric Li, research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters that while the investment banking industry typically grabbed more attention, transaction banking had proved to be a more steady source of income for global banks.
Also, trade finance, a key element in transaction banking, is picking up after a decline caused by the slowdown in global commerce in recent years, he noted.
"This business is a lot more resilient compared to investment banking, you don't see huge swings by 20-30 percent in terms of top line revenue. It's a very steady business," Li said.
"As a result ... we are increasingly seeing a gradual increase in coverage of this from the media as well as the bank management perspective."
Coalition's transaction banking list is less U.S. heavy than its investment banking league table - after Citi, U.S. banks JPMorgan, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Wells Fargo were in second, fourth and ninth place respectively.
HSBC was the top placed European bank, tying for second place with JPMorgan, while other top 10 European names were Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, Standard Chartered, Société Générale and Barclays, Coalition said.
"In trade finance, most major players are European banks. This is a big divergence from the investment banking industry where you see big dominance by U.S. banks," Lee added.
The data showed Citi increasing its market share in trade finance as well as cash management, and dominant in the Americas. HSBC, on the other hand, was rapidly growing its transaction banking business in EMEA and Asia-Pacific.
Within transaction banking, the top trade finance banks were Citi, HSBC and BNP Paribas, while Citi, HSBC, JPMorgan and BAML scored highest in cash management.
Coalition did not give details on how much banks had earned from the transaction business.
The table was based upon the largest transaction banks within 15 leading banks, which included Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, J.P. Morgan, Société Générale, Standard Chartered and Wells Fargo.
(Reporting by Sujata Rao; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Ministry of Health Permanent Secretary for Administration Kennedy Malama says government is committed to ensuring that all running projects are completed on time before embarking on new ones.
He says that government will also ensure fair distribution of hospital services because this is essential in an effectively functioning health delivery system.
Dr Malama said this after inspecting infrastructure projects and health services which included maternal and child health, HIV/AIDS and Eye Hospital in Chipata.
The Permanent Secretary further inspected service provision at Chikoma Zonal Health Centre in Vubwi district.
Dr Malama, who is accompanied by Ministry of Health Director of Clinical Care and Diagnostic Services Dr Mzaza Nthele, is in Eastern Province checking on infrastructure projects and provision of health services.
The Permanent Secretary inspected Chipata and Vubwi district hospitals that are being constructed at the cost of 10 million Kwacha and 13 million Kwacha respectively.
He inspected the prefabricated Antiretro Viral Treatment centre at Chipata Central Hospital and maternity wing at Mwami Adventist Hospital where he commended the role the church has continued to play in supplementing government's effort in the provision of health care services to the people.
Dr Malama says the focus is being placed on ensuring that hospitals have all the necessary competencies and making certain that they operate according to their level.
Dr Malama says that government will strengthen and expand clinical disciplines at all levels of hospital care and enhance the efficiency of patient care at all points.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Hello everyone,
Last Friday – December 8th – we held a Testday event, for Firefox 58 Beta 10.
Thank you all for helping us make Mozilla a better place!
From India team: Mohammed Adam, Surentharan.R.A, B.Krishnaveni, Aishwarya Narasimhan, Nagarajan Rajamanickam, Baranitharan, Fahima Zulfath, Andal_Narasimhan, Amit Kumar Singh.
From Bangladesh team: Rezaul Huque Nayeem, Tanvir Mazharul, Tanvir Rahman, Maruf Rahman, Sontus Chandra Anik.
Results:
– several test cases executed for Media Recorder Refactor and Tabbed Browser;
– 4 bugs verified: 1393237, 1399397, 1403593, and 1405319;
Thanks for another successful testday! 🙂
We hope to see you all in our next events, all the details will be posted on QMO!
A woman in her 80s has died in a house fire in Dublin.
The fire broke out at about 4am in a house in Ventry Park in Cabra. The woman, the only occupant of the house, was pronounced dead at the scene and her body has been removed to the city morgue.
The scene has been preserved for a technical examination but gardaí are not treating the fire as suspicious.
REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY.
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi stands and observes a minute of silence for the victims of two separate church attacks during Palm Sunday prayers, with leaders of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and the Supreme Council for Police to discuss developments in the security situation in Egypt, as well as developments in the country's fight against terrorism, at the Ittihadiya presidential palace in Cairo, Egypt, April 9, 2017, in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency. The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS IMAGE WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY.
Egyptians look at the scene around ambulances after a suicide bombing in front of a church in Alexandria, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Fawzy Abdel Hamied
A relative of one of the victims reacts after a church explosion in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Egyptians gather in front of a Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
A relative of one of the victims reacts after a church explosion in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Egyptians gather in front of a Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Relatives of victims react in front of a Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
Egyptians gather in front of a Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
The aftermath of an explosion that took place at a Coptic church on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
TANTA,Egypt/CAIRO At least 44 people were killed in Egypt in bomb attacks at the cathedral of the Coptic Pope and another church on Palm Sunday, prompting anger and fear among Christians and leading to troop deployments and the declaration of a three-month state of emergency.
Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks, which also injured more than 100 people and occurred a week before Coptic Easter, with Pope Francis scheduled to visit Egypt later this month.
The assault is the latest on a religious minority increasingly targeted by Islamist militants, and a challenge to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who has pledged to protect them as part of his campaign against extremism.
The first bombing, in Tanta, a Nile Delta city about 100 km (60 miles) north of Cairo, tore through the inside of St. George Church during its Palm Sunday service, killing at least 27 people and injuring at least 78, the Ministry of Health said.
The second, a few hours later in Alexandria, hit Saint Mark's Cathedral, the historic seat of the Coptic Pope, killing 17 people, including three police officers, and injuring 48, the ministry added.
Coptic Pope Tawadros had been leading the mass at Saint Mark's Cathedral at the time of the explosion but was not injured, the Interior Ministry said.
"These acts will not harm the unity and cohesion of the people," he was later quoted as saying by state media.
Islamic State said two of its fighters wearing suicide vests carried out the attacks, and it warned of more to come.
"Crusaders and their apostate allies should know the bill between us and them is very big and they will pay it with rivers of blood from their children, god willing. Wait for us, for we will wait for you," the group said in a statement.
In a televised speech addressing the nation, Sisi declared a three-month countrywide state of emergency, subject to parliamentary approval, and called for national unity and urged the media to refrain from coverage that could be harmful.
"Deal with the issue with credibility, and responsibility and awareness," he said of the media coverage. "It's not right what I'm seeing being repeated on all of our channels, and you know this hurts Egyptians."
Sisi also ordered troops be immediately deployed to assist police in securing vital facilities, a rare move for the general-turned-president, who as defence chief led the military's 2013 ouster of the Muslim Brotherhood's President Mohamed Mursi.
Deflecting Western criticism that he has suppressed political opposition and human rights activists since he was elected in 2014, Sisi has sought to present himself as an indispensable bulwark against terrorism in the Middle East.
"The attack...will only harden the determination (of the Egyptian people) to move forward on their trajectory to realise security, stability and comprehensive development," Sisi said in a statement.
President Trump, who hosted Sisi last week in his first official visit to the U.S., expressed support for a leader he has said he plans to work more closely with on fighting Islamist militants, who Sisi identifies as an existential threat.
"So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly," Trump wrote on his official Twitter account.
Hundreds gathered outside the Tanta church shortly after the blast, some weeping and wearing black while inside, blown apart pews sat atop tiles soaked with blood.
"There was blood all over the floor and body parts scattered," a woman who was inside the church at the time of the attack said.
"There was a huge explosion in the hall. Fire and smoke filled the room and the injuries were extremely severe," another woman, Vivian Fareeg, said.
"WE FEEL TARGETED"
Islamic State's branch in Egypt has stepped up attacks and threats against Christians, who comprise about 10 percent of Egypt's 90 million people and are the biggest Christian minority in the Middle East.
In February, scores of Christian families and students fled Egypt's North Sinai province after a spate of targeted killings.
Those attacks followed one of the deadliest on Egypt's Christian minority, when a suicide bomber hit its largest Coptic cathedral, killing at least 25 people. Islamic State later claimed responsibility for that attack.
Islamic State has waged a low-level war against soldiers and police in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula for years but is now targeting Christians and broadening its reach into Egypt's mainland. That is a potential turning point in a country trying to prevent a provincial insurgency spiralling into wider sectarian bloodshed.
Although Copts have faced attacks by Muslim neighbours, who have burnt their homes and churches in poor rural areas, in the past, the community has felt increasingly insecure since Islamic State spread through Iraq and Syria in 2014.
"Of course we feel targeted, there was a bomb here about a week ago but it was dismantled. There's no security," said another Christian woman in Tanta in reference to an attack earlier this month near a police training centre..
Wahby Lamie, one of whose nephews was killed and another injured in the Tanta blast, expressed exasperation.
"How much longer are we going to be this divided? Anyone who's different from them now is an infidel, whether they're Muslim or Christian. They see them as infidels," he said.
"How much longer are these people going to exist? And how much longer will security be this incompetent?"
(Additional reporting by Ahmed Mohamed Hassan, Mahmoud Mourad, Mohammed Abdellah, Amina Ismail, Ahmed Aboulenein, and Mostafa Hashem; Writing by Eric Knecht; editing by Larry King and Alexander Smith)
Tatung Company of America is proud to present its multi-cookers: Fusion Cooker & Intelligent Cooker along with other home appliances in Chicago at IHA
Introducing Tatung's Fusion Cooker
Contact
Sarah Yem
Tatung Company of America
***@tatungusa.com Sarah YemTatung Company of America
End
-- Tatung Company of America, Inc. (Tatung) will be showcasing their new technology innovations at the International Home + Housewares Show which features more than 2,100 exhibitors at the McCormick Place Exposition Center in downtown Chicago from March 18-21, 2017. Tatung will be in booth L12947 and welcomes the public to visit. Sharon Chen (food blogger from Delishplan.com)will give in booth demos for 2 days on March 18and 19where she will share her amazing recipes using Tatung Multi Cookers. Subscribe to Tatung Fusion Cooker playlist on YouTube to see a preview of the dishes that Sharon will be demonstrating at IHA. Tatung's Fusion Cooker has won both the IF Design Award from Germany & Good design Award from Japan.This show is the perfect opportunity to learn more about Tatung's rice cookers, multi-cooker, Intelligent Cooker, Fusion Cooker, pressure cookers and other great home appliances. Tatung's Consumer Appliance division staff will be there to show all the latest and greatest products and answer any and all questions about them. You can cook, bake, make soup and grill to perfection with the Tatung Fusion Cooker. The Fusion Cooker is an innovative multi cooking appliance that is also a waterless pot. For more information about the Fusion Cooker, please visit: http://www.tatungusa.com/ product/148- fusion-cooker Tatung will also showcase their newest product, The Intelligent Cooker. The Intelligent cooker has 7 cooking modes: quick cook, brown rice, slow cook, cake, steam, porridge, and stew. The Intelligent is the ultimate space saving home appliance. For more information about the Intelligent Cooker, please visit:Tatung Company of America, Inc (Tatung) is very proud to present in booth number L12947 at The International Housewares Association (IHA) Expo. This event is a wonderful place for retailers, manufacturers, and consumers of home products to meet, network, and learn from each other. This event is dedicated to the continued success of the home products industry.The (IHA) Expo is one of the largest premier trade shows nationwide and features the very best in houseware technology products and innovation worldwide. A global collection of merchants and attendees make this event the best for previewing the latest and best in home technology. This four day event is a great time to browse new products, speak with exhibitors, and see the newest products in action. Attendees receive a product catalog that includes company media contacts, descriptions and photos of the products on display to facilitate the follow-up process after the show.Key Goals of the (IHA) expo are to:Tatung Company of America, Inc. (Tatung) is based in Long Beach, California specializes in the manufacture of cutting-edge technology products. Tatung Company of America, Inc. is committed to a vision of Innovation for Quality. Tatung's focus is to develop energy-saving, space saving, and eco-friendly products that support healthy living. Tatung produces many products and technology for the residential and commercial markets that address the ever changing needs of a diverse market. Tatung is firmly committed to innovation, technology, outstanding quality, and true value. Tatung strives to lead in the global technology market. The focus of Tatung America during this Expo will be on their cutting edge kitchenware;the rice cookers, multi-cooker, fusion cookers, pressure cookers and other exciting products for the discerning kitchen.2850 E. El Presidio StreetLong Beach, California 90810United States(800) 827-2850
COLOMBO, April 20 The Sri Lankan rupee closed firmer on Thursday as dollar inflows from equity-related transactions outpaced mild importer dollar demand, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards closing at 153.10/25 per dollar, compared with Wednesday's close of 153.40/50.
"We see some inflows from stock market-related transaction. Local banks are selling dollars," said a currency dealer who requested anonymity.
The island nation has received dollar inflows since the beginning of April, with foreign investors buying equities and government securities.
Foreign investors have bought equities worth a net 10.42 billion in the last 20 straight sessions, taking the year-to-date net foreign inflow into equities to 12.9 billion rupees. They net bought 697.5 million rupees worth equities on Thursday.
They also net bought government securities worth 1.87 billion rupees in the week ended April 12. However, they have net sold 62 billion rupees worth of government bonds so far this year.
The market has not been impacted much after the central bank increased policy rates by 25 basis points last month, dealers said. ($1 = 152.0000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
April 12 BMW
* Says BMW brand sales rose 5.3 percent in March to 212,093 cars, Q1 deliveries up 5.2 percent in best-ever Q1
* Says Mini sales rose 8.7 percent in March to 42,447 cars, Q1 deliveries up 6.1 percent
* Sales chief says confident 2017 will be another record year, to retain leading position in industry Further company coverage: (Reporting By Georgina Prodhan)
The logo of Puma sportswear company is seen at its store at Tbilisi Mall in Tbilisi, Georgia, April 22, 2016. REUTERS/David Mdzinarishvili
FRANKFURT German sporting goods maker Puma (PUMG.DE) lifted its profit and sales guidance for 2017 after posting strong first-quarter earnings in a surprise release on Wednesday that looked set to lift its shares 2.5 percent at market open.
Puma, majority-owned by French luxury-goods company Kering (PRTP.PA), said it expected earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) of 185-200 million euros (£157-169 million) in 2017, up from a previous guidance of 170-190 million euros.
First-quarter EBIT jumped by about 70 percent to 70 million euros, it said.
In February, Retro sneakers and endorsements by stars like Usain Bolt and Rihanna had already helped Puma deliver strong sales growth in the fourth quarter and make a confident forecast for 2017.
Chief Executive Bjorn Gulden has led a gradual turnaround of a brand that had fallen far behind market leaders Nike (NKE.N) and Adidas (ADSGn.DE).
It also said on Wednesday that sales would increase by a low double-digit percentage rate, when adjusted for currency swings, up from a previous guidance of a high single-digit percentage increase.
Puma plans to release full quarterly results on April 25.
(Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Georgina Prodhan)
Austria insists that it still remains unaware of, though is deeply concerned about, the details of German proposals to open transit centres for processing and turning back asylum seekers on the Bavarian border.
But its pledge to close down the Italian-Austrian border to refugees remains very much in place and is causing widespread concern in EU capitals that it could mean the unravelling of the border-free Schengen system.
Ministers and spokespeople for the government in Vienna told visiting Brussels-based journalists they hope greater clarity will come from discussions on Thursday when prime minister Sebastian Kurtz will meet the Bavarian CSU leader Horst Seehofer, the architect of German plans, in Vienna.
The government here has complained that it has not been consulted by the Germans about their plans, but minister for Europe, integration and foreign affairs Karin Kneissl also admitted that Vienna has not been in touch with Rome about its own border.
While insisting that Austria had done more than the majority of EU member states in taking in and integrating genuine asylum seekers, the minister went on to question how many of those coming were genuinely fleeing persecution.
She said she had worked in refugee camps as a translator and it was clear to her that many of the young men she spoke to were economic migrants and often were not, as they claimed, even Syrian, but Palestinians and Jordanians.
Outdated instruments
The truth is, she said, that the instruments Europe has for dealing with asylum date from a pre-globalisation age and “don't meet the exigencies of today” – those genuinely persecuted for their political activities tended to be older activists left behind to continue their fight under difficult circumstances.
“They can't apply for asylum,” she said. “We have to stick to the realities. What is the real world about?”
Austria's foreign minister Karin Kneissl: said she had worked in refugee camps and it was clear to her many of the young men were economic migrants. Photograph: Denis Balibouse
Austria assumed the rotating presidency of the EU on July 1st and its presidency slogan, “a Europe that protects”, reflects the country's preoccupation with the migration issue. “We are not a single-issue presidency,” journalists are told repeatedly. But it feels like that.
And one in which the presidency agenda – a responsibility to act as an impartial chair and to broker or advance issues to agreement at summits – perhaps corresponds more closely to the Austrian national agenda than is normal.
Charged by the other member states with finding a way to a common understanding on migration for next December's summit, the Austrians insist that their emphasis will be on cutting external pressures by addressing the factors which push migration.
Friction and deadlock
For too long the emphasis has been exclusively, we are told, on the internal dimension of the problem, creating a dynamic that inevitably leads to friction between member states and political deadlock.
Progress was made at last week's summit, however, we are told, on the external pull factors – commitments to increasing the EU border force, to seeking to establish disembarkation “platforms” in north Africa, and to explore the possibility of “hot spot” processing facilities on the European mainland in willing states. These are “not camps”, we are told.
It's an implicit acknowledgment that the presidency does not expect to make progress on the internal so-called Dublin regulation which requires the member state where a migrant first arrives to take responsibility for them.
Austria, like Hungary and several other eastern states, dislikes the idea of mandatory “burden-sharing” of refugees , a key element of commission proposals to amend Dublin – and demanded by Italy.
It insists the issue can only be advanced through “consensus”, or at the pace set by the least willing member state. And it rejects the possibility of putting any quota formula to majority vote – a recipe for certain continuing deadlock.
Luton Town were held to their first league draw at Kenilworth Road on Saturday, as their top-of-the-table clash with Notts County finished 1-1. Here's how the Hatters' players rated during the afternoon.
Marek Stech: 6.5 - Slightly mixed afternoon as made some good stops but didn't ever exude the air of complete confidence he has so far this term. Should have stayed at home rather than come racing off his line for the cross that Ameobi netted from too.
Jack Stacey: 7.5 - As Potts did, defended his back post well, making an excellent intervention to stop the visitors scoring from an inswinging cross in the first period. Got forward well too as he put in a fine shift on the right hand side once more.
Dan Potts: 8 - This time it was his own area where he stood out, with some brilliant clearing headers. One superb one in particular stopped Stead from a certain goal before the break while he was often first to most County corners.
Alan Sheehan: 8.5 - Centre half never took a step back against the hulking Ameobi and had a superb aerial battle, constantly up first to beat him. With set-pieces a massive part of the game, his corner set up Mullins and created two glorious chances late on.
Johnny Mullins: 8 - Timed his jump to perfection as he powered home a header for his first goal of the season and could have won it in stoppage time too denied by Fitzsimons. Defended well alongside Sheehan but was disappointed to give a free kick away for leveller as he clattered Ameobi.
Glen Rea: 7.5 - Just needed to keep a cool head when the opportunity dropped to him in the area but skied it well over. Still, showed just how far he has come in that defensive midfield role with a disciplined performance against some experienced opposition.
Olly Lee: 7 - Milestone appearances as he made it 100 games for the Hatters, but although worked hard throughout, didn't quite have the same impact as he has enjoyed in recent weeks.
Luke Berry: 8 - Excellent from Berry again who got stuck into the physical side of things showing just what a combative midfielder he is for the Town, along with a real threat in the opposing box too.
Danny Hylton: 7 - Up against two formidable centre halves in Brisley and Duffy, he didn't have things all his own way. Lovely skill in the second period created an opportunity, but his effort was blocked by a covering defender.
Elliot Lee (STAR MAN): 8.5 - Striker always looked Town's biggest threat, with his excellent touch and direct running constantly bothering the Magpies' back-line. Managed to haul his side into the game when Notts were on top, and fully deserving of his spot in the side right now. Unlucky to make way late on.
James Collins (SUB): 6 - On to try and nick a goal but nothing quite fell for him.
Luke Gambin (SUB): 6 - Didn't really have a chance to show the form he had on Tuesday night.
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 11:45 am: Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu and Telecom Minister Manoj Sinha at an event in New Delhi. 2:00 pm: Power Minister Piyush Goyal at an event in New Delhi. 4:00 pm: Road Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari at an event in New Delhi. 5:00 pm: L&T Technology Services press meet in Mumbai. 5:15 pm: Cabinet likely to meet in New Delhi. Agenda not known. 5:30 pm: ICICI Bank earnings concall in Mumbai. LIVECHAT - CHARTING FX Take a look at the FX charts with Reuters technical analyst Martin Miller, at 3:30 pm. To join the conversation, click on the link: here INDIA TOP NEWS • Infosys plans to hire 10,000 U.S. workers after Trump targets outsourcing firms India-based IT services firm Infosys Ltd plans to hire 10,000 U.S. workers in the next two years and open four technology centers in the United States, starting with a center this August in Indiana, the home state of U.S. Vice President Mike Pence. • Indian factory activity expands for 4th month in April - PMI Indian manufacturing activity expanded for a fourth consecutive month in April, helped by stronger growth in new orders although rises in output and employment slowed, a business survey showed on Tuesday. • German union demands end to talks between Thyssenkrupp and Tata German labour union IG Metall demanded on Tuesday that industrial company Thyssenkrupp end talks to merge its European steel business with that of India's Tata Steel. • India cuts oil import plans from Iran by a quarter over gas field row India plans to order about a quarter less Iranian crude oil than it bought last year, people familiar with the matter said, as state refiners cut term purchase deals over a row between New Delhi and Tehran on development of a natural gas field. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • Trump urges future government shutdown, easier passage of laws U.S. President Donald Trump came to office promising that he would produce so much winning that Americans would be sick of it. As he struggles to produce wins, some signs of frustration are starting to appear. • Apple posts surprise dip in iPhone sales, shares fall Apple Inc reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter on Tuesday, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. • U.S., China talk firmer U.N. response to North Korea's missiles: diplomats The United States is negotiating with China on a possible stronger U.N. Security Council response - such as sanctions - to North Korea's repeated ballistic missile launches, which the 15-member body normally condemns in a statement, diplomats said. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) • The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,357.00, trading up 0.14 pct from its previous close • The Indian rupee is likely to rise against the dollar in early trade, in line with gains in regional peers, amid broad weakness in the greenback ahead of the conclusion of the U.S. Federal Reserve's two-day policy meet later today. • Indian government bonds are likely to trade steady ahead of the U.S. Federal Reserve's monetary policy decision, due later today. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.96 pct - 7.01 pct band today. GLOBAL MARKETS • Wall Street edged higher on Tuesday as gains for the tech and industrial sectors countered weakness in auto and energy stocks and investors digested a heavy day of earnings reports. • Asian stocks followed global indexes higher, as strong earnings and manufacturing data boosted risk appetite, while expectations that the Federal Reserve will signal a June rate increase later in the session lifted the dollar. • Asian stocks followed global indexes higher, as strong earnings and manufacturing data boosted risk appetite, while expectations that the Federal Reserve will signal a June rate increase later in the session lifted the dollar. • U.S. Treasury prices gained on Tuesday after weak auto sales raised concerns about the strength of consumer spending, and as investors awaited the conclusion of the Federal Reserve's two-day meeting on Wednesday. • Crude oil prices bounced back as a decline in U.S. inventories underpinned the market, although a dip in compliance with OPEC efforts to reduce output and near record supplies capped gains. • Gold held near a three-week low hit in the previous session on rising equities and a firmer dollar as markets waited for cues on an U.S. interest rate hike from the Federal Reserve later in the day. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 64.17/64.20 May 2 -$95.40 mln $115.40 mln 10-yr bond yield 7.24 Month-to-date - - Year-to-date $6.44 bln $9.51 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 64.21 Indian rupees) (Compiled by Sai Sharanya Khosla in Bengaluru)
Netscribes, Inc. launches a report on Bio Pharma Market in India 2017 covering a market with strong growth potential.
Media Contact
Netscribes (India) Pvt Ltd.
Alina Lewis
+91 22 4098 7600
***@netscribes.com Netscribes (India) Pvt Ltd.Alina Lewis+91 22 4098 7600
End
-- Global market intelligence firm, Netscribes, Inc. released its latest report on the '' (https://www.researchonindia.com/bio-pharma-market-in-india-2017-13623.html). The demographic structure of India favors the growth of the bio pharma sector in the country. Moreover, the low cost of manufacturing and strong drug development capabilities is making the Indian bio pharma sector one of the most lucrative bio pharma markets in the world.Netscribes' latest market research report titled Bio Pharma Market in India 2017 states that while historically the biopharmaceuticals market in the country grew at a CAGR of 15.7%, it is expected to grow at a CAGR of 13.6% between 2016 and 2022. With a large portion of the population falling in the senior citizen category, the need for various healthcare services and pharmaceutical products, including biopharmaceuticals is expected to rise in the country. Moreover, with increased life expectancy, this segment of the population is expected to grow further in the coming years. The increased disposable income of Indians is also allowing them to spend more on medicines and follow medication more diligently. Also, growing health awareness among individuals is resulting in early detection of various medical conditions, and leading to individuals being subject to various medications much earlier than before.However, the lack of regulatory clarity acts as a major challenge for the industry. The regulation of biopharmaceuticals is inefficient and complex due to the involvement of multiple agencies and committees in the review and approval process. Competition from other Asian countries also acts as a challenge for the Indian bio pharma market. Despite the competition from other countries, India's biotechnology sector has attracted major investments from several global companies due to its strong generic biotechnology potential. While Indian Immunologicals Ltd. set up vaccine manufacturing facilities in Pondicherry and Hyderabad by investing INR 3 bn and INR 2.5 bn respectively, Shantha Biotechnics Pvt. Ltd. built an insulin product manufacturing facility entailing an investment of INR 4.6 bn. The country is being recognized globally as a preferred outsourcing destination for contract research and manufacturing services. This will further aid in the development of the country's bio pharma sector. Biocon Ltd., Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Ltd, Serum Institute of India Pvt. Ltd., Lupin Ltd. and Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. are some of the major companies operating in this market.With the given market data, Research on India offers customizations according to specific needs. Write to us at support@researchonindia.com For more details on the content of each report and ordering information please contact:Phone: +91 33 4027 6243/6222; +91 33 4027 6200/6207; +91 22 4098 7600E-Mail: info@netscribes.com Netscribes (www.netscribes.com)is a global market intelligence and content management firm with services across the research and information value chain. Venture-funded by US and Singapore private equity firms, the company provides tactical and actionable insights to its clients and enables effective decision-making and strategic implementation.For more information please write to info@netscribes.com.
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
(Adds mine production data, analyst comment, stock price, background)
BUENOS AIRES/TORONTO, March 30 Argentina's San Juan province ordered Barrick Gold Corp to suspend some activities at its Veladero mine after a pipe carrying gold-bearing solution ruptured on the leach pad, state-run news agency Telam reported on Thursday.
Reuters could not immediately reach the provincial government to confirm the report. A spokesman for Barrick said the Toronto-based company was confirming its understanding of the order.
Barrick said on Wednesday that a monitoring system at the mine had detected a rupture on the pipe on Tuesday night. The issue was "quickly corrected," it added, following procedures to contain and mitigate the situation.
All solution was contained within the operating facility and there was no impact to people or the environment, Barrick said in the statement.
Barrack experienced similar issues in September 2016 and September 2015. Last September, mine operations were suspended after falling ice damaged a pipe and spilled some ore saturated with cyanide solution over a berm, or raised bank.
One year earlier, authorities suspended operations after a cyanide solution spill, which was caused by equipment failure.
The open pit mine is expected to produce 770,000 to 830,000 ounces of gold in 2017, at an all-in sustaining production cost of $840 to 940 per ounce of gold. Spot gold was trading at $1,243.68 an ounce on Thursday afternoon.
Veladero accounts for about 14 percent of Barrick's total gold production, RBC Capital Markets analyst Stephen Walker estimated in a note to clients.
"While we view this latest issue as a slight negative for Barrick's shares, the company has stated that there has been no impact on production at this time," Walker wrote.
Barrick shares were down 2 percent at C$25.06 on the Toronto Stock Exchange on Thursday afternoon, amid broad declines for gold miners as the price of bullion slipped alongside a stronger dollar. (Reporting by Caroline Stauffer in Buenos Aires and Susan Taylor in Toronto; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Peter Cooney)
BRIEF-Gateway Lifestyle Group says FY17 underlying net profit guidance revised
* Sees FY17 ‍distributable earnings expected to be about $39 million for FY17, down $4.2 million on prior guidance​
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Friday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
ECONOMY
ISTAT releases April flash CPI and HICP data (0900 GMT) and March producer prices data (1000 GMT).
Reuters releases April asset allocation poll (1100 GMT).
COMPANIES
ATLANTIA, ABERTIS
The group has agreed to sell 10 percent of its domestic motorway unit to a series of investors including Allianz for 1.48 billion euros, with a capital gain of 736 million euros, as it presses ahead with plans to bid for Spanish rival Abertis.
Atlantia will sell a further 5-10 percent of its Italian motorway unit at a later date to different investors, la Repubblica said. The report added that while Abertis' main shareholder Caixa favoured a tie-up with Atlantia, the Spanish group's management preferred bringing on board an infrastructure fund. Atlantia's cash and paper offer for Abertis will be presented in the middle of next week, it said.
INTESA SANPAOLO, UNICREDIT, MEDIOBANCA , CREDEM
Fitch downgraded the long-term ratings of UniCredit, Intesa Sanpaolo, Credito Emiliano, and Mediobanca to 'BBB' from 'BBB+' following its cut of Italy's sovereign rating.
Hedge fund Third Point has taken a position in Italian bank Unicredit.
UNIPOLSAI, UNIPOL, BPER BANCA
Unipol group could increase its stake of around 5 percent in Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna, Il Sole 24 Ore reported, citing Unipol CEO Carlo Cimbri on the sidelines of the insurer's shareholder meeting.
TERNA
The power grid operator said its new board appointed by shareholders on Thursday had appointed Luigi Ferraris as CEO.
IPO PIRELLI
Tire company Pirelli, controlled by ChemChina, is speeding up plans to re-list some of its shares and will be on the market in the last quarter of this year rather than next year, Il Sole 24 Ore said. Global coordinators will be Banca Imi, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley, it said. (*) BANCA POPOLARE DI VICENZA, VENETO BANCA
The restructuring and merger plan of the two banks includes total lay-offs of 2,200 workers and an additional 1,480 job cuts from the units that will be sold, Corriere della Sera reports on Friday.
The two banks hold their annual general meetings on Friday (0800 GMT).
(*) SAFILO
The group said on Friday it signed an exclusive distribution agreement for the Iranian market with local commercial operator Maxivision.
ALITALIA
The Italian carrier moved closer to collapse on Thursday when major shareholder Intesa Sanpaolo said it had no plans to save the airline, foreign rivals denied being interested in a possible bid and the government ruled out a rescue for its problem child.
LUXOTTICA
Annual general meeting (0900 GMT) and board meeting on Q1 results followed by conference call (1600 GMT).
BANCA CARIGE
Board meeting.
ITALGAS
Annual general meeting (0800 GMT)
SAIPEM
Annual shareholders meeting of the oil services group
PARMALAT
Annual general meeting (1230 GMT).
RAI WAY
Annual general meeting (0900 GMT).
CAMPARI GROUP
Annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings (0730 GMT).
UNIPOL
Annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings (0830 GMT).
ANSALDO STS
Board meeting on Q1 results, followed by conference call (1600 GMT).
INWIT
Board meeting on Q1 results, followed by conference call (1600 GMT).
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
MEXICO CITY, April 13 At least 12 people were killed and eight were injured on Thursday following a head-on collision in southwestern Mexico between a bus and a fuel tanker truck which exploded, seriously burning some of the victims, authorities said.
Rescue workers were still recovering bodies from the crash site and the death total was expected to climb, said a spokeswoman for federal police in Petacalco just inside the state border of Guerrero and neighboring Michoacan.
"Some of them were burned to a crisp," the spokeswoman said.
At least eight people were also injured in the collision, some of them critically, the spokeswoman said.
Police said the bus was travelling to the Pacific coast when it hit the tanker, which had left the Lazaro Cardenas area en route toward the interior of Mexico. It was not immediately clear what had caused the collision, the spokeswoman said. (Reporting by Dave Graham; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The findings of the review into the culture at law firm Russell McVeagh will be released today.
Dame Margaret Bazley conducted the external review of the law firm.
It came in the wake of alleged incidents of sexual harassment involving interns at its Wellington office.
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – Football and beer go hand-in-hand, but this year you might want to consider adding hand sanitizer to the mix if you are planning to watch the big game with friends, at a restaurant or just your local brewery.
Savannah River Brewing Company is doubling up on its normal disinfecting routine to kills germs before they can spread. They have hand sanitizer at the door and Clorox wipes out, ready to wipe down places that people frequently touch.
“[We have been] really wiping down door handles a lot,” said Taproom Operations Manager Ashlie Arsenault
“Bathroom and really just trying to make sure this place is spotless clean,” Packaging Productions Manager Andre Fields told WJBF NewsChannel 6.
The deadly flu has some people thinking twice about leaving their couch to watch the game.
WJBF NewsChannel 6 took to Facebook to ask viewers if they were watching the game and if they were worried about the flu.
Michelle Powell said “Heck no! Staying home away from the crowds and flu germs.”
“If you're not worried you should be. Stay home!” Kathy Buckner said.
Still, some people aren't letting germs spoil a good time. Kathleen Stevens said “alcohol kills bacteria and viruses… not afraid.”
Brewery employees are expecting a big crowd for the football viewing party Sunday and with the lingering flu epidemic they are doing more than just rearranging the tables to give people peace of mind.
“We are going to be cleaning tables with Clorox disinfectant wipes and the bar tops doing the things that we normally do, but we will also be extra careful tomorrow.” Fields said.
Whether you stay home or go out, medical experts will tell you the best prevention is the simplest.
“I think everybody needs to know to wash their hands,” said RN and Co-owner of Miller Drug Jean Miller.
If you have the flu the best thing to do is just stay home.
The Big Game party at Savannah River Brewing Company is Sunday at 6 p.m. The Feel Good Food Truck is catering and a proceed of all sales will go toward the MCG Academic House Senate. To learn more click here.
Count on WJBF NewsChannel 6 to bring you the latest on this developing story.
A group of migrant workers at a trucking company in Co Wexford twice threatened to set themselves alight this week in an industrial dispute, the Garda has confirmed.
Chief Supt John Roche said officers were sent to O'Leary International at Marshmeadows in New Ross on Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning. “There was a threat that some of the workers were going to set themselves on fire,” he told The Irish Times. “We sent people over and it was resolved. There is an industrial dispute there, but we wouldn't get involved in that.
“On the premises one of them threatened to douse himself with diesel and set himself alight. One man did actually pour some diesel over himself, but of course diesel won't ignite. One of the partners in the group then defused the situation.
“However, they went back again the following morning and did the same thing again, so we were called back. They're in talks, but as far as we're concerned it's a local industrial dispute. It happened in the yard, so it's between the management and the workers.”
“His life didn't matter to him”
A driver at the company, Cristian Falca, who is from Romania, said his nephew was one of the men who threatened to set themselves alight. “They were desperate,” he said. “They wanted to set themselves alight for a protest. It was very frightening . . . He is my family. It is not okay, but his life didn't matter to him. He was so desperate.”
Mr Falca said the company had ignored a number of complaints. “Conditions are very poor,” he claimed. “There are problems with the trucks, the trailers, with planning, with operators in the office, and many others.”
Brett Gourlie, a director of O'Leary International, would not comment on the allegations but said “the company will continue to work with all the employees to address any concerns that they have”.
The company summoned the workers involved in the diesel incidents to a disciplinary hearing on Monday, writing that, because of the “extremely serious” breach of health and safety, they have been suspended, with pay, pending the proceedings' conclusion. The letter also alleges that the men threatened to set fire to company property.
Kieron Connolly of Siptu said the union would represent the workers at Monday's hearing.
End
-- Featuring a Star Studded Line-Up, Troyton Music, 21st Hapilos Celebrates Billboard SuccessWorldwide - It is few and far in between that a reggae or dancehall compilation charts billboard, but when it does, it is celebrated in unison, not only by fans, but by the various artists featured. The latest to hit the charts is the "True Emotions Riddim", produced by renowned billboard charting producer Troyton Music.Topping the iTunes top 10 reggae chart upon it's release, "True Emotions Riddim" is now #13 on billboard. The star studded line-up features some of the genre's most celebrated artists such as the legendary Beres Hammond, stars I-Octane, Mavado, Tarrus Riley, Jahmiel, Alaine, Christopher Martin, Jah Cure, Bugle, Charly Black, Lutan Fyah, Deep Jahi and rising recording artist Theron."I'm feeling overwhelmed by everything that's happening, from the song that I produced for Mavado "Unchanging Love" that was featured on DJ Khaled #1 album, that i produced, to top iTunes reggae chart when it was released. It was such a great feeling, and the response has been great, because of the lineup. I have been working 3 years on the project, it is really special to me and I am glad that it is also to others, It's a wonderful feeling." stated Troyton.The talented producer speaking on the riddim entering billboard added, "Entering the billboard at 13, it was expected but not expected. Sometimes you put your heart into but it doesn't do as well for some reason. But I like to humble myself and let my work speak for itself and just wait. Even after Khaled chose "Unchaining Love" out of 5 or 6 songs that was sent to him, and I knew it was going on the album, and I signed the contract. I still didn't get excited until I saw the track listing, even after that I waited. I played it over and over. So knowing that this is a compilation, this isn't an album. It's straight its great, it's awesome, it's a blessing".When asked what contributed to the success of this release, President of 21st Hapilos Kelly Dudley stated "Firstly Troyton Music delivered a truly great product. The riddim is great, it features A-list artists and the production quality is exceptional. But also, 21st Hapilos since the beginning of the year has totally revamped and reorganized itself into a much better and much more effective company. We have gotten rid of a lot of baggage and upgraded our management staff. We have also assembled a great team of people who is doing an excellent job in getting our content to places that was beyond our reach before, and we have formed new relationships and partnership with entities in key markets throughout the world that is now pushing our content like never before."Distributed by 21st Hapilos Digital, "True Emotions Riddim" is available on all major online digital platforms.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
March 28 Russia's VTB bank chief executive Andrei Kostin said on Tuesday that there was a window for Russia's Finance Ministry to issue a sovereign Eurobond issue in spring this year.
Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a meeting of the Association of Russian Banks, Kostin said that the finance ministry had not decided on who would arrange a Eurobond issue.
Russia is in no rush to issue new Eurobond, the finance ministry has said. (Reporting by Katya Golubkova; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn; Editing by Polina Devitt)
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syrian government forces seized full control of the last major town in Homs province held by Islamic State, Syrian state media reported on Saturday, as the army and its allies press a multi-pronged advance into eastern areas held by the jihadist group.
Syrian state media cited a military source saying Islamic State militants had been killed and their weapons destroyed at the town of al-Sukhna, some 50 km (30 miles) northeast of the ancient city of Palmyra.
FILE PHOTO - A general view the Syrian city of Homs, Syria December 8, 2015. Omar Sanadiki
The town is also located some 50 km (30 miles) from the provincial boundary of Deir al-Zor province, Islamic State's last major foothold in Syria and a major target for the Syrian government.
The jihadists have lost swathes of Syrian territory to separate campaigns being waged by government forces backed by Russia and Iran, and by the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic (SDF) Forces, which is dominated by the Kurdish YPG militia. The SDF is currently focused on capturing Raqqa city from Islamic State.
Syrian government forces advancing from the west have recently crossed into Deir al-Zor province from southern areas of Raqqa province.
Islamic State controls nearly all of Deir al-Zor province, which is bordered to the east by Iraq. The Syrian government still controls a pocket of territory in Deir al-Zor city, and a nearby military base.
Lunacie
Media Contact
AWJ Platinum PR
***@awjplatinum.com AWJ Platinum PR
End
-- Hip Hop recording artist, Lunacie, has officially soared to the top position at number one on dual charts, both Indie and Urban, with his new single release, "Feelin Kinda Good."The track is now leading at the top position and now in the top 10 of music charts along with Charlie Wilson, Kid Cudi, Sean Paul and other major artists.Lunacie's highly anticipated CD, "I'm The Best," is also scheduled to be released soon through Five-Star Music Group."On behalf of Five-Star Music Group, we want to celebrate this moment with Lunacie's success as a number one charting artist across more than one chart. This is an amazing accomplishment for an indie artist. He is the best,"says Darryle James, President of Five-Star Music Group.Five-Star Music Group is a professional music label based in the Bay Area. FSMG is a division of Vicious Grind Global. FSMG is on a mission to become one of the Bay Area's premiere independent hip hop and entertainmentcompanies.The label prides itself on its current roster of quality artists and projects in development soon to hit the US and global markets.Five-Star Music Group is announcing that it is changing its name to Vicious Grind Music Group,a Division of Vicious Grind Global LLC.Five-Star Music Group(FSMG)E: info@fivestarmusicgroup.com
There have been public concerns of conflict of interest and a call for Parliament to allow a different body outside of Parliament to investigate the allegations but starting its public hearings on Wednesday morning, the members of the committee unanimously agreed that they have the mandate and jurisdiction to investigate the matter.
Members of the Ad hoc Parliamentary Committee appointed to investigate the bribery allegations leveled against some Members of the Appointments Committee of Parliament have justified their jurisdiction.
The chairman of the committee, Mr Joe Ghartey explained that he was not going to recuse himself from the investigations explaining that he does not see any conflict of interest.
He explained that the committee was established under Order 191 of the Standing Orders of Parliament which gives the House the power to appoint a special or ad hoc committee to investigate any matter of public importance.
“We derive our power from Article 103 (3) of the Constitution, which states that committees of Parliament shall be charged with such functions including the investigation or enquiry into activities of the administration of ministries and departments of Parliament as they may determine etc.,” Mr Ghartey said.
The terms of reference of the committee is to establish whether the First Deputy Speaker, Mr Joseph Osei Owusu took money from the Energy Minister, Mr Boakye Agyarko and gave it to the Minority Chief Whip, Alhaji Mubarak Mohammed Muntaka to the distributed to Members of the Appointments Committee.
It is also to establish whether there was an attempt to bribe Members of the Appointments Committee and to look into the merits of the complaints and assertions made by the First Deputy Speaker, Mr Joseph Osei Owusu about the matter.
“Let me also remind you that in exercising our power, we have all the powers of a High Court or a Justice of the High Court at a trial but only in respect of enforcing the attendance of witnesses and examining them on oath… and compelling the production of documents or request to examine a witness abroad. We are not a court, this does not make us a court, we are committee of Parliament and we shall be guided by the Standing Orders of Parliament.”
Mr Ghartey made references to Order 196, 197 and 200.
…more to follow soon
Writer's email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Follow @enochfrimpong
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
March 29 Core-mark Holding Company Inc
* Core-Mark announces amendment of its credit facility
* Completed tenth amendment of its credit facility to increase size from $600 million to $750 million
* Core-Mark Holding Company Inc - maturity of credit facility has been extended to March 2022
* Core-Mark Holding Company Inc - amendment also includes an expansion feature to increase facility an additional $200 million to a total of $950 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain Athletics - London Marathon Previews - London - 20/4/17 Kenenisa Bekele (L) and Feyisa Lilesa (R) of Ethiopia ahead of the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
LONDON Ethiopian Kenenisa Bekele partly blamed his state-of-the-art Nike shoes for his failure to win the London Marathon on Sunday.
The 34-year-old was the pre-race favourite and had been on course to break the world record after 13 miles, but he then slowed down and fell behind his rivals.
He staged a superb recovery to finish second behind Kenya's Daniel Wanjiru. He later explained that his problems had been caused by blistering.
Bekele was wearing Nike's Zoom Vaporfly Elite shoes, which will be worn by Eliud Kipchoge, Lelisa Desisa and Zersenay Tadese in their Nike-backed attempt to run a sub-two-hour marathon in Italy next month.
“I used new shoes. When I was between 15km and 20km, the shoes started blistering my foot. My foot was not in a good position because of the shoes," Bekele told reporters.
“I changed the style to protect my foot more. It was difficult and changing the style affected my balance.
“Because of that I feel a little bit my hamstring. My leg was not responding well. That's why I slowed the pace. Around 35km, I was feeling better and increased the pace.”
Officials at Nike could not immediately be reached for comment.
Wanjiru held off Bekele by nine seconds to win in two hours five minutes 48 seconds in his first appearance at the London Marathon.
The 24-year-old insisted he had not been distracted by Bekele's demise and subsequent revival.
“I was not feeling (under pressure by) anybody because I was having self-confidence. My expectation was to win because I prepared very well in Kenya and my training went perfect.”
(Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
The growth in silver hair population and change in lifestyle habits are expected to drive the market along with the awareness about the benefits of diabetic footwear in the coming years.
Diabetic Footwear B
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Fashion
• Apparel
• Footwear Industry:
• Apparel Location:
• Portland - Oregon - US Subject:
• Reports
Contact
Allied Market Research
***@alliedmarketresearch.com Allied Market Research
End
-- According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, Diabetic Footwear Market by Distribution Channel, End User, and Footwear: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2017-2023, the diabetic footwear market size was valued at $4,994 million in 2016, and is estimated to reach $8,148 million by 2023, registering a CAGR of 7.6% from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, number of women diabetic footwear market share and specialty stores segments share dominated the global market share.North America is the market leader and accounts for 40% share of the global market in 2017, followed by Europe. North America is anticipated to dominate the market throughout the analysis period, due to the increasing diabetic population, more awareness regarding diabetic shoes and easy availability of these shoes.In addition, Asia-Pacific is estimated to grow at the highest CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period. The Diabetic footwear market is witnessing growth in the developing countries of Asia-Pacific due to the rising diabetic population, increase in disposable income and growing awareness about the diabetic footwear. The countries such as Japan and China are contributing more in the diabetic footwear market due to the high old age population which is high risk diabetic population. For instance, about 26% of Japans population is 60 years and above, and are more prone to diabetes. Therefore, companies have started investing in the diabetics footwear market.The key driver of the global diabetic footwear market is associated with rapid increase in diabetic cases and cases pertaining to foot deformities, ulcers, and others along with its costs of treatment, which continue to escalate annually. Increase in disposable income, improvement in GDP, and expenditure on healthcare, the orthopedic/diabetic footwear market has gained popularity in markets, globally. Furthermore, the majority of local players are increasingly competing for market share by improvising their shoe designs and expanding their market.Access Full Summary at:Furthermore, increased e-commerce market within major economies also aid the high market growth rate. E-commerce channels are expected to gain popularity in diabetic footwear market in the near future with some restraints, such as lesser awareness among consumers, customer-related carelessness, and higher cost issue.• North America leads the global diabetic footwear market, followed by the European region.• Asia-Pacific is growing with the highest CAGR of 8.6%, with the major share contributed by India and China.• The women end-user segment accounted for the highest market share with nearly 65% in 2016; however, the men end-user segment is anticipated to witness the highest demand during the forecast period.• The online platform for diabetic footwear is expected to show better growth rate as compared to specialty stores and footwear stores.• The shoe footwear type segment possesses higher market share and is expected to witness a considerable growth during the forecast period.The key players profiled in this report include Aetrex Industries, Inc. (U.S.), New Balance Atheltics, Inc. (U.S.), Orthofeet, Inc. (U.S.), DJO Global, Inc. (U.S.), Drew Shoe Corporation (U.S.), Podartis Srl (Italy), Propet USA, Inc. (U.S.), Hush Puppies Retail, Inc. (U.S.), Skechers U.S.A., Inc (U.S.), and Dr. Zen Products, Inc. (U.S)
DUBAI (Reuters) - U.S President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital could provide a lifeline to militants after the setbacks they suffered this year, the de facto leader of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) has warned.
Abu Dhabi Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed al-Nahayan also said that the UAE hopes that Washington would reconsider its decision.
Trump's announcement has sparked widespread opposition across the Middle East, with many warning it could affect Washington's role as a Middle East peace broker.
“The U.S. move could throw a lifebuoy to terrorist and armed groups, which have begun to lose ground in the region,” said Sheikh Mohammed, speaking to a delegation from the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
The comments were carried in a report on state news agency WAM published late on Saturday.
Iraq on Saturday declared final victory over Islamic State after Iraqi forces drove its last remnants from the country, while the group is on the back foot in neighbouring Syria, where an offensive backed by Russia has driven the group out of most of its strongholds.
Palestinians want Arab East Jerusalem, captured by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war, to be the capital of a state they hope would be emerged from peace talks with Israel. Israel has annexed East Jerusalem in a move not recognised internationally and regards the area as part of its capital.
Sheikh Mohammed said Trump's unilateral decision violates U.N. resolutions, and urged Washington to “reconsider its move and work basically in an effective and neutral manner to draft true principles for peace that serve all and realise development and stability in the region”, according to WAM.
Turning to Yemen, Sheikh Mohammed said the Saudi-led Arab coalition, which includes the UAE, remained committed to a political solution to end the war that began in 2015 when the Iran-aligned Houthis advanced on the southern port city of Aden forcing President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi to flee into exile.
But he said that any solution “will also not be at the expense of enabling a military militia that operates outside the state authority and posing a direct threat to the security and stability of the sisterly Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the region at large.”
FILE PHOTO: Brazil's Agriculture Minister, Blairo Maggi speaks during a ceremony to mark the signing of a decree on new regulations for beef inspection, at the Planalto Palace in Brasilia, Brazil March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
BRASILIA/São Paulo Agriculture Minister Blairo Maggi has asked Brazil's foreign trade council to impose tariffs on ethanol imports following a surge in shipments from the United States, an official said on Thursday, a move that could stir trade tensions with the Trump administration.
Brazil is the main market for U.S. exports of corn ethanol which have swelled in recent months to fill a gap left by falling domestic output, as cane farmers in the South American country diverted more of their crop to making sugar because of high prices.
Ethanol imports from the United States increased fivefold to a record 720 million liters in the first quarter - worth some $363 million, according to official trade data.
Most of that went to ports in northeastern Brazil, where ethanol producers are leading calls for the imposition of a 20 percent tariff.
The Agriculture Ministry's secretary for international relations, Odilson Ribeiro, told Reuters the minister sent the request on Wednesday to the foreign trade chamber, known as Camex, that decides on import and export rules.
The seven-minister council is due to meet on Wednesday when the sugar and ethanol industry lobby UNICA hopes the tariff will be approved, though the body has no deadline to decide.
Imposing a tariff on ethanol imports, which come almost entirely from the United States, would put Brazil on a collision course with the more aggressive U.S. trade policy under President Donald Trump.
Brazil scrapped the levy in 2010 as it lobbied for liberalizing the ethanol trade, pressuring the United States to remove its own import tariffs.
At a meeting on Wednesday, Brazil's sugar cane lobby UNICA pressed Maggi, a billionaire soy producer who has not always supported the industry, for a 16 percent tariff.
Ministry officials declined to say whether Maggi had recommended a tariff level, but an aide said the wider trade implications of the decision were being analyzed.
"We are evaluating the impact this could have on Brazil's overall trade relations, especially with the United States," the Maggi aide said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter.
NOT FAIR TRADE
U.S. ethanol producers have redirected exports to Brazil after China reintroduced a 30 percent ethanol tariff this year.
Edward Hubbard, general counsel for the Renewable Fuels Association that represents U.S. biofuels producers, said the RFA, Growth Energy and the U.S. Grains Council wrote this month to the U.S. Trade Representative about the matter, copying the White House, USDA, and the Department of Commerce.
"Trade is not free and fair if the U.S. opens its door to Brazilian imports but Brazil chooses to erect trade barriers to protect its industry from competition," he told Reuters, adding that U.S. officials had spoken to counterparts in Brazil about the matter.
The Brazilian Energy Ministry's biofuels director, Miguel de Oliveira, warned this week the U.S. government would retaliate if Brazil resorted to ethanol tariffs.
Traders expect the surge in imports to continue even if a tariff is imposed, as big players in Brazil are heavily buying U.S. ethanol, among them Copersucar, which controls biofuel marketer Eco-Energy LLC.
Biosev SA, a unit of trader Louis Dreyfus Co, and Raizen - a joint venture between Brazil's largest sugar producer Cosan and Royal Dutch Shell - are also active buyers, traders said.
"Maybe (it will) reduce the flow a little bit but we still expect them to maximize sugar and still need ethanol," said one U.S. trader, on condition he was not named. He saw no more than a 50-50 chance of tariffs because of the prospect of U.S. retaliation.
UNICA said in a statement to Reuters the levy was needed for environmental reasons because Brazilian sugar cane ethanol produces less greenhouse gas emissions than U.S. corn ethanol, helping Brazil to meet its targets under the Paris climate change agreement.
A spokeswoman for the lobby said UNICA hoped the matter would be settled next week.
Joel Velasco, who led UNICA's efforts to expand biofuel markets in the last decade, said a return to tariffs was the wrong policy at the wrong time.
"Protectionist moves are short-sighted in any climate but especially now when the current U.S. administration would likely retaliate disproportionately," said Velasco, Latin America expert at Albright Stonebridge Group.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle and Marcelo Teixeira; Additional reporting by Chris Prentice in New York; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
A man who told police he was selling drugs to pay child support and legal fees was arrested following a traffic stop.
That arrest also led to a child neglect complaint against his girlfriend.
Police Sgt. Matthew Whittington stopped a car Friday at the intersection of Southwest 7th Street and Lee Boulevard. K-9 Officer Brittany Schulte arrived as backup and her dog indicated drugs might be present, according to Whittington's report, and officers found a dark-colored backpack with three bags of marijuana, a Xanax pill, a scale, and multiple plastic bags.
During an interview, the driver said he had been selling marijuana for approximately two years in order to help pay child support and legal fees, according to the police report. He also told officers he had approximately 6 ounces of marijuana, guns and $3,000 in cash at home, where he lived with his girlfriend and two children.
Detectives Kim Morton and Jeff Hall who were watching the man's home in the 300 block of Northwest 40th Street saw a woman leave the house and put a child in a vehicle, according to the police report. When she returned, they told her that her boyfriend had been arrested and asked about the whereabouts of the other child. She told them she had left her 4-year-old daughter in the house asleep while she took her other child to school.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on the explosion in Manhattan in an underground passageway (all times local):
10 a.m.
New York City police say they are combing through video of the bombing in the subway system.
They say the suspect meant to set off the bomb, but it's not clear if he meant to do so in a passageway in the Times Square area where it went off Monday during the morning rush hour.
Advertisement
Twenty-seven-year-old Akayed Ullah is in police custody. Officials say he sustained burns to his abdomen and hands and cuts after the crude pipe bomb exploded.
Law enforcement officials say Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State, but apparently had no direct contact with the terrorist group. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the suspect or incident.
— By Colleen Long
___
9:55 a.m.
Police have identified the 27-year-old man who detonated an explosive device strapped to his body in the New York City subway.
Police say Akayed Ullah intentionally exploded the crude device in a passageway under Times Square during the morning rush hour Monday. They say he is in custody. They say the device is a crudely-made pipe bomb.
Authorities called the incident an attempted terrorist attack. Three others suffered minor injuries, including headaches and ringing in the ears.
The suspect had burns on his abdomen and also to his hands.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:45 a.m.
Police Commissioner James O'Neill says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was a terror-related incident.
A 27-year-old man had a crude pipe bomb strapped to him and it went off in a passageway from Seventh and Eighth Avenues near Times Square.
Three people suffered minor non-life-threatening injuries. The suspect was also injured and was taken into custody.
Mayor Bill de Blasio says the device that exploded in the New York City subway was an attempted terrorist attack. He says it's lucky the suspect didn't achieve his ultimate goals.
Law enforcement officials say he was inspired by the Islamic State, but had apparently not had any direct contact with the terror group.
___
9:40 a.m.
A photo published by the New York Post from the scene of the Manhattan subway explosion shows a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and a police officer holding the man's hands behind his back.
Soot covers the man's bare midriff.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following the pipe bomb explosion at the height of the morning rush hour Monday.
None of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:30 a.m.
The Fire Department of New York says four people, including the suspect, have been hurt following a pipe bomb explosion in a New York City subway at the height of the morning rush hour.
Fire officials say Monday none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
___
9:15 a.m.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway between Seventh and Eighth Avenues on 42nd Street.
The explosion filled the passageway with smoke while it was crowded with throngs of Monday morning commuters.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on the incident.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal, the nation's largest bus hub, was shut down, along with the eight subway lines and all streets around Times Square.
___
8:45 a.m.
A law enforcement official tells The Associated Press that a man had a pipe bomb strapped to him when it went off on a New York City subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
The person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries. Another person on the platform sustained non-life-threatening injuries
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders has tweeted that President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
___
8:40 a.m.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority Bus Terminal are diverting to other locations following an explosion in New York City.
NJ Transit says buses are taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken. From there, they can take trains or PATH into the city.
Trains, PATH, light rail and ferries are honoring bus tickets into New York.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
___
8:25 a.m.
A law enforcement official says what is believed to be an explosive device has been set off on Manhattan subway platform.
The explosion happened around 7:30 a.m. Monday. Details were still developing.
A person was arrested and has non-life-threatening injuries.
There was no immediate word of any other injuries.
The official spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the incident.
Passengers were evacuated as a precaution from the subway line where the explosion happened, near 40th Street and Eighth Avenue.
— Associated Press writer Colleen Long
___
8 a.m.
The New York Police Department says it is responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square.
The response is centered in the area of the Port Authority bus terminal.
It's led to delays along some of the subway lines that pass beneath the bus terminal.
Some passengers have been evacuated as a precaution.
There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Media Contact
Vicki Burdick
vickiburdick@ me.com
***@me.com Vicki Burdickvickiburdick@me.com
End
-- Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the fairest of them all? CIDE's Snow White, of course!On May 20, 2017, Central Indiana Dance Ensemble (CIDE), the pre-professional dance company under the direction of Artistic Director Suzann DeLay, presents the iconic fairytale ballet, Snow White, at The Center for the Performing Arts Booth Tarkington Civic Theater.CIDE invites central Indiana residents to experience this enchanting family friendly, classic fairytale with every child's favorite characters. This world premier production is choreographed exclusively for CIDE by the talented Chelsey Dahm Bradley. Ms. Bradley is a four-time recipient of the Regional Dance America National Commissioning Award and was named the recipient of Regional Dance America's Choreography Connection Grant. Ms. Bradley is currently the resident choreographer for Dance Wisconsin.Artistic Director Suzann DeLay is thrilled to perform this enchanted fairytale, "Central Indiana Dance Ensemble is proud to be the first local ballet company to introduce the Snow White ballet to the community. As a company, this is another example of how we strive to bring the best shows and talent to the stage for our audience. "Snow White will be performed on Saturday, May 20th at the Booth Tarkington Civic Theater. There is a 2 p.m. matinee performance and 7:30 p.m. evening show. Guests can purchase tickets online at www.cidedance.org or by calling 317.844.7453.
Police investigating a hit-and-run in which a 14-year-old boy was seriously injured are appealing for the public's help tracing a man who may have information.
The hit-and-run crash between a VW Golf and young boy took place in Leagrave Road on Wednesday, March 14, at around 4.15pm.
The boy sustained life-threatening injuries and remains in hospital.
Officers are looking for Casim Hussain, 19, from Luton and believe he may still be in the Marsh Farm or Hockwell Ring areas of the town.
Anyone who knows of his whereabouts or who may have seen him should contact Bedfordshire Police on 101. Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
(Updates prices, adds comments; changes byline, dateline, pvs LONDON)
* Traders optimistic Fed will hint Wednesday at June rate hike
* Traders discount soft U.S. economic data
* Dollar pares gains vs yen after touching 112.30 yen
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Sam Forgione
NEW YORK, May 2 The U.S. dollar hit a six-week high against the yen on Tuesday as traders discounted weak U.S. economic data and anticipated that the Federal Reserve would prepare markets for an interest rate increase in June in its Wednesday statement.
The dollar hit 112.30 yen, its highest since March 21, despite data on Monday showing weak U.S. factory activity and inflation and last week's release of U.S. first-quarter gross domestic product, which showed the weakest performance in three years.
Analysts said the data was not enough to stifle risk appetite, which in turn hurt the safe-haven yen. Some analysts also said the closure of Tokyo markets for the Golden Week holidays was contributing to a lack of liquidity in the yen, which exacerbated its weakness against the dollar and the euro.
"It's just a good old-fashioned risk-on trade, which correlates with the yen weakening," said Richard Scalone, co-head of foreign exchange at TJM Brokerage in Chicago.
The weakness in U.S. economic data has not altered expectations that the Fed will hike interest rates in June, analysts have said. That, in turn, has boosted the dollar against the yen and kept it relatively stable against the euro.
The euro was last mostly flat against the dollar at $1.0901 . The dollar was last up 0.3 percent against the yen at 112.13 yen, not far from its six-week high.
Along with the Fed statement, traders were awaiting Friday's U.S. April non-farm payrolls report from the U.S. Labor Department. Economists polled by Reuters expect U.S. employers to have added 185,000 jobs last month, up from March's 98,000.
Optimism for Friday's jobs data and the likelihood that the Fed on Wednesday would prepare markets for rate increases boosted the dollar against the yen, said Sireen Harajli, FX strategist at Mizuho in New York.
"Even though we're seeing this softer tone coming out of the data, I think markets are still expecting positive figures," Harajli said. She said, however, that muted activity in currency markets still indicated some caution ahead of the jobs report and Fed statement.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was last up 0.1 percent at 99.171.
(Reporting by Sam Forgione; additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London; editing by Grant McCool)
Thai navy SEALS and rescue teams started giving crash courses in diving and swimming to trapped young soccer players, hoping for a swift end to the group's harrowing ordeal.
Rescue divers on Tuesday found twelve teenage soccer players and their coach alive after they went missing in a Thai cave more than 10 days ago. But authorities said it remained unclear how long the boys would have to remain inside.
The boys, aged 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach entered the cave to celebrate a birthday. They became trapped when sudden rainfall flooded its entry on June 23. Similar incidents have befallen other visitors at the local tourist spot.
On Wednesday, Thai authorities provided food and medicine to the soccer group while experts assessed the conditions needed to evacuate them out safely.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children take a lot of people," Prawit Wongsuwan, Thailand's deputy prime minister, told reporters.
"Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," he said, adding that if water levels subside, the Wild Boar soccer team would be taken out easily.
Another option would be to drill a hole into the cave and airlift the boys out. But authorities say they prefer the diving option.
Read more: Rescuers lower food, maps for missing children in Thai cave
Preparations underway
In a video released on Wednesday, the soccer players said they were in good health. The boys and their coach are seen sitting with Thai Navy SEALS in the dark cave with their emaciated faces visible in the one-minute video.
Rescuers said they would not put the boys' lives in danger and would take "no risk" to free them.
"All 13 don't have to come out at the same time," Narongsak Osottanakorn, governor of Chiang Rai province, told reporters on Wednesday. "Who is ready first can go first."
Weerachon Sukondhapatipak, a government spokesman, said more preparations are needed to rescue the boys.
"Some of them can't swim, so therefore it will take time for them to adjust," he said.
"Officials would teach them how to move, how to dive, how to move their body under those circumstances," he added.
Somboon Sompiangjai told Reuters news agency that his son Peerapat, 16, can swim and that he was confident that SEALS would eventually get the boys out.
"I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive," he said. "I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days."
Read more: US, UK divers join search for kids' football team trapped in Thai cave
Why it is proving difficult to extricate Thai cave boys Found alive after nine days Rescue divers on Tuesday found twelve teenage soccer players and their coach alive after they went missing in a Thai cave more than ten days ago. But authorities said it remained unclear how long the boys would have to remain inside.
Why it is proving difficult to extricate Thai cave boys Massive rescue efforts Thai rescuers are assisted by an international search team comprising experts from China, Australia, the US and Britain. A video from the Thai Navy SEAL Facebook page shows the group several kilometers inside the 10-kilometer (6-mile) cave network on a small wedge of dry ground. The boys had moved 400 meters further in as the ledge had become covered by water.
Why it is proving difficult to extricate Thai cave boys Trapped by flooding The boys, aged 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach entered the cave to celebrate a birthday. They became trapped in the cave, which is a local tourist spot where similar incidents have taken place in the past, when sudden rainfall flooded its entry on June 23. Authorities have brought the group high-protein gels and supplies to last for four months and have been trying to install a phone line.
Why it is proving difficult to extricate Thai cave boys A difficult mission The rescue mission is proving to be difficult for divers whose efforts are continually hampered by rising water that has filled sections of the cave, often forcing them to halt efforts. Getting trained divers in is easier than getting untrained kids out. "We have to be 100 percent confident that there is no risk to the boys before we evacuate," provincial governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said.
Why it is proving difficult to extricate Thai cave boys Boys' safety paramount As the entire nation is glued to the media coverage of the rescue mission, Thai authorities insist they will not compromise on the safety of the trapped group. "We want to evacuate all 13 people as soon as possible but I don't want to specify any day and date," Thai junta leader Prayut Chan-ocha (seen in this picture) said. He also thanked international experts who helped find the boys.
Why it is proving difficult to extricate Thai cave boys A glimpse of joy Families of the teenage soccer players have expressed their joy over the discovery of the boys. Outside the cave, the mother of one of the boys said she was "glad" for a glimpse of her son. "He's thinner," she said, as she ran her finger over the image of her son on a television screen.
Why it is proving difficult to extricate Thai cave boys What next? As the monsoon rains begin, water is being pumped out of the caves and a plan is being developed to bring them to safety. Suggestions have included teaching the boys how to dive, and waiting until the waters subside. Another option would be to drill a hole into the cave and airlift the boys out. Chiang Rai's deputy governor said authorities prefer the diving option.
shs/kms (Reuters, AP, AFP)
0:45 Ice house by the lake proves spring has abandoned us This house on Lake Ontario looks like a modern version of an igloo. It became completely covered in ice as a massive snowstorm swept toward the New York City area. A photographer who captured images of the home was accused of faking them with spray foam.
0:53 Stampede of commuters barely makes it off a burning bus A bus burst into flames in Harbin City, China, after one of the tires caught on fire. More than 50 passengers rushed to evacuate, causing a stampede.
0:45 Woman munches on raw meat outside a train station A woman was seen eating a pound of raw meat outside a train station in central London. The person filming the gruesome sight gasped when she bit into the uncooked ground beef, which she drizzled with oil, and topped off by biting into a whole lemon.
1:13 Cop gets wrestled to the ground and hit with car before suspect's arrest A routine traffic stop turned into a high-speed chase in Georgia, after a driver wrestled a deputy to the ground and escaped arrest. The suspect eventually was driven off the road and charged with possession of a large amount of Xanax and aggravated assault against a law enforcement officer.
0:59 The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and affairs that left marks on our political history.
0:35 Cyclist goes airborne after he's hit by reckless driver North Wales police released CCTV footage of reckless driver Jake David Tompkinson hitting a cyclist, who went flying through the air. This week, Tompkins was sentenced to a year in prison and a two-and-a-half-year ban on driving. Police say Tompkins was driving carelessly and not paying attention at the time of the incident in July 2017. The biker sustained serious injuries and allowed the footage of his accident to be released to raise awareness of reckless driving.
0:55 Masked couple batter shop owner and steal $35K worth of gold Qatari tourist Mohammed Ibrahim Malki and his lady friend Aisha Udomwatananon donned masks to rob a Thai gold shop. Janyong Nopparat, t he store owner, was hit over the head with a metal bar and repeatedly punched in front of his horrified wife. The thieving couple fled in a car that was rented from a tourist resort miles from the gold shop. They were later found and arrested. Janyong and his wife were traumatized and injured, but they did get the $35,000 worth of gold returned.
0:51 Pepsi thief forgets to cover his face before stealing vending machine One Pepsi was not enough. Two men in Oklahoma City were seen stealing a Pepsi vending machine, after one of the thieves purchased a drink just five minutes before. The bandanna-clad suspects loaded the entire machine into a white pickup truck.
0:57 15-foot python found living inside this man's living room wall Forget the exterminator — time to call a snake charmer. A 15-foot-long python was caught hiding inside the walls of a living room in Bangkok. “This was an unusual place to find the snake,” said one of the rescuers, who hammered through the plasterboard to catch the serpent. “We think it got inside though a gap in the wall to shelter from the rain.”
LAGOS, April 6 Nigeria's Union Bank plans to raise funds this year to boost its capital adequacy and tap opportunities to lend to agri-business focused on the domestic economy, its chief executive said on Thursday.
Emeka Enuwa said after the capital raise it was targeting a capital adequacy ratio above 18 percent, he told an analysts call.
He said the bank had exposure of 3.9 billion naira ($12.8 mln) to Etisalat Nigeria, the local arm of Abu Dhabi-listed telecoms firm Etisalat which has been discussing with 13 local lenders about renegotiating the terms of a $1.2 billion loan. ($1 = 305.20 naira) (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha; editing by Susan Thomas)
COPENHAGEN (Reuters) - Danish police said on Sunday they had found nobody in the wreck of a submarine owned by an inventor charged with the manslaughter of a woman who had been on board - but added the vessel seemed to have been deliberately sunk.
Police have said that Swedish journalist Kim Wall, 30, is missing after taking a ride on Peter Madsen's homemade 17-metre sub, which sank on Friday morning. Madsen was rescued by the navy.
Madsen, 46, has been ordered to be held in custody for 24 days, accused of Wall's manslaughter.
The vessel was recovered on Saturday from Koge Bay, south of Copenhagen, where it had been lying at a depth of seven metres, and taken into harbour. Police searched it late on Saturday and early on Sunday.
"There are no persons in the submarine, dead or alive," Jens Moller, head of Copenhagen Police's homicide unit, said at a news conference on Sunday.
An unidentified woman stands in the tower of the private submarine "UC3 Nautilus" pictured in Copenhagen Harbor, Denmark August 11, 2017. Picture taken August 11, 2017. Anders Valdsted/Scanpix Denmark via REUTERS
He said it appeared to have been deliberately scuttled, and was still being treated as a possible crime scene.
A helicopter search the area off of Copenhagen Harbour where the world's largest privately-built submarine 'Nautilus' was reported missing near Copenhagen, Denmark August 11, 2017. Scanpix Denmark/Bax Lindhardt via REUTERS
Madsen, an entrepreneur, artist, submarine builder and aerospace engineer, went before a judge on Saturday behind closed doors for preliminary questioning. His defence lawyer, Betina Hald Engmark, told Reuters he denied the charges.
Police said on Friday the inventor had told them he dropped Wall off from his submarine in Copenhagen on Thursday night. On Sunday they said they had since been given another explanation by Madsen, but declined to elaborate.
Police in Sweden said they had tried without success to contact Wall by phone and that her family had not heard from her.
The submarine, UC3 Nautilus, is one of three constructed by Madsen. It can carry eight people.
The Countryfile presenter's documentary about the Indian film industry will be screened in the summer.
BBC presenter Anita Rani has revealed that she has made a new documentary about Bollywood and its place in modern India.
The Countryfile host teased the show with posts on her Twitter and Instagram profiles.
Alongside a photo of her in a group of four people clasping hands and wearing traditional Indian clothing, the presenter wrote: “Major announcement!
“I've made a programme I've been wanting to make forever, all about Bollywood!
“It's coming to a TV screen near you this summer.
“A look into the World's Biggest Film Industry and modern India.
“I think you're going to love it.”
Rani, 40, previously appeared on the series Who Do You Think You Are? in 2015, where she explored her own Indian family history.
She was born in Bradford to a Hindu father and a Sikh mother.
During the programme she uncovered more information about her maternal grandfather's first wife and their children, who died during the violence of the partition of India.
In 2011, she co-hosted two programmes with fellow journalist Justin Rowlatt called India On Four Wheels.
The documentary analysed the changes growing car usage had brought to the country over the previous 20 years.
Anita Rani with partner Gleb Savchenko ahead of the Strictly Come Dancing Live Tour in 2017. (Joe Giddens/PA Wire)
Rani has appeared as a contestant on Strictly Come Dancing, where she reached the semi-final of the 13th series.
She also hosted the Strictly Live Tour last year.
© Press Association 2018
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Slovak championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Ruzomberok 0 Slovan Bratislava 1 Saturday, December 9 AS Trencin 5 Zilina 2 DAC Dunajska Streda 3 ViOn Zlate Moravce 3 FK Senica 1 MFK Zemplin Michalovce 1 FK Zeleziarne Podbrezova 1 Nitra 0 Spartak Trnava 1 1.FC Tatran Presov 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Spartak Trnava 19 14 1 4 29 15 43 ------------------------- 2 Zilina 19 11 1 7 40 28 34 3 Slovan Bratislava 19 9 7 3 37 25 34 ------------------------- 4 DAC Dunajska Streda 19 8 8 3 25 20 32 ------------------------- 5 Ruzomberok 19 8 7 4 31 19 31 6 AS Trencin 19 8 5 6 47 30 29 7 Nitra 19 7 7 5 18 12 28 8 ViOn Zlate Moravce 19 7 4 8 26 26 25 9 MFK Zemplin Michalovce 19 5 5 9 16 22 20 10 FK Zeleziarne Podbrezova 19 4 2 13 14 36 14 11 1.FC Tatran Presov 19 3 4 12 13 40 13 ------------------------- 12 FK Senica 19 2 5 12 16 39 11 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup 12: Relegation
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Actor Will Poulter was also watching the tennis on Centre Court.
Celebrity chefs were among those watching Centre Court on Wednesday as Serena Williams and Roger Federer continued their Wimbledon campaigns.
Michel Roux Jr and his wife arrived in good spirits before making their way to the members' area.
They were followed shortly after by another Michelin-starred chef – Marcus Wareing – and his wife Jane.
Marcus Wareing and his wife Jane at Wimbledon (Philip Toscano/PA)
Wearing statement red shoes, Wareing said he was excited for a day of tennis.
He added: “Last time we watched Federer, and we really, really enjoyed that – to see him play was fantastic and it will be nice to watch him again.”
Wareing said he had been up watching England's clash with Colombia in the World Cup and that it was a “great feeling” to have won.
Ms Wareing said she was also looking forward to seeing the only Brit in action on day three of the Championships – Katie Swan.
However, Swan crashed out of the tournament losing 6-0, 6-3 to Mihaela Buzarnescu.
Regular Wimbledon attendees Michael and Carole Middleton – the Duchess of Cambridge's parents – were also seen arriving ahead of play starting.
Actor Will Poulter was among the names watching Karolina Pliskova and Victoria Azarenka going head to head on Centre Court.
© Press Association 2018
Share This: The MCU Isn't Welcoming Those Fox Superheroes Just Yet Jon
Now that Disney is in the process of acquiring Fox and its various superhero characters—including Deadpool and the X-Men—and the MCU is on the brink of killing some of its most iconic characters (that's the rumour anyway), you'd think Kevin Feige and his collaborators at Marvel would be anxious to incorporate those Fox characters in the MCU. Well, even if they are enthusiastic about the idea, fans will have to be patient, as Marvel has a long list of films to get through first.
“Any of that deal would take a while to get going and years from whenever and if ever it happens,” he told The Playlist. “It won't impact the five movies we've announced, and it probably wouldn't impact anything for a handful of years after that because, really, we're not thinking about that. We're thinking of delivering on what we promised. Any movie, especially for any characters we don't have the rights to yet until someone tells us we do, would be even further after that.”
When the opportunity to integrate these characters eventually arrives, Feige suggests you look no further than early MCU history for a sense of how it might go down. “If you look back to Phase 1 and after Iron Man was released and we announced our upcoming films, one of which was Thor, people said, ‘How in the world can you bring in a Norse god who flies with a hammer into the world you've established of Tony Stark and Stark Industries?' That was sort of the reason we made the Thor film the way we did—tonally, there's always a way… the comics have been navigating it quite well for half a century.”
Avengers: Infinity War arrives in theatres later this week. Check out the trailer below.
Autopilot crashes aren't the only problems EV maker Tesla has been forced to contend with lately.
As we reported last week, Consumer Reports (CR) refused to give Tesla's Model 3 all-electric sedan their recommendation due to "big flaws" in the vehicle's braking system.
At the time, the outlet claimed the Model 3's braking abilities were noticeably worse than a full-size pick-up truck.
Tesla was quick to refute this claim by saying CR's testing was affected by environmental temperatures, road surfaces, and "past driving behavior."
Regardless, company CEO Elon Musk later said the issue could be fixed via a firmware update. This statement prompted CR to agree to re-test the vehicle if Tesla successfully managed to pull off an "industry first" over-the-air brake update.
It seems that's precisely what has happened, as CR now says the Model 3 has officially earned their recommendation. According to the outlet, Tesla has managed to reduce the vehicle's braking distance from 152ft to 133ft.
Furthermore, Tesla has already begun to take many of the outlet's other complaints (such as wind noise and uncomfortable rear seats) into account by implementing changes to their production line.
CR plans to rent another Model 3 from Tesla at a later date to see these changes in action.
New Delhi: India will play their inaugural match of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2019 against South Africa on June 4. Though the venue has not been finalized but a BCCI source on the sidelines of the ICC meet being held in Kolkata on Tuesday confirmed that India will play their first match of the tournament against the Proteas.
It is expected that ICC will announce the complete schedule of the 2019 World Cup post the high-profile 5-day meet currently being held in Kolkata.
The next edition of the World Cup will be played in England and is scheduled to begin from May 30, 2019.
This time World Cup 2019 will feature 10 teams instead, a decrease from previous World Cups in 2011 and 2015 which featured 14 teams.
Afghanistan and West Indies recently qualified for the World Cup becoming ninth and tenth teams respectively for the quadrennial event.
England will be hosting the World Cup for the fifth time after hosting the first three editions in 1975, 1979 and 1983 as well as the 1999 tournament when matches were also played in Wales, Scotland and Ireland.
12 venues have been finalized to host 45 matches of the tournament. The format of the tournament will also see changes this time. Format used in 1992 Cricket World Cup will be once again used where the group stage will have all ten teams play each other in a single group. This means a total of 45 matches will be played with each team playing a total of nine matches. The top four teams from the group will then progress to the knockout stage.
Last World Cup which was held in 2015 was won by Australia in Melbourne against neighbours New Zealand. 2011 winners India got knocked out by Australia in the semis of the tournament.
A member of the Iraqi Kurdish security forces stands guard next to the car of Mohammed Younis, a senior official of Iraq's state-run North Gas Company (NGC) who was killed by gunmen, in the northern oil city of Kirkuk, Iraq, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ako Rasheed TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Iraqi Kurdish security forces look at the car of Mohammed Younis, a senior official of Iraq's state-run North Gas Company (NGC) who was killed by gunmen, in the northern oil city of Kirkuk, Iraq, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ako Rasheed
Iraqi Kurdish security forces stand next to the car of Mohammed Younis, a senior official of Iraq's state-run North Gas Company (NGC) who was killed by gunmen, in the northern oil city of Kirkuk, Iraq, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ako Rasheed
Iraqi Kurdish security forces look at the car of Mohammed Younis, a senior official of Iraq's state-run North Gas Company (NGC) who was killed by gunmen, in the northern oil city of Kirkuk, Iraq, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ako Rasheed
Iraqi Kurdish security forces stand next to the car of Mohammed Younis, a senior official of Iraq's state-run North Gas Company (NGC) who was killed by gunmen, in the northern oil city of Kirkuk, Iraq, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Ako Rasheed
KIRKUK, Iraq Gunmen shot dead a senior official of Iraq's state-run North Gas Company (NGC) on Tuesday as he was heading to his office in the northern oil city of Kirkuk, police and company sources said.
Deputy NGC manager Mohammed Younis, an Iraqi Kurd, and his driver were killed instantly when assailants in a speeding car fired on their vehicle, police sources said.
No claim of responsibility for the killings has been made.
Kirkuk has a mixed population of Kurds, Turkmens and Arabs. It has been under Kurdish control since June 2014, when Islamic State overran the northwest of the country and Iraqi security forces collapsed.
(Reporting by Mustafa Mahmoud; Writing by Ahmed Rasheed; Editing by Catherine Evans)
BAGHDAD (AP) — As Iraq emerges from three years of war with the Islamic State group, the U.S. is looking to roll back the influence of neighboring Iran and help the central government resolve its dispute with the Kurdish region, the American envoy to the country told The Associated Press.
U.S. Ambassador Douglas Silliman took up his post in Baghdad in September 2016, just weeks before the start of the operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. With IS now driven out of all the territory it once held and Iraq's declaration that the war against the extremists is over, he says Washington is focused on keeping the peace and rebuilding, and sees Iran's influence as a problem.
"Iran simply does not respect the sovereignty of its neighbors," Silliman said. "The Iranians have — to some extent — assisted the government of Iraq in defeating ISIS," he said, using an alternative acronym for IS. "But frankly I have not seen the Iranians donating money for humanitarian assistance, I have not seen them contributing to the U.N. stabilization program."
Iran gained major influence in Iraq after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein's Sunni-led dictatorship and empowered the country's Shiite majority.
Advertisement
When IS swept across northern and central Iraq in the summer of 2014, Iran-backed militias mobilized in the country's defense, providing a bulwark in many areas while the beleaguered armed forces were rebuilt. The now state-sanctioned paramilitaries, known as the Popular Mobilization Forces, consist of tens of thousands of mostly Shiite fighters deployed across the country. Victories against IS have made their leaders increasingly powerful.
The Trump administration has called for the paramilitary forces to disband after the IS fight is complete. It has also vowed to take a much tougher line on Iran, threatening to pull the U.S. out of the landmark 2015 nuclear agreement and levying sanctions on Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guard.
Iraq is meanwhile seeking external support for reconstruction after the war, which the government says caused an estimated $100 billion in damage. Some 3 million Iraqis are still displaced, months after major fighting ended.
The Trump administration has made clear that the $14.3 billion military campaign against IS will not be replaced with a similarly funded reconstruction effort. International aid organizations are instead looking to wealthy Gulf states.
"Iraq is coming out of a difficult period where there had been a lot of economic destruction, lots of social disruption and we think that it is important for Iraq to have good, positive relationships with all of its neighbors, and Iran is included in that," Silliman said.
He said the U.S. was encouraged by recent Iraqi efforts to reach out to Saudi Arabia and Jordan, allies that it hopes will play a bigger role in the country going forward.
The U.S. is also hoping to help calm tensions between the central government and the northern Kurdish region following a September independence referendum that was rejected by Baghdad. Federal forces clashed with Kurdish fighters in October as Baghdad retook disputed territories that the Kurds had seized from IS.
"The relatively modest role we are playing is to help both sides find ways to walk through the door of discussions," Silliman said, explaining that while both sides support "the idea" of discussions, negotiations to end the crisis have not yet begun.
April 6 Singapore Exchange Limited-
* Singapore Exchange Regulation Appoints Tan Cheng Han Chairman
* Sgx chief regulatory officer, tan boon gin has been appointed as ceo and board member of sgx regco
* Sgx Regco is appointing professor tan cheng han as chairman Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Nine years ago, D.J. Patil and Jeff Hammerbacher coined the term “data scientist.” Four years later, Patil and Thomas Davenport deemed the profession “the sexiest job of the 21st century” in the pages of Harvard Business Review.
Ever since then, companies of all types have been struggling with a massive supply-and-demand imbalance of data scientists. For banks, this imbalance is particularly challenging at a time when the industry is increasingly vying for the same talent the tech giants are aggressively courting. To stay competitive, the financial services industry must defend against a new cast of competitors by changing how it attracts, hires and develops data science talent.
There are different types of data scientists but the purest definition of data scientist — the one referenced in the HBR article — is the research data scientist. The main job for this type of data scientist is to research new algorithmic techniques and write about them. With few exceptions, the research data scientist has a Ph.D. in statistics or something equivalent and possesses a range of skills — from math to coding. They are exceptionally hard to find and they are compensated accordingly. These are the kind the “Tech Five” — Google, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft and Amazon — employ.
The need for companies from all industries — including tech titans — to hire more research data scientists is only on the rise. However, the Tech Five have advantages in recruiting the elusive talent over banks.
For Ph.D. talent, the Tech Five are willing to pay handsomely — they will pay data scientists well beyond $500,000, and routinely, they will pay them $1 million per year. Truthfully, most banks are less inclined to make that commitment, which lets the Tech 5 stockpile talent.
But this dynamic must change in order for banks to mitigate the risk tech companies present. Indeed, the Tech Five have the scale, resources, ambition, and perhaps most importantly, datasets that challenge the world's largest financial institutions. Unlike financial services organizations, the tech titan's data isn't necessarily siloed. Therefore, the Tech Five can put the data to use in ways that even the most sophisticated financial institution can only imagine.
While it is not a forgone conclusion that the Tech Five are trying to disrupt banking, it is a distinct possibility that these organizations will move past payments and into other components of the banking business.
If you privately ask bank CEOs what their top competitive concern is, they won't mention another bank. They would mention Google or Facebook. It is the Tech Five, not the bitcoin startups, the robo-advisers or mobile-only banks that scare them.
Yes, there is a supply-and-demand issue for data scientists. But banks must battle harder for the talent that tech companies are impressing and shore up their own talent in these two ways:
Commit to compete
Finance is a rich area for research data scientists. Banks need to find the talent that wants to work on their problems and actively engage with them. Already, banks run fintech competitions. But they should also run data science competitions.
These competitions should target students in the more than 100 data science programs that exist at the university level. Once banks have identified the talent most interested in the subject matter, banks need to do whatever it takes to get them onboard. This means paying at the same level that Google and Amazon do, pairing them with mentors in the bank and giving them time to do original research.
Invest at every level
The inverse of aggressively hiring is developing the talent that is already in the bank. Banks can and should nurture data science talent in house that will understand the business, the culture and the math. Put these individuals at the center of the data science effort and give them the exposure and authority within the institution that will keep them there. It will not be long before these data scientists are on the board of the world's largest banks.
The claim that the data scientist is the “sexiest job of the 21st century” is audacious. A century is a long time and the acceleration of change will challenge that assertion. What remains clear, however, is the fact that the next decade will be pivotal for global systemically important banks to make sense of their data as AI irrevocably changes the competitive balance.
ROME, March 31 The Bank of Italy bought 115 billion euros ($123 billion) in domestic government bonds last year as part of the European Central Bank's asset purchase programme, helping push its total assets to a new record.
The bank held assets worth 774 billion euros at the end of last year up from 587 billion euros a year earlier, Bank of Italy Governor Ignazio Visco said on Friday in the text of a speech delivered to shareholders in Rome.
Its domestic government bond holdings totalled 186 billion euros and represented the bulk of overall 245 billion euros in securities it bought as part of the ECB's extraordinary monetary policy measures.
Italy's liabilities under the Target 2 system which settles cross border payments in the euro zone rose by 108 billion euros last year due to Italians investing their savings abroad and domestic banks replacing foreign funding with central bank liquidity, it said.($1 = 0.9353 euros) (Reporting by Valentina Za, editing by Steve Scherer)
Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei said Monday that scientific progress by itself will fail to bring prosperity to a nation but they must be accompanied by supreme spiritual values.
Addressing a meeting with a group of top Iranian students in Tehran on Monday, Ayatollah Khamenei said such a combination could prepare the ground for managing the country's affairs and turning it into a model for the region, the Muslim community and the world at large, IRNA reported.
The Leader underscored the importance of commitment to religious values and the 1979 Islamic Revolution's ideals alongside scientific efforts.
He added the lack of spirituality and divine values is behind the rifts, shortcomings and frailties of the Western civilization despite its great materialistic advances.
Ayatollah Khamenei cited moral, intellectual and practical deviations, the collapse of family institution, increasing violence, moral corruption, suicides in Western societies, particularly in the US, as results of the dearth of spirituality and divine values.
The Leader noted that some American scholars and intellectuals explicitly admit that these immoral acts and afflictions are rampant in their country.
He stated that serious attention to religious and divine ideals and commitment to the values of the Islamic Revolution are necessary for real progress in Iran.
The Leader also pointed to increasing violence and deadly shootings in the United States and stated that murder and the spread of arms use have turned into a “serious problem” in the country.
This problem can be solved through the prohibition of the use of firearms by the citizens of the country, the Leader said.
Ayatollah Khamenei added that American officials, however, do not dare outlaw the use of guns due to the high influence of firearms manufacturing companies inside the country.
PARIS – European Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom and US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross met in Paris on Wednesday to discuss looming US import tariffs on EU steel and aluminium, the European Commission said, but declined to speculate on the final outcome.
US President Donald Trump has imposed tariffs of 25% on incoming steel and 10% on aluminium, but granted the European Union a temporary exemption, which expires on Friday.
Advertisement
The Commission said Malmstrom and Ross had met to discuss the impending exemption expiry.
"We will not speculate on what the final decision from the US side will be. It is now up to the President of the United States to take that decision," a Commission spokesman said.
Advertisement
Malmstrom told the European Parliament on Tuesday that she hoped to secure a permanent exemption, with no tariffs or quotas, but that this was probably an unrealistic hope.
Some viewers loved Bishop's Ronnie Barker tribute... but most were left cold over the reboot.
The BBC's revival of classic sitcom Porridge drew mixed reviews from viewers as the first episode of a new six-part series aired.
The full series follows a one-off remake of the hit 1970s comedy that was broadcast last year, and saw its original writers Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais join forces again to pen the script.
Comic Kevin Bishop returned as Nigel “Fletch” Fletcher, the grandson of Ronnie Barker's beloved character Norman Stanley Fletcher, locked up in Wakeley Prison after committing cyber-crimes in the sequel, set 40 years after the original.
Fletch (Kevin Bishop), Officer Meekie (Mark Bonnar) and Governor Hallwood (Pippa Haywood) in Porridge (BBC Studios)
The episode, titled The Go-Between, saw Fletch helping his fellow inmates with their correspondence and making money from other endeavours, and also bonding with his cellmate Joe Lotterby, played by Dave Hill.
For some viewers, the programme marked a welcome return to the classic and paid homage to both the original series and its leading star Barker.
#KevinBishop doing a decent job of emulating #RonnieBarker Better than expected #porridge — Mark S Adams (@marksadams11) October 6, 2017
One viewer wrote on Twitter: “#KevinBishop doing a decent job of emulating #RonnieBarker Better than expected #porridge.”
Got to say, Kevin Bishop does do a great Impression of Ronnie Barker/Fletcher. #porridge — Antony Kelly (@PhotoAntony) October 6, 2017
Mirroring the sentiment, another said: “Got to say, Kevin Bishop does do a great Impression of Ronnie Barker/Fletcher. #porridge.”
Watching new #Porridge. @IAMKEVBISH does a lovely tribute to Ronnie Barker. And nice to still see some Welsh characters! 😊 — Deborah Jones (@Seren_Hoshi) October 6, 2017
One viewer said Bishop “does a lovely tribute to Ronnie Barker”, while another urged the swell of social media critics to think differently about the programme.
Watching #porridge and seeing it's getting a lot of hate but it's not that bad. Frankly it was always going to get hate no matter what — Jack Lewis (@Jack_L_96) October 6, 2017
They said: “Remember Nigel is Fletchs grandson, this is written by the same people who did the original. It's funny (sic).”
But there was a vast array of negative responses on Twitter to the 30-minute broadcast, with many viewers saying that the sitcom should have been left in the past.
I'd rather eat cold,lumpy, week old #porridge for the rest of my life then watch this rubbish ever again. Never ever remake a classic — Martin Lambert (@BigM89) October 6, 2017
“I'd rather eat cold, lumpy, week old #porridge for the rest of my life then watch this rubbish ever again. Never ever remake a classic,” one viewer declared.
Proof be needed that comedy in the 60's, 70's and 80's was the best…. Why remake this classic? It's a disaster. 😡 #porridge — Stephen JB 😘 (@StevieJB2371) October 6, 2017
Another said they thought it was a “disaster”, and said that it was proof “that comedy in the 60's, 70's and 80's was the best”.
#porridge best not re-heat a classic, that was lazy cheap tv @BBCOne , an insult to the great original series, why all the old jokes? — Rob Spaight (@RobinSpaight) October 6, 2017
It was even dubbed an “insult” to the original series, while one said that the rest of the series should be cancelled.
This. Is. Awful. #porridge Cancel the rest of the series, re-run the classic episodes in their time slot and we can all forget this mishap 🙈 — Futts (@futts87) October 6, 2017
They added that the BBC should “re-run the classic episodes in their time slot and we can all forget this mishap”.
© Press Association 2017
European shares rose on Monday after geopolitical tension had sent them to their worst weekly losses of the year, with a softening currency buoying euro zone firms.
Global stocks also gained and volatility receded as the prospect of war between the US and North Korea appeared to cool. Havens such as gold, US treasuries and the yen fell. Oil retreated. US stock were broadly higher heading into the afternoon.
DUBLIN
The Iseq rose by 1.6 per cent on modest trading volumes, as steady performances from the index's biggest shares kept it firmly in the black.
Ryanair closed the session up 2.34 per cent after a strong performance in the afternoon. The airline was in the market itself buying up shares as part of its ongoing share buyback programme.
Paddy Power Betfair also finished the session well, closing up almost 2.4 per cent after a late flurry of trades. The stock regained some of the ground lost since the shock announcement last week that its well-regarded chief executive Breon Corcoran is leaving.
Dalata Hotel Group announced the sale and leaseback of a hotel in Birmingham, which was well received by analysts. The stock opened on the Iseq down 1.7 per cent, however, before regaining some of that ground to close down 0.5 per cent.
LONDON
The FTSE 100 closed up 43.93 points to 7,353.89, with mining giants helping to push the market higher despite a mixed economic update from China.
Copper miner Glencore was among the biggest risers, lifting 9.9p to 331.9p, while BHP Billiton rose 25p to 1,361p.
Thomson-owner TUI Group was the biggest riser after being handed a broker upgrade from under-perform to neutral by Credit Suisse. Shares climbed 59p to 1,290p.
Outside of the top tier, John Menzies saw its share price jump by more than 1 per cent after a £40 million merger between the firm's distribution arm and DX Group was scrapped. Shares rose 10p to 7130p following a stock market announcement saying it did not believe it could agree terms that would interest John Menzies shareholders.
EUROPE
Across Europe, Germany's Dax was 1.3 per cent higher, and the Cac 40 in France rose 1.2 per cent.
Banks, the worst hit last week, were among the top-gaining sectors, up 1.5 per cent, with Banco de Sabadell, Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank all up 3.1 per cent to 3.6 per cent.
Fiat Chrysler shares jumped more than 8 per cent, leading autos stocks, with a trader citing an Automotive News report saying large Chinese automakers were looking to acquire the Italian company.
Danone shares gained 2.3 per cent after the New York Post newspaper speculated the firm could be a bid target. A spokeswoman declined to comment on the report.
Shares in German energy group RWE rose 1.5 per cent. The firm said 2017 profits would be near the top end of its forecast after first-half results were boosted by better gas plant performance. RWE has led European utilities this year, up more than 60 per cent.
NEW YORK
The gains were broad-based, with the S&P financial sector rising 1.40 per cent and the technology index 1.34 per cent, putting the S&P index on track for its biggest single-day percentage gain in nearly four months.
Tesla rose 1.74 per cent after two brokerages raised their price targets on the stock, citing the potential success of the company's Model 3 saloon.
JD.com, China's second largest e-commerce firm, was off 3.95 per cent after reporting a bigger loss due to higher marketing costs.
Alibaba was up about 1.49 per cent after Dan Loeb's Third Point bought 4.5 million shares in the Chinese e-commerce giant.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,396 to 416. On the Nasdaq, 2,102 issues rose and 676 fell. – Additional reporting: Bloomberg/Reuters/PA
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
- Above is video of Renee Young trying to get answers from SAnitY after they attacked The New Day during the Pancake Eating Contest on last night's WWE SmackDown. When asked why they attacked The New Day, Killian Dain said they are anarchy and Alexander Wolfe said they are disorder.
Eric Young added, "We don't need to explain anything to you. Besides, it's kind of a hard thing to explain... chaos."
- WWE Hall of Famer Barry Windham turns 58 years old today.
- Below is a new promo for Roman Reigns vs. Bobby Lashley at the July 15th WWE Extreme Rules pay-per-view:
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Astrazeneca:
* CEO SAYS SHOULD BE ABLE TO CONTINUE TO GROW IN CHINA AT LOW-20S PERCENTAGE RATE
* CEO SAYS POTENTIAL OF CHINA “ABSOLUTELY GIGANTIC” Further company coverage: (Reporting by UK bureau)
PLANTATION, Fla. - Nine people were hurt after a six-vehicle crash, which shut down most of State Road 7 in Plantation during the middle of rush hour Monday.
A spokesperson for the Plantation Fire Department said the crash happened around 5 p.m. just north of Broward Boulevard. Police advised people to avoid the area.
Officials said the people hurt suffered minor injuries.
This is a developing story. It will be updated.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Faviola Dadis said she was invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002.
An aspiring actress has said Steven Seagal sexually assaulted her during a supposed casting session when she was 17.
Faviola Dadis said at a news conference that she had recently moved to the US from the Netherlands when she was invited to a Beverly Hills hotel room in 2002 to audition for Seagal for a film he planned to make about Genghis Khan.
The 33-year-old former model said only the Hollywood star and his bodyguard were in the room when the actor reached under her bikini top and then grabbed her genitals.
Ms Dadis said she ended the audition and immediately left.
She said she feared being blacklisted if she reported Seagal, and only recently filed a police report.
Los Angeles County prosecutors say they are reviewing the case.
© Press Association 2018
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Grace Hamilton and Michael Hooper at ANZ Stadium to launch the historic fixture.
Grace Hamilton and Michael Hooper at ANZ Stadium to launch the historic fixture.
THE WALLABIES have no plans to play a pre-Bledisloe warm-up game and will rely on an internal possibles-probables clash to prepare them for the All Blacks.
The first Bledisloe Cup clash in Sydney will be a historic evening with Rugby Australia announcing the August 18 match at ANZ Stadium will be preceded by a Wallaroos-Black Ferns Test; the first double-header on Australian soil.
But if more history is to be made this year by Australia winning the first Bledisloe Cup since 2002, the Wallabies realistically must beat the All Blacks in Sydney for the first time since 2015 and then pick up a second win in Auckland or Japan.
Playing the Kiwis first-up at ANZ Stadium as part of a RA deal with the NSW Government has proved tough going.
Last year was particularly brutal when, off a cold start, the Wallabies conceded 40 points in the first half before losing 54-34.
Contrastingly, the All Blacks tune up for the first Bledisloe Cup game in a "game of three halves" against provincial teams, and they will again play Canterbury and Otago on August 10.
Some Wallabies players and assistant coaches saying last year a warm-up game had merit but coach Michael Cheika doesn't share the belief and it's understood the Wallabies will stick with a full-contact, possibles-probables clash at training 11 days out. It is not a full game.
Wallabies captain Michael Hooper said a warm-up game against a Queensland club team pre-Lions series in 2013 was no help because they were too dominant.
"Our players ran through them relatively easily and it doesn't prepare you what you are going to face in the best team in the world," Hooper said.
Kurtley Beale passes the ball at ANZ Stadium last year.
"Can you find a team that's going to give you a really strong hitout, and be able to test your shape? I am not sure, and how you are going to fit that scheduling wise. You have guys who have already played a full season of Super Rugby, with a couple of Tests thrown in the mix there.
"The bodies are good to go. Maybe it is a bit of hard training against each other. I am not sure what the actual formula is."
Based on recent history, the formula for success is clear enough. The Wallabies have shown they have the capacity to beat New Zealand - including last-start in Brisbane - but their five wins over the All Blacks since 2007 have all come when they have played one or more games beforehand.
Asked if something different was needed given the run of losses in Sydney, Hooper pointed to 2014's 12-all draw when many Waratahs players only came in a week before. NSW won the 2014 title, after beating the Brumbies in the finals. Australia lost that series, too.
Hooper refused to be baited on the Folau issue.
The danger of relying on finals action in the current, Kiwi-dominated Super Rugby competition is a majority Australian player may not be play for month prior to the first Bledisloe Cup.
Hooper said the "ideal" situation would be as many Aussie teams playing finals for as long as possible.
After a 0-4 weekend for Aussie teams, pessimism is creeping back but Hooper said Australian rugby shouldn't drop its bundle after one bad round.
"We have to build resilience. One loss doesn't define your season, one loss doesn't mean you're a bad team," he said.
Hooper dead-batted talk of Israel Folau's recent furore, and when asked about Steve Hansen backing TJ Perenara's tweets, the Wallabies captain said: "That's what a coach does."
Hooper denied Wallabies players were scared to speak up on the Folau issue.
"I think there has been quite a bit said and a lot of people have said their part," he said.
"We are talking about getting his hamstring right. I have said my piece on that stuff. He is moving forward to get back on the field."
Mysa, a new tech startup that connects businesses with local freelance workers, is scheduled to launch its platform from central Wisconsin later this fall.
Contact
Jeff Rice
715-592-6983
jeff@mysa.io Jeff Rice715-592-6983
End
-- MYSA.io will connect local, vetted freelancers with businesses with the intention of helping those businesses run smoother and more efficiently, while simultaneously helping freelancers earn fair wages from their home communities. "This is an incredibly exciting project for our whole team," said Mysa founding member Jeff Rice. "We anticipate that this platform could really do a lot to help businesses in small and medium sized communities get the kind of quality assistance that they need to run better. It's often pretty difficult for those businesses in smaller communities to get expert support, so we think our platform will go a long way for those business owners, while helping freelancers find quality work at the same time. It's really a win-win-win situation, for the businesses, the freelancers, and the communities."Mysa is slated to launch their initial limited release in October of this year to freelancers and businesses located in Wisconsin. For more information, or to sign up as a freelance or business platform tester, visit http://www.MYSA.io About Mysa LLC: Mysa.io is an online platform to help connect businesses with high-quality, vetted American freelancers. The company is based in Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that his notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman speaks to media before the 2017 NHL All Star Game skills compeition at Staples Center, in Los Angeles, California, U.S., January 28, 2017. Mandatory Credit: Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports/File Photo
TORONTO With or without the Olympics, the National Hockey League will join the sporting stampede into the coveted China market with the league expected to announce on Thursday preseason games in Beijing and Shanghai.
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman dropped a hint of the league's plans in a recent interview with Reuters when he said: "We will be in (China) on a regular basis before the (2022) Olympics in Beijing."
The NHL's arrival in China looks set for this September with the Los Angeles Kings and Vancouver Canucks reportedly pencilled in to play two preseason games.
There are also plans to stage grassroots programs and for teams to play exhibition games against local Chinese clubs.
With the NHL signalling it is prepared to sit out the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Games the International Olympic Committee has dangled the 2022 Beijing Olympics in front of league officials as the big prize.
Like every other business in the world, China and its 1.3 billion population is a market the NHL is keen to develop but may not need the IOC's help in order to tap into.
"As they say, size matters," said Bettman. "More importantly commitment matters and to the extent there is a prioritisation on the focus of developing hockey in China that's something that gets our attention more than just visiting for a couple of games and disappearing.
"The IOC has alluded to the fact that maybe Korea is the gateway to China, maybe it is, maybe it's not."
Compared to many other leagues and teams the NHL is already late to the party.
Glamour soccer clubs like Barcelona and Manchester United long ago seized on China's potential while the NBA has seen the country develop into its biggest market outside the United States.
Major League Baseball has a huge following in Japan and South Korea and played games in Beijing but has yet to make a huge impact in China market while the National Football League has an office in Shanghai as it looks to bring the sport to the world's most populous country.
With plans to build hundreds of hockey arenas and set up grassroots programs ahead of the 2022 Olympics, the NHL sees China as ready to do the heavy lifting to grow the sport, something Japan did not do before the 1998 Nagano Winter Games.
Bettman worries South Korea may also not have a long-term vision about how to grow the sport, giving the NHL yet another reason not to send its players to Pyeongchang next year.
"Obviously (China) is a place with enormous opportunity particularly because everything we are being told is that there is a commitment to growing winter sports, and in particular hockey, through the development of young players and through the building of rinks," said Bettman.
"Let me give you the other side of it, we went to Japan in '98 in Nagano ... we tried to seed the market in advance of the Olympics with some regular season games and they were sold out and there was interest.
"The day after the Olympic tournament was over in Nagano they ripped the ice plant out of the building."
There is currently no organised league in China and the country languishes in the lower tiers of the International Ice Hockey Federation.
The highest profile hockey is provided by the Beijing Kunlun Red Star which play in the Russian-based Kontinental Hockey League.
In return for building arenas and growing the sport China will get plenty of NHL assistance and expertise in icing a respectable national team in time for the 2022 Winter Games
"Like (Bettman) said China is potentially a big market, the biggest market I would say, if tapped well," Red Star chairman Zhao Xiaoyu told Reuters. "The NHL should come from now, every year until 2022, that way the NHL will contribute a lot to the Winter Games but not only in China but globally.
"The NHL needs to expand its presence in China, in Asia market.
"Ice hockey is getting more and more popular and against the backdrop of 2022 Winter Olympics it is an important push.
"Authorities in China attach a great importance to that."
(Reporting by Steve Keating in Toronto)
Live updates: State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens, prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
Bangued, Abra: A barangay (village) chairman and his live-in partner are fighting for their lives at a hospital in Ilocos Sur after an assassin backriding a motorcycle fired shots at them along the highway in Barangay Casili, Santo Domingo town. Angelito Torricer of Barangay Poro in Magsingal town and his partner Mary Ann Raquel, 35, were also riding a motorcycle when the gunman fired shots from a caliber 45 pistols, based on the spent shells found in the crime scene. Meanwhile, police are looking at jealousy as possible motive in the killing of a pizza parlor manager at Zone 5, Bantay town on Monday. Keith Doon, 29, Shakey's store manager, was reportedly shot inside the pizza branch in Bantay by Leo Ubilas, 32, who barged in and shot the victim pointblank. Doon, of Barangay Poblacion, San Vicente town, while wounded tried to run after Ubilas who fled through the kitchen. Police said Doon's co-workers ganged up on and subdued Ubilas.
High Surf Warning issued December 09 at 9:06PM HST until December 11 at 6:00AM HST by NWS
Our weather team will bring you any urgent weather alerts or updates as they occur. Check our breaking news section for the latest.
**Click directly on the images below to make them larger. Charts include: Maui County high/low forecasted temperatures, projected winds, projected localized weather conditions and expected wave heights.**
+ SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT SWIPE LEFT OR RIGHT
West Side
Today: Isolated showers. Partly cloudy, with a low around 65. Northeast wind 3 to 5 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Isolated showers. Mostly sunny, with a high near 83. Calm wind becoming east northeast 5 to 9 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tomorrow: Mostly clear, with a low around 63. East northeast wind 5 to 9 mph becoming light east.
ADVERTISEMENT
South Side
Today: Partly cloudy, with a low around 62. Calm wind.
Tonight: Scattered showers, mainly after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 83. Calm wind becoming east northeast 5 to 8 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tomorrow: Mostly clear, with a low around 60. East wind 5 to 8 mph.
North Shore
Today: Scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 64. East northeast wind around 7 mph. Chance of precipitation is 40%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tonight: Scattered showers, mainly before noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 81. Northeast wind 6 to 13 mph. Chance of precipitation is 40%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tomorrow: Partly cloudy, with a low around 62. East northeast wind 5 to 13 mph becoming south southeast in the evening.
Central Maui
Today: Isolated showers. Partly cloudy, with a low around 62. North wind around 6 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Scattered showers before noon. Mostly sunny, with a high near 81. North northeast wind 6 to 13 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tomorrow: Mostly clear, with a low around 60. East northeast wind 5 to 10 mph becoming west southwest in the evening.
Upcountry
Today: Mostly clear, with a low around 52. Calm wind.
Tonight: Scattered showers, mainly after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 70. Calm wind becoming east northeast 5 to 9 mph in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tomorrow: Isolated showers before midnight. Partly cloudy, with a low around 50. East wind 5 to 9 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
East Maui
Today: Scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 60. Light north northwest wind. Chance of precipitation is 50%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tonight: Scattered showers. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 79. Light and variable wind becoming east 5 to 10 mph in the morning. Chance of precipitation is 40%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tomorrow: Scattered showers before midnight. Partly cloudy, with a low around 58. East wind 7 to 10 mph becoming west in the evening. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Lanai City
Today: Isolated showers. Partly cloudy, with a low around 63. Northeast wind around 10 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Isolated showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 75. Northeast wind 7 to 9 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tomorrow: Mostly clear, with a low around 63. East wind 3 to 8 mph.
Kaunakakai
Today: Isolated showers. Partly cloudy, with a low around 67. North northeast wind around 7 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Tonight: Scattered showers, mainly before noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 78. Northeast wind 5 to 9 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tomorrow: Mostly clear, with a low around 65. East northeast wind 5 to 9 mph becoming light east.
Synopsis
A weak cold front will continue to advance eastward down the island chain through the overnight hours, then stall and dissipate over the central islands Sunday. Lighter winds will start to turn southerly on Monday ahead of a stronger front, which is expected to cross the state from Tuesday into Wednesday. Breezy north winds will fill in behind the front through Thursday, with unsettled weather possible from Friday into the following weekend.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
NEW DELHI, March 29 India's top court on Wednesday banned the sale of vehicles running on older Euro III fuel technology from April 1, a decision that led to a sharp fall in shares of major automakers sitting on unsold inventories.
Shares of two-wheeler manufacturer Hero MotoCorp fell as much as 4.4 percent, while those of truck manufacturer Ashok Leyland were down as much as 6.6 percent and carmaker Tata Motors' shares dropped nearly 2 percent.
The court, in its judgment, said health concerns of citizens took precedence over any financial losses for companies.
India, in 2015, had said automakers must manufacture only Euro IV-compliant vehicles from April 1, 2017 as they are less polluting, but did not propose banning the sale of older-technology vehicles from the same day.
Currently Euro IV vehicles, locally known as Bharat Stage (BS) IV, are sold in select states, while Euro III vehicles are sold more widely across the country.
There is unsold stock of more than 800,000 BS III-compliant vehicles, mainly two-wheelers, according to the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), a trade body.
"Days before the deadline they said you cannot sell," Vinod Dasari, president of SIAM and managing director of Ashok Leyland, told television channel BTVi, adding that companies will be forced to follow the order.
"I don't think this much inventory can be sold off in the next couple of days," Dasari said. (Reporting by Suchitra Mohanty, writing by Aditi Shah; Editing by Sunil Nair)
April 10 Trimble Inc
* Trimble to offer complete end-to-end ecosystem for forestry supply chain management with acquisition of BOS Forestry
* Trimble Inc - financial terms were not disclosed.
* Trimble Inc says it has acquired Canadian-based BOS Forestry, a provider of collaboration, harvesting, production and lumber sale solutions Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Chongqing Taiji Industry Group plans pharma institute and Chinese patent drug JV in Sichuan
* Says it plans to invest 15.3 million yuan to set up a pharma institute and 6.8 million yuan to set up a Chinese patent drug JV with partners
The Forbidden Facts Regarding Do My Paper Exposed by an Expert
The True Meaning of Do My Paper
You can't whether you are very likely to become requested to spell out something written in your paper or not, therefore it is far better to write just what you know. All of you will need is always to define what really should be at the newspaper. Research newspaper is far harder than every other mission of the identical quantity. If you own a research paper that should be composed, then we have been here to aid you personally. You're going to get your newspaper in because of time, with fantastic articles and at an affordable price tag. Being a way to write a excellent paper, you merely have to concentrate and focus about the appropriate matters. Most valid newspaper composing services are likely to enable a customer to match and decide on the paper writer they will be working with so that a comfortable level can be acquired, through the tradition.
So How About Do My Paper?
In order to perform college , it's imperative for each pupil to clear every single training program. Students having a writing service need to become conscious of a couple things before selecting any agency. Furthermore, you truly don't want student to envision through most of the various Paper 1s, they won't have sufficient moment! Pupils who understand the very simple reasoning supporting some category however don't possess the full time and energy to generate an analysis report or dissertation can use a draft custom to finish the task effortlessly.
The Tried and True Method for Do My Paper in Step by Step Detail
Whenever you obtain an essay from us, you're guaranteed to relish individual approach because composition help supplied by our authors is always customized based on your requirements. If you're struggling to compose an essay, it will be possible to either place an order for a fresh informative article of work with the subject of your pick or you may write it yourself after which order a re-write or tutoring services. The best way into this perfect essay is by WritePaperFor.Me. If you really don't discover how to successfully begin your essay or where to hunt for encouraging information, then we'll be delighted to aid you. For this reason, it really is critical that you develop your essay writing skills as well as your potential to examine signs in regard for the question asked. Hence, in case you believe banking essays really are boring just like your own organization documents are, then you are probably incorrect. Banking essays could be true fun to play if you've got an exhaustive understanding of the subject and possess keen interest on paper, therefore should you consider you can not produce decent banking essays than again you're confused.
Now with electronic marking, it is more easy to exchange essays and request advice. Maybe that you don't actually demand somebody to compose your essay whatsoever, however only require the surplus assurance of having it proof edited or read. Take your restroom break once you finish a composition not at the center of a in the event you are able to help it.
The One Thing to Do for Do My Paper
Now you have a essay master superb chance to know from a number of the maximum authors out there http://cs.gmu.edu/~zduric/day/example-of-a-thesis-driven-essay.html there and version your upcoming composition accordingly. Additionally, through the duration of the information you will find many clinic question chances and technical techniques for answering Paper 1-style concerns. Certainly not, there are several chances that you don't match wanting to dig from the heap of novels from the library as ways to supervise your assignments, which only upsurge in quantity.
What to Expect From Do My Paper?
You may get in touch by means of your writer by means of our service section should you will need to specify some critical points to create your work longer customized. Our authors are impressed to check always at an all-inclusive watch pay to write paper document research that aligns with pieces of paper information to provide you with probably the most proper question cover a professional purchase term newspapers around the world wide web to compose your paper. It must be clear that there's a standard English speaking writer who's definitely going to compose the paper from scratch.
Our writers pass out a significant process to check at their own abilities. Because of the, and being a consequence of they're completing our clients' requests, all them comes with a ranking. At the event you forgot something, talk into the writer who's tackling your essay and create adjustments. It's possible to always reach out to a writer to offer more info or ask advice regarding the sequence's progress. The minute the writer is appointed, they start off working in your own essay dependent on the requirements you might have given in essay writer cheap your purchase. Our proficient authors can manage nearly every kind of writing mission, along with q and Profession troubles and a lot more. Choosing on the web essay authors isn't a nightmare ahead.
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
March 28 Wolseley Plc
* Results for the half year ended 31 January 2017
* Interim dividend up 10.2 percent to 36.67 pence per share
* H1 revenue 8,461 million stg versus 6,795 million stg year ago
* HY trading profit 515 million stg versus 412 million stg year ago
* HY US revenue growth of 9.9% at constant exchange rates.
* In US, residential and commercial markets remained good and industrial markets improved but were still negative - ceo
* UK transformation programme has started well, making good progress clarifying our customer propositions, simplifying our logistics network
* Concluded our review of nordic operating strategy and identified a clear and executable plan to return business to profitable growth
* Whilst group will be known as ferguson plc going forward we will continue to use wolseley name in uk and canada
* Like-For-Like revenue growth since end of period has been about 4.5 per cent for group and 5.5 per cent in USA
* Expect group to make further progress in second half Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NEW YORK, March 29 Trading volume for emerging market debt rose 9 percent last year to $5.167 trillion, according to a survey of 45 leading investment and commercial banks in 90 emerging market countries.
The survey from EMTA, the emerging markets debt trading and investment industry trade association, found that debt trading volume fell in the fourth quarter of 2016 to $1.132 trillion.
That number was down 18 percent from trading during the third quarter of 2016 and 2 percent lower than trading in the fourth quarter of 2015.
EMTA said that emerging markets debt trading volume in 2015 was the lowest recorded since 2009.
The growth in 2016 was the result of "strong inflows, volatility related to global political events (Brexit, U.S. elections), and idiosyncratic market developments within emerging markets," Hongtao Jiang, head of emerging market credit strategy at Deutsche Bank, said in a statement with the release.
He also noted that India and Argentina were the largest contributors to idiosyncratic country risk.
"However, this masks a multi-year declining trend in trading volumes as 2016 total turnover remains substantially lower than 2013 and 2014 levels," he said, "reflecting the impact of tighter regulation across banks on their ability in providing liquidity." (Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Grant McCool)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
(Repeats for wider distribution)
By Edward Taylor and Paul Lienert
FRANKFURT/DETROIT, April 13 The race to develop and exploit autonomous vehicle technology is reshaping the hierarchy of the automotive industry, replacing traditional top-down manufacturing relationships with complex webs of alliances and acquisitions.
Dealmaking in the automotive and technology industry is driven by the rapid transition of self-driving vehicles from research projects to major elements of near-term product plans at several of the world's biggest automakers.
That shift is behind deals like one announced last week between Robert Bosch and Daimler AG's Mercedes. Bosch and Mercedes said they will collaborate on development of self-driving vehicles, with Bosch in a broad role as a systems integrator — sort of copilot with the automaker in speeding up deployment of self-driving vehicles. Bosch also expects to sell the jointly developed systems to other companies.
Separately, Silicon Valley chipmaker Intel Corp acquired automotive vision technology leader Mobileye NV , and has a deal to help German luxury carmaker BMW AG develop autonomous vehicles around Intel and Mobileye systems.
The first fully self-driving cars are expected to go into production by 2020-2021. Analysts have said self-driving cars will not be in wide use before 2030.
"Everybody is trying to understand what skill sets are required to be first in the game (and) if they don't have it, they're going to partner, invest or purchase,” said Xavier Mosquet, a senior partner at Boston Consulting Group and an authority on autonomous vehicles.
Major auto companies are rich in engineers schooled in the physics of combustion and collisions, materials science and mechanical systems. The development of self-driving cars demands experts in artificial intelligence, robotics, computer programming and digital networks who work mainly outside the auto industry.
Automakers are following different paths to acquire engineering talent. Some are relying on partnerships like the Bosch-Mercedes pact. Others such as General Motors Co are going it alone, buying self-driving vehicle startups and building technology in-house.
Alphabet Inc's Waymo and auto supplier Delphi Automotive Plc are offering turn-key systems to companies such as Fiat Chrysler Automobiles that are choosing not to invest in their own autonomous driving systems.
COPILOT APPROACH
Some of the car companies and large suppliers could wind up as competitors. BMW has said it wants to sell its self-driving systems to other manufacturers, as does Delphi, which is developing a system of its own. Intel and Mobileye are partners in both ventures.
The Dutch provider of high-definition maps, HERE, has taken a position at the center for several supplier webs. HERE is jointly owned by Daimler, BMW, and Volkswagen AG's Audi. Intel owns a minority stake in HERE, and rival chipmaker Nvidia Corp has a partnership deal.
Nvidia itself wants to be a provider of powerful computer chips and “deep learning” software for self-driving cars to a broad array of customers, including rivals such as Mercedes and Tesla Inc, competing mega-suppliers such as Bosch and ZF Friedrichshafen AG and Chinese tech companies Baidu Inc and Tencent Holdings Ltd (For a graphic on self-driving vehicles see: tmsnrt.rs/2nYv7gc)
The vehicle manufacturers are divided on how much self-driving development and integration to farm out to the parts makers, or whether to keep most of that in-house - as they have done for decades with much of their core engine technology.
“At the moment, the carmaker is at an advantage since it knows how the components all fit together," said Mercedes executive Christoph von Hugo.
BCG's Mosquet believes the industry may not settle on a single template for collaboration, given the complexity of autonomous vehicles and their underlying technology.
"These different approaches will have to pass the test of time," he said. “In two or three years, we will see who has been successful with which approach.”
(Reporting by Edward Taylor in Frankfurt and Paul Lienert in Detroit; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
April 13 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd
* CALC (BVI), and Airbus entered into aircraft purchase agreement
* CALC (BVI) agreed to purchase one airbus aircraft from Airbus
* Aggregate list price for airbus aircraft is approximately us$99 million
* Consideration will be funded through commercial bank loans Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON, April 3 (IFR) - Anglo American is marketing a US dollar dual-tranche benchmark deal, according to a lead bank.
The mining group is looking to sell a US dollar-denominated benchmark five-year deal at 4.25-4.375%, and a US dollar-denominated benchmark 10-year deal at 5.125-5.25%.
Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and UBS are active bookrunners.
BMO, Mizuho, Santander and SMBC are passive bookrunners.
The mining company, rated Ba1/BB+, held investor calls for a US dollar and/or euro-denominated bond in March prior to announcing today's trade. (Reporting By Laura Benitez, editing by Helene Durand)
Share This: E3 2017: Sony Offers A Fresh Look At Its Most Anticipated Games Jon
While Microsoft and Nintendo were pretty generous with the new announcements at this year's E3, Sony's presentation covered more familiar territory. Intriguing new VR games like Bravo Team, The Inpatient, Monster of the Deep, Moss, Skyrim, and Star Child were briefly glimpsed in a highlight reel, but far more time was devoted to the games that Sony announced at last year's E3, including Days Gone, Detroit: Become Human, God of War, Horizon Zero Dawn, and Spider-Man.
Still, new clips and details went a long toward increasing anticipation for these releases. Among the many games Sony fleshed-out, here are some of the highlights:
Days Gone
Finding unlikely hope in the wake of a global pandemic, Days Gone revolves around Deacon St. John, “a Drifter and bounty hunter who rides the broken road, fighting to survive while searching for a reason to live.”
Detroit: Become Human
Quantic Dream's latest lengthy look at their upcoming neo-noir thriller showcases a new character named Markus, an android who happens to be one of several playable characters we've already met (that would be Kara and Connor).
Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds DLC
Expanding on the popular Horizon Zero Dawn, The Frozen Wilds offers a variety of new characters, experiences, storylines, and locations. “Beyond the northern mountains, the borderlands of the Banuk tribe challenge all who dare enter to survive the extremes,” but “this frozen wilderness harbours a new threat, and for Aloy, a new mystery.”
God of War
God of War is arriving in early 2018, but we haven't seen a new glimpse of this game since last year's E3—until now. Described as “a new beginning for one of gaming's most recognizable icons,” God of War finds Kratos and his new son Atreus venturing into “the brutal Norse wilds” on “a deeply personal quest.”
Marvel's Spider-Man
Tapping into the influence of the Arkham games, Marvel's Spider-Man gives you a chance to participate in some impressive cinematic set pieces, while practicing your parkour. Rather than focus on the youthful protagonist of the upcoming Spider-Man movie, this game revolves around “an experienced Peter Parker who's more masterful at fighting big crime in New York City.”
Uncharted: Lost Legacy
In stores August 22, Uncharted: Lost Legacy is the latest entry in Naughty Dog's signature series. “In order to find an ancient Indian artifact, Chloe Frazer and Nadine Ross must venture deep into the Western Ghats mountains, discover the lost cities of the Hoysala Empire, and face a ruthless warmonger, Asav.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There wasn't much to see as Republic of Ireland's U21s welcomed Norway U21s to Dublin for a Euro U21 qualifier last night.
Both defences were on top in the 0-0 draw at the Tallaght Stadium, though West Brom defender Shaun Donnellan in particular stood out at the back for the Boys in Green.
Donnellan, still only 20, is currently earning valuable game time out on loan at Walsall - alongside fellow prospect Tyler Roberts - and has made seven appearances this season for the Saddlers, starting six of them.
And he appears to be seizing his chance on the international stage too, after being called up by Ireland for whom he qualifies through his father's family.
With the threat of Real Madrid wonderkid Martin Odegaard bearing down on goal and about to pull the trigger, Donnellan came to the aid of his side with a crunching challenge in front of the onlooking Martin O'Neill and Roy Keane.
Nothing like a tackle that gets the ball and the man!
May 3 American Water Works Company Inc:
* American Water reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.52 from continuing operations
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.52 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* American Water Works Company Inc - company affirms 2017 earnings guidance from continuing operations of $2.98 to $3.08 per diluted share
* Increases quarterly dividend by 10.7 percent to $0.415per share
* American Water Works Company Inc - increased quarterly dividend by approximately 10.7 percent to 41.5 cents per diluted common share
* American Water Works Company Inc - qtrly operating revenues $ 756 million versus $ 743 million
* Q2 revenue view $867.3 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.04 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* American water works company inc - american water plans to invest about $1.5 billion across its footprint in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Let us entertain you! We use cookies to ensure we can continue to deliver a personalised service, just for you. This is why we and our trusted Commerce Partners use 'cookies' to remember and store information about how you use our site.
If you would like to find out more, please read our updated Cookies Policy. You can also find more information in our updated Privacy Policy.
TIMMINS -
The Timmins Majors' hopes of finishing fourth in the GNML's Major Division standings will come down to one final game.
If the Majors beat, tie or lose to the Nickel Capital Wolves in overtime or a shootout on Sunday, fourth place is theirs and they will have home-ice advantage for their playoff series against the Greyhounds.
If they lose in regulation, however, then they will open the GNML playoffs on the road in Sault Ste. Marie.
All of the drama could have been avoided, however, if they had managed to beat, tie or lose to the GNML-leading North Bay Trappers in overtime or a shootout Friday night or Saturday afternoon.
But after dropping a 5-2 loss to visitors at the McIntyre Arena Friday night, the Majors blew an excellent opportunity to secure the single point they needed Saturday afternoon and had to settle for a 7-5 loss.
Trailing the contest 4-2 after two periods of play, the Majors showed a lot of heart to battle back with a pair of goals in the first three minutes of the third period to knot things up at 4-4.
Dryden Rivet, with his ninth goal of the season, had the first of those two markers at the 1:34 mark and Kobe Barrette followed with a power-play marker, his 12th goal of the campaign, just over a minute later.
The elation felt by Majors fans was quickly dissipated, however, when Bailey Chenier scored his seventh goal of the season less than two minutes later.
Again the Majors were able to rally and tie things up at 5-5, with Cameron Chisholm scoring his 10th goal of the season just over a minute later.
Even after defenceman Dylan Bond scored a power-play marker, his third goal of the season, fans held out hope the Majors would once again battle back.
Those hopes were pretty much dashed, however, when Cole Craft scored his 20th goal of the season with less than six-and-a-half minutes remaining in regulation to increase the Trappers' advantage to 7-5.
And a steady parade of Majors to the penalty box in the game's final five minutes stamped out any embers of hope which may have remained.
It also resulted in Majors coach Brandon Perry being tossed from the contest with 38 seconds remaining for verbal abuse of the officials.
Things didn't start out much better than they finished for the Majors, as they fell behind 2-0 in the game's first 10 minutes — thanks to a pair of Matt Hardwick goals, his 21st and 22nd of the season, the second of which was a power-play marker.
Defenceman Cameron Dutkiewicz finally got the Majors on the scoreboard 40 seconds later, when he scored his ninth goal of the season, with the home side on the power play.
Ian Denomme's 12th goal of the season, midway through the second period, restored the Trappers' two-goal advantage.
Riley Brousseau's unassisted marker, his 13th goal of the season, pulled the Majors back to within a single goal four-and-a-half minutes remaining in the frame, but the Trappers regained their two-goal lead a minute-and-a-half later on a Jacob Peterson Galema power-play marker, his 12th goal of the season.
That set the stage for all the third-period drama to follow.
Joel Rainville went the distance in net for the Trappers to pick up his 18th win of the season.
Dylan Dallaire was between the pipes for the Majors and he was tagged with the loss.
TRAPPERS 5 MAJORS 2
Craft set up three goals Friday night as the Trappers dumped the Majors 5-2 at the McIntyre Arena.
The visitors broke the game open with a pair of unanswered third-period markers, as they skated to their 28th victory on the season.
The Majors got off to a good start Friday night.
Chisholm's ninth goal of the season, a power-play marker, gave the home side a 1-0 lead at the 5:43 mark of the opening period.
The Trappers tied things up six-and-a-half minutes later, however, when Hunter Foreshew netted his 17th goal of the season.
North Bay then took a 2-1 lead early in the second period on Bond's second goal of the season.
Defenceman Cameron Svec knotted things up at 2-2 just over two minutes later when he scored his third goal of the season, a power-play marker.
The Trappers were able to retake the lead before the end of the frame, however, when Denomme scored his 11th goal of the season.
Goals by Nick Hakala, his 10th of the season, and Sam Garagan, his 10th of the campaign, increase the Trappers advantage in the third period and made the final 5-2 in favour of the visitors.
Rainville went the distance in net to earn his 17th win on the season for the Trappers, while Dallaire was between the pipes for the Majors and was tagged with the loss.
Sunday's GNML regular-season finale for the Majors will see them entertain the Wolves, starting at 1:30 p.m.
OTTAWA May 2 Strong commodity prices mean the value of Canadian goods exports will jump 6 percent in 2017 after a drop last year, Canada's export credit agency said on Tuesday, playing down possible disruption to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).
In its semi-annual forecast, Export Development Canada predicted exporters should benefit this year from a stronger U.S. economy and a weak Canadian dollar. Canada sends 75 percent of all goods exports to the United States.
Those exports shrank by 2.6 percent in 2016, pulled down in part by lower prices for a wide range of goods, including a 17.1 percent drop in energy.
"A main driver of export growth this year will be energy, with exports growing by an incredible 18 percent after a very weak 2016," said the forecast.
Overall services exports should increase by 5 percent, slightly more than the 4.8 percent advance seen in 2016.
Canada's export sector could be hit hard if U.S. President Donald Trump carries out a threat to withdraw from the NAFTA pact with Canada and Mexico.
Washington last week slapped tariffs on Canadian lumber exports and expressed unhappiness with what it calls unfair trading practices by Canada's dairy farmers. Neither the dairy nor the lumber sectors are covered by NAFTA.
Export Development Canada chief economist Peter Hall said he was not overly worried by the potential for major changes to NAFTA, saying that while the administration was focusing on individual sectors, he saw little evidence of a real sustained desire to harm the bilateral trading relationship.
"Any time there is (a suggestion) that is going for the architecture of trade, that would actually inflict a lot of pain not just on those it's aimed at but the domestic U.S. economy, there are repeated U-turns from those positions," he said.
One example was the debate in Washington over imposing border tariffs, he added.
Last week, Trump said he pulled back from killing the 23-year-old trade pact with Canada and Mexico after requests from the two countries' leaders and expressed optimism about winning better U.S. terms in a renegotiated deal. (Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Education ERP software tailored for colleges & universities, Creatrix Campus is a leading solution provider for learning management, scheduling, assessment management, and accreditation in today's competitive education market.
Creatrix Campus Education Process
Contact
Sriram S
+1-210-877-2946
sriram@anubavam.com Sriram S+1-210-877-2946
End
-- Creatrix Campus, a leading provider of ERP software solutions for the higher education industry, has announced the release of the academic software suite. This cloud-based software application provides colleges and universities with a compelling new option for learning management, scheduling, assessment management, and accreditation in today's competitive education market.Creatrix Campus sets a new benchmark for performance and innovation in education ERP software tailored for higher education. Creatrix's ERP software simplifies and streamlines the entire academic and administrative processes from recruitment and enrolment to graduation and career advancement. Creatrix Campus ERP integrates recruitment, scheduling, academics, assessments, and accreditation into a single, elegant and secure cloud-based solution. This fully-integrated enterprise software suite was built from the ground up to give higher education institutions the most powerful solution available to meet challenging requirements of learning outcomes and stringent compliance standards.Creatrix Campus delivers unprecedented visibility into critical institutional performance data through custom dashboards and reports, where educators will discover new opportunities to increase enrolment and student success. Creatrix Campus provides out-of-the-box features that growing institutes need while being easy to use and easy to implement. And with real-time insights, educators can make better informed decisions.And with a platform that utilizes true cloud technology, institutions, and its constituents will have access to the application wherever they are, and on any mobile device.For more information on Creatrix Campus, please visitCreatrix Campus is a flagship product of Anubavam LLC, headquartered in San Antonio, Texas with branches across South Africa, UAE and India. With their innovative approach to education, Creatrix Campus platform helps small, medium and large sized colleges and higher education institutions to better align their core academic and administrative processes with technology, and help plan, implement, manage and maintain their IT infrastructure, leading to enhanced learning outcomes and ability to compete in today's market.Sriram S.Education Consultantinfo@creatrixcampus.com+1-210-877-2946
Automotive NVH materials are called as automotive Noise, Vibration and harshness (NVH) materials which are used to reduced or control the sound and vibration of the vehicles particularly cars and trucks. Interior NVH is the noise and vibration experienced by occupants whereas exterior NVH is concerned with the noise radiated by vehicle. The increase in demand to reduce the noise and vibration in order provide comfort to user and government initiative to make safer and quieter vehicles followed by rise in sales of automotive vehicles drives the demand for automotive NVH materials market.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/automotive-nvh-materials-market.html
Automotive NVH Materials Market: Segmentation
Based on materials type, automotive NVH materials can be segmented into rubbers, engineering resins, molded foam and others. Rubbers type accounted for major share of the NVH market and is likely to remain the dominant material type during the forecast period. Rubber based materials are easy to manufacturer and easily replaceable. Also they provide ideal noise insulation and vibration damping. Rubbers have high density due to which they are widely accepted as sound absorbing material in automotive industry.
Based on vehicle type, automotive NVH materials are segmented into passenger cars, Light Commercial Vehicles (LCV) and Heavy Commercial Vehicles (HCV).Passenger cars accounted for prominent share in the NVH materials market and likely to remain the dominant market during the forecast period. Change in lifestyle and increase in middle class income coupled with supporting financial schemes for purchasing cars have contributed the increase in sales of passenger cars especially in developing countries. All these factors has fueled the demand for automotive NVH materials. Also increase in use of electric and hybrid cars in near future due to environmental regulations is also anticipated to drive the demand for automotive NVH materials during the forecast period.
Based on application, automotive NVH materials can be segmented into absorption and insulation. Demand for absorption segment contributed major market for automotive NVH materials in 2016 and likely to remain the dominant market during the forecast period. Absorption in automotive is related to sound and vibration absorption. Automotive manufacturers are designing vehicles in order to give customer comfort and smooth ride. Hence, they are increasing the use of sound and vibration absorption materials in the passenger cars and also in LCV and HCV.
Automotive NVH Materials Market: Region-wise Outlook
Based on region, the automotive NVH materials market can be segregated into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. In terms of consumption, Asia Pacific held major share of the automotive NVH materials market in 2016. It is likely to remain the dominant region during the forecast period. Asia Pacific is largest producing and consuming region in automotive. Countries such as China, India and Japan are considered as global automotive hub with presence of large number of automotive and auto component manufacturers. All these are major factors which are anticipated to drive the demand for automotive NVH materials during forecast period. After Asia Pacific, North America is anticipated to held major share during the forecast period. Reviving automotive industry in U.S. and increase in preference towards hybrid cars and electric cars are the major factors which are contributed to drive the NVH materials market in North America. Europe region is also anticipated to grow at moderate rate compared to other regions, whereas Middle East & Africa and Latin America are expected sluggish growth rate owing to political instability in some of the leading countries in these regions
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42716
Automotive NVH Materials Market: Key Players
The automotive NVH materials market is fragmented with presence of a large number of manufacturers. Prominent manufacturers of NVH materials includes 3M Company, BASF SE, Borgers AG, The Dow Chemical Company, Mitsui Chemicals Inc. and many others at regional level.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF)An Augusta Commissioner says more talk is needed when it comes to a a new arena at Regency Mall
As we first reported yesterday the owners of regency were in town, meeting with Mayor Davis and only two commission.
members
Commissioner Marion Williams says he wasn't invited to any meeting, maybe because two weeks ago he wanted to talk about using condemnation as a way for the city to take over the mall property.
“When I put on the agenda about condemnation I put that on there to hopefully spark a conversation let the owners know we do have another tool we can use and to be fair with the city of Augusta who has been more than fair with him for the length of time we've allowed that building to sit there like that we need to get serious about it and have a serious discussion,” said Commissioner Williams.
Commissioner Dennis Williams who was also not invited to the meting says it's reasonable that all members should have sat in on the meeting with an issue this important, instead of having to rely on second hand information.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ahmed Elmohamady jetted off on international duty today alongside man-of-the-moment Mo Salah.
The Villa ace flew out to Portugal in preparation for Egypt's friendly on Friday night.
Elmohamady will be part of the World Cup squad and the forthcoming friendlies against Portugal (Friday) and Greece (next Tuesday) will help the group prepare for the finals.
He posted a picture on Instagram alongside the Liverpool ace, Salah, who took his goal tally to 36 at the weekend.
Salah is in fine form this season and looks set to win the Premier League golden boot after his four strikes at the weekend took him to 28 goals for the campaign.
The striker also scored a stoppage-time penalty for his country to help them quality for the World Cup in Russia.
Elmohamady spoke about his excitement ahead of the tournament earlier this season but insisted that winning promotion back to the Premier League with Villa was his first concern.
"I had two aims at the start of the season - to win promotion and to get to the World Cup," he said.
Tshibola latest
Aston Villa loanee Aaron Tshibola played a part as Kilmarnock pulled off a very impressive victory at Rangers on Saturday.
The midfielder was reunited with Steve Clarke upon joining Killie on loan for the season, and the Ayshire club have been in sparkling form.
They've lost just once in their last 15 games, sit fifth in the table and have taken seven points off the Gers in three matches against them this season.
Tshibola, who endured a rather unsuccessful time at MK Dons in the first half of the campaign, appears to have found his feet in a thriving Killie side who are secure in the top half of the SPL table.
Veteran Kris Boyd, who has now scored a remarkable 20 goals this season, bagged the winner against his old club on Saturday, tapping home a rebound from a Youssouf Mulumbu shot.
Tshibola, 23, has made nine appearances for Killie, scoring once.
After the game, he posted on Instagram: “Unbelievable win away at rangers, what a feeling. Great team work. wouldn't be possible without you supporters @krisboyd.9 flames #Upthekillie #godiswonderful #Praisegod
Bouncing back
John Terry insists Aston Villa will bounce back from their 'disappointing' defeats against Bolton and QPR, and admits the promotion push is still on.
The skipper was frustrated to lose ground on the top two as Villa slumped to back-to-back losses at bottom-half opponents.
With Cardiff's game at Derby County postponed due to adverse weather conditions, the gap between Villa and second-place remains seven points.
Time is running out and leaders Wolves are now out of touch with a 13-point advantage but Terry isn't giving up.
"After a great run, the last two results have been really disappointing," he said on Instagram.
"Unbelievable support yet again from the 4,324 supporters that travelled to Bolton in horrendous conditions to support the boys.
"I know we will bounce back from this and push for promotion which has always been our aim from day one."
More Villa news
“We've lost more games in five days than we have previously in three months," said Steve Bruce - and he's right, writes Gregg Evans.
Well almost.
Two back to back defeats at home to Queens Park Rangers and away at Bolton Wanderers have damaged Villa's push for automatic promotion.
Prior to these five days from hell, Villa had only lost once since the Boxing Day setback at Brentford - almost three months ago - and that was a loss at Fulham last month.
All of which points to the fact that Bruce's team have picked the worst possible time to stutter.
Bruce is refusing to give up on the push for automatic promotion but admits a five-day horror-show has left Wolves and Cardiff City firmly in the driving seat.
Defeat at Bolton saw Aston Villa lose further ground on the leaders while Cardiff City can extend their lead in second place to ten points with victory at Derby County on Sunday.
But experienced Bruce is refusing to be too downbeat despite labelling this week as disastrous.
“We've had a horrible five days," he said.
“We'll have to recover, still eight games to go, still all to play for, but we've certainly given the initiative to the others.
“In my experience, there's still a few twists and turns.
“April is huge - that's the defining month.”
Asked specifically if he feels the automatic promotion race is still on, Bruce said: “Well, look we've lost two in three days and other teams are capable of that.
“As I've said repeatedly, we need to win our games and we haven't.
“We've had a wonderful opportunity against QPR and Bolton - no disrespect to either of them - but we haven't taken anything from either of them.
“In that respect we deserve to be where we are.”
Bruce blamed the weather conditions for Villa's wobble here.
He felt that Bolton handled the occasion better than his side and claimed his troops were unable to play their own game as the snow battered down on the surface and the wind ripped around the arena.
“It was very difficult," he continued. “When it's like that it becomes a real leveller.
“They put it forward and played very simply.
“It ended up one of those frustrating nights where we're all hugely disappointed.
“The goal was soft, but they adapted to the conditions better.
“Our wide players couldn't run with the ball and we couldn't play our football.
“But I don't want to make excuses. We weren't good enough, even though we had very decent opportunities through Hogan, Grabban and late on (with Bree) when the goalkeeper made a great save."
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike.
BARRIE -
Bitter tears flowed in court Tuesday when a mother and father learned that the man who stabbed their 16-year-old son to death on Father's Day in 2007 will now become eligible for parole at an earlier date.
“The pain is still so deep and raw ... it doesn't go away,” mom Liz Hoage told a sentencing hearing as she wiped away tears.
Seven years ago, Joseph Nicholson, of Barrie, was sentenced to life in prison for stabbing her son, Joey Tanner, of Hamilton, three times in the back in June 2007 and for the attempted murder of his friend, Jeremy Rodgers, 17, of Alliston, who suffered a knife wound to the chest and almost died in the same attack.
The jury, which convicted Nicholson, spent five days deliberating before rendering a verdict of first-degree murder which carries a mandatory life sentence with no parole for 25 years.
However, the Ontario Court of Appeal recently shot down the verdict and ordered Nicholson to be sentenced for second-degree murder instead, stating the trial judge did not adequately instruct the jury. Second-degree murder carries a mandatory life sentence with no parole for a period of 10 to 25 years.
“These were vicious, violent, stab wounds,” said Crown attorney Ray Williams, who is asking for Nicholson's new parole eligibility to be set at 16 years.
Tanner and his teenage buddies had been drinking and snorting cocaine as they lingered outside a Barrie apartment building and taunted the young men inside to come out and fight. Inside the apartment, where there was no food in the cupboards, a teenaged single mom on welfare drank with her friends and passed around a platter of cocaine with a straw.
With a flick knife in his hand, Nicholson looked out the window and said “Let's go,” then “bull rushed” out the door toward his victims, who only expected a fist fight.
Within seconds he jabbed his victims with such force his knife penetrated bone, lung, liver and spleen.
As he lay yelping in pain on the ground, dying, blood spilling from his wounds, Tanner cried out for his mom.
Nicholson later smirked and told his friends, “I guess I got a body under my belt now,” court heard.
Williams noted the killer has a criminal record for violent offences and while in prison was caught with a shank and has been in multiple fights. “He is a tornado of violence,” Williams said.
Court heard how Nicholson was passed around to foster homes and that his own mother used to overdose him with Ritalin medication when he was a toddler so she wouldn't have to deal with him.
In court, Joey's father, Bill Tanner, suddenly rose, jabbed a finger at Nicholson in the prisoner's box and yelled: “You look me up when you get out, buddy.” He then rushed out of court.
Nicholson stood and apologized to the grieving mother and asked the judge for a chance.
“Your son did not deserve to die,” he said. “I'm sorry ... I want to rehabilitate myself.”
Outside of court, the family said the Court of Appeal decision has caused them to rehash the pain.
“There are more rights for the killers than for the victims,” said the mother.
Justice Guy Di Tomaso will impose a sentence Aug. 11.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Amazon will block Australia-based customers trying to buy products on its overseas sites when the GST is applied to all imported e-commerce items in July.
Source: 1 NEWS
From July 1, Amazon will redirect local shoppers trying to visit the likes of Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk to its much smaller Australian site, thwarting those who enjoy the lower prices offered abroad.
The move is a response to the government's decision to slap the 10 per cent goods and services tax on all items bought from overseas sites and shipped to Australia, rather than just those worth more than $1,000 as at present.
Without blocking the overseas orders, Amazon would have had to cut its already thin margins or pass on the charge to customers.
"While we regret any inconvenience this may cause customers, we have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites," an Amazon spokesman said in a statement today.
The move may help drive traffic to Amazon's Australian website, which has drawn criticism for a thin product range and uncompetitive prices since it began taking orders in December.
However, it may also boost sales for Australian retailers, including traditional bricks-and-mortar stores hurt by the rise of online shopping.
Retail stocks on the ASX rose following Amazon's announcement.
At 1422 AEST, shares in local e-commerce site Kogan.com were up 11 cents, or 1.2 per cent, at $9.18, while shares of electronics retailers JB Hi-Fi and Harvey Norman were up about 2.3 per cent and 1.0 per cent, respectively.
Some 4.6 million Australians visited Amazon's US site in November 2017, the month before its Australian website went live, according to consumer metrics company Nielsen.
U.S. athletics officials want to study the ramifications of a controversial European proposal that would lead to the rewriting of world records, given it would also affect those that have never failed doping tests.
Under the proposal endorsed by the European Athletics Council earlier this week, any athlete breaking a record would have had to been drug-tested multiple times in the lead-up to the record. A sample taken afterwards also would have to be available for re-testing for 10 years.
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), the world governing body, did not start storing blood and urine samples until 2005, meaning records set before then could potentially be at risk.
"Any action pertaining to records, from 'retirement' of records to changing criteria for the record books, has the potential to affect records that are clean as well as those that are tainted," USA Track & Field (USATF) spokeswoman Jill Geer said in a statement to Reuters on Tuesday.
"There is no perfect solution, just as there is no perfect anti-doping system."
The proposal could potentially see British marathoner Paula Radcliffe, a vocal critic of drug use in athletics, and triple jumper Jonathan Edwards lose their records since performances not meeting the proposed guidelines would no longer be officially sanctioned but would remain on the "all-time list".
Radcliffe, whose mark was set in 2003, has branded the proposal "cowardly".
"I am hurt and do feel this damages my reputation and dignity," she said in a statement on Twitter.
Mike Powell's 1991 long jump mark and ­Hichman El Guerrouj's 1500m record from 1998 also would be under threat.
There is no suggestion that any took drugs.
The IAAF is expected to discuss the idea at its August council meeting and Geer said they would also talk about the proposal with their athletes and other athletics bodies.
"USATF will vet the matter with our athletes, fellow federations and the IAAF," Geer added.
"Ultimately, it is a matter for the IAAF family to examine and determine what is best for the integrity of the past, present and future of the sport on a global level."
(Reporting by Gene Cherry in Raleigh, North Carolina; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
May 2 CVS Health Corp:
* CVS Health reports first quarter results; confirms 2017 eps guidance
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.17
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.92 from continuing operations
* Q1 revenue $44.5 billion versus I/B/E/S view $44.2 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.10 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees Q2 2017 adjusted earnings per share $1.29 to $1.33
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $5.77 to $5.93
* Says front store same store sales declined 4.9pct in three months ended March 31, 2017
* Says company confirmed its previous EPS and cash flow guidance for full year and provided guidance for q2 of 2017
* CVS Health - Q1 front store sales negatively impacted by softer customer traffic and efforts to rationalize promotional strategies, partially offset by increase in basket size
* Qtrly pharmacy same store sales decreased 4.7pct
* Qtrly pharmacy same store sales negatively impacted by approximately 480 basis points due to recent generic introductions
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.10, revenue view $44.20 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view $5.86, revenue view $184.25 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $1.33 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Crawley boy has lived every football fan's dream as he got the chance to lead out some of the world's greatest players at the Champions League final over the weekend.
Seven-year-old Malachy McCrory enjoyed a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity as he walked out onto the pitch at Olympic Stadium in Kiev with stars from Real Madrid and Liverpool on Saturday night (May 26).
Malachy shared the stage with big names such as Cristiano Ronaldo and Mohamed Salah as he was tasked with leading out Real's midfield maestro Luka Modric, whilst millions watched world-wide.
His proud step-father, Rachid Elhajoui, looked on from the stands and said: “He absolutely loved it and the whole trip has been amazing.
“He didn't want to come home, he wanted to stay out there.
“He just said he loved it and when can he do it again? He said it was like a dream.”
The youngster was flown out to the final by Mastercard after being entered secretly by his mother, Lisa Elhajouri, in the company's mascot competition.
She said at first she didn't believe he had won and he was bouncing around the room when he found out.
“I applied without him knowing thinking it was never going to happen, these things never happen to us,” She said. “Then they contacted me to say he's won.”
Lisa explained Malachy, who is a young carer for his older brother Reece, had experienced a difficult year.
She said: “We have had a really bad year. There's been hospital trips and he lost one of his grandparents last year.
“To be honest we still didn't believe it until they sent the boarding passes over as well as a Mastercard for him to spend with when he is out there.”
The youngster flew out to Ukraine on Friday, staying in an all-expense paid 4-star hotel in the city centre.
Before the main event he was also treated to many other activities, and got to meet a surprise guest.
Rachid explained as the mascots watched a presentation on the Champions League, former Ukraine goalkeeper Oleksandr Shovkovskiy - who made more than 100 appearances in the competition - made a special appearance.
“He surprised us all,” he said. “He gave us all a nice little talk and a photoshoot.”
Malachy was also given a special coaching session at the stadium before he was given his pep talk and walked out with both squads.
“I was a very proud parent, it was emotional,” Rachid said. “He's pretty famous, the whole street is talking about it.”
Liverpool lost 3-1 and although Rachid is a long-time reds fan he said the result couldn't put a dampener on the whole experience.
He added: “It was amazing, we couldn't have asked for more.”
The same Families Package that delivered an extra $645 to the pockets of poor, cold, superannuitant Acting PM Winston Peters also delivered National leader Simon Bridges something of a problem.
It is true Peters probably does not need his Winter Warmer payment. But he has insisted he will take it as a matter of principle and to show his support for universality.
So Peters has become one of the poster boys for those benefiting from Labour's package – a combination of Working for Families entitlements, Accommodation Supplement increases, a baby bonus for newborns and cash to help superannuitants and beneficiaries pay their bills.
Because the July 1 start date for the various payments is about the 146th time they have been announced, Labour's sales job for it has been difficult.
Advertisement
It has consisted of Finance Minister Grant Robertson reading out lengthy and effusive epistles in Parliament until even Speaker Trevor Mallard gets bored and orders him to summarise to haiku length.
Nonetheless, Bridges has fallen into the trap that inevitably ensnares all leaders of the Opposition.
National leader Simon Bridges strong in his criticism of NZ First leader Winston Peters suing his own government officials. / Mark Mitchell
That is criticising what the Government has done without yet having anything to pit against it other than last year's dinner – National's more limited package for Working for Families, Accommodation Supplement and tax cuts for all.
So Bridges is bogged down in circuitous logic. He has argued simultaneously that Labour's package is too targeted but not targeted enough while National's would not have been targeted at all except when it was.
He has argued the main aspects of Labour's package provide no benefit to vast swathes of people because it is aimed at low and middle income families.
However, Labour's baby and winter payments are bad because they provide for all comers rather than only those on low incomes who need it.
In the next breath he claims National's tax cuts are good because they were universal rather than targeted at those on low incomes.
The bigger problem for Bridges comes in the next obvious question: will National repeal those two payments?
Thus far, Bridges has stopped short of saying that. This is not due to indecision. National has after all already said it will repeal things such as the regional fuel tax.
The difference is that repealing those payments would be taking money away from people who will by then be taking them for granted. The new treats will be perceived as entitlements.
It is the same dilemma National faced in 2008 over interest free student loans and Working for Families, a scheme it had initially opposed.
As Peters actions show, only a fool would turn down 'free' money.
A bigger fool would try to take it away from them.
So National caved on both interest-free student loans and Working for Families. Now Bridges must come up with a solution to the baby payments and winter payments.
All Bridges can do at this point is say what voters would have had if only Peters had gone with National instead of Labour after the last election.
In that regard, it is fair to point out in monetary terms Peters shortchanged himself in that decision he made.
The effect of National's proposed tax cuts would have seen him a grand total of $1700 better off a year, a combination of tax cuts on his salary and the flow on effect to his superannuation payments ($675 a year).
While all this was being digested, Peters' colleague NZ First MP Mark Patterson had uncovered the real threat to New Zealand's prosperity and set out to eliminate it.
He declared war on a vegetarian burger.
Patterson was first to cry foul upon discovering Air NZ was serving 'Impossible' burgers on international flights.
The burgers are made of plant-based meat substitutes.
Patterson declared this heme-enhanced meal an Enemy of the State, ruling the burgers "pose an existential threat to New Zealand's second biggest export earner." [meat]
He found an ally in National's carnivorous Nathan Guy.
Guy too said Air NZ should be rolling out the fatted lamb for its burgers, not fake meat.
Mike Moore, the champion of the Lamb Burger, will be proud although Patterson and Guy's solution probably would not quite meet the criteria for vegetarians.
Meat substitutes can also work elsewhere in life. Accusing politicians of leghemoglobin-barrel politics does have a condemnatory ring about it.
But Silence of the Textured Vegetable Protein does not sound quite as horrifying as Silence of the Lambs. Fava beans and chianti anyone?
Police detained Vincent Bollore, one of France's most powerful businessmen, in the Paris suburb of Nanterre on Tuesday as part of an investigation into how his group attained rights to operate ports in West Africa.
The 66-year-old, who is head of the Bollore Group, was questioned along with other employees of the company. French newspaper Le Monde said the investigation focused on port deals in the Togolese capital, Lome, and Conakry in Guinea.
Read more: Togo: Opposition wants to end President Gnassingbe's dynasty
The multinational group is alleged to have used its communication and marketing subsidiary Havas to support election campaigns of Guinean President Alpha Conde and Togolese President Faure Gnassingbe. In exchange, the subsidiary known as Bollore Africa Logistics is alleged to have won contracts to operate shipping terminals after the leaders were elected.
Read more: Africa in 2018: The old generation remains at the helm
Watch video 02:42 Share Protests banned in Togo Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2w6UR Togolese government has banned all demonstrations
Bollore said in a statement that the investigation related to the billing of its communication servicesin both countries between 2009 and 2010.
The business, which has interests in construction, as well as logistics and media, said it "formally denied" any wrongdoing.
A Guinean government spokesman told the Reuters news agency that the government was "not concerned by these allegations, which make no sense."
The news that Bollore had been arrested caused group stocks to fall by more than four percent in mid-morning Paris trading.
rc/rt (AFP, AP, Reuters)
NEW YORK U.S. state public pension systems unfunded liabilities increased by 17 percent in fiscal 2015 to $1.1 trillion, largely due to the failure of investment returns meeting expectations, a study by the Pew Charitable Trusts showed on Thursday.
"In aggregate, the funded ratio of these plans dropped to 72 percent in 2015, down from 75 percent in 2014," the study said, noting that median overall returns of 3.6 percent were less than half the long-run investment return assumption of 7.6 percent.
Poor investment performance was the largest contributor - $125 billion - to pension plans bearing a $157 billion increase in the net pension liability. This is the difference between the value of pension benefits owed to current and retired employees or dependents and the plan assets on hand.
"Even if investments had yielded the expected returns, however, overall state pension debt still would have grown by about $30 billion," the study said.
Pew noted that the $30 billion figure comes mainly from three factors.
First, state and local governments did not set aside enough in 2015 to pay down principal on their pension debt. So even if investments performed as expected, the funding gap would still have grown by $8 billion, David Draine, a senior researcher, told reporters on a conference call.
Second, an Oregon court restored retirees' cost-of-living adjustments, adding $5 billion to the pension debt.
About $19 billion was added to reported liabilities, much of it attributable to New Jersey lowering its rate-of-return assumption to comply with accounting standards for deeply distressed pension plans.
New Jersey's funded ratio of 37 percent in fiscal 2015 was the worst in the nation, compared with South Dakota, the best, at 104 percent, according to the study, which included data from over 230 public pension plans.
Nationally, plans are starting to adjust downward their return expectations. California's largest public pension plans, industry bellwethers, recently cut their return expectations.
A long-term policy challenge for pension plan managers is increased volatility reflected in the portfolios because of updated accounting standards that use "market values rather than calculations that smooth gains and losses over time, as had been common," the report said.
Pew cautioned that data for 2016, while not complete, is indicating a net pension liability increase of $200 billion to $1.3 trillion based on returns averaging 1.0 percent.
This funding gap could increase by $350 billion over the next two years primarily because of lower-than-forecast investment returns.
For a graphic on "State-by-State U.S. public pension funding levels", click - here
(Reporting by Daniel Bases; Editing by Dan Grebler)
IPTV is gaining in popularity and offers ample opportunities for additional revenue generation depending on the IPTV application TV service providers use and the app developer. Ecosmob, with its expertise in IP technologies and association with IPTV, is perfectly positioned to offer IPTV app development services.
Ecosmob, a global technology leader in IP technologies, announced the launch of IPTV application development services for TV service providers. TV services can reach out to more people and generate more revenues.
The suite of services from Ecosmob includes IPTV software development, IPTV app development, IPTV game development, middleware, application integration, maintenance and support. Given their expertise, teams of IPTV developers at Ecosmob can integrate various modules into a flawlessly performing solution that will enhance reputation of TV service providers. Besides, customers also have a happy user experience. Ecosmob has proven expertise since it has already delivered outstanding solutions to various TV services and helped them enhance revenue streams.
Ecosmob IPTV software is an end-to-end solution that takes care of source digitization of live streams delivered as multicast streams, video on demand with an appropriate delivery and payment method, interactive portals and a scalable content delivery network with smart incorporation of media protocols that give a highly satisfactory user experience. The user side interface offers a seamless customer experience through an intuitive menu system. IPTV can be delivered on any device like smart TV or desktop or to mobiles through apps. Digital rights management (DRM) is also factored into the IPTV development process. The process itself is aligned to suit existing networks and infrastructure of the TV service operator with facility for future upgrades.
However, Ecosmob, said the company's VP, goes beyond the technical aspects. Ecosmob extended IPTV services extend to planning and consulting on IPTV strategy. Ecosmob IPTV related services include guidance on system deployment and integration, defining architecture, third party integration, creation of electronic program guide, billing system, operational model development, vendor selection and value added services. Ecosmob involvement helps TV services generate additional revenue streams through TV subscription, video on demand, advertising and interactive services as well as gaming platforms. Superior technology and ease of use will surely help TV services retain customers and reduce churn.
If TV services are planning to launch IP TV services then Ecosmob can be their perfect partner for IPTV implementations that give the same, if not better experience as traditional cable or satellite TV. Ecosmob checks and field tests its solutions to ensure that the first impression is the best impression.
Interested TV services may contact Ecosmob by phone on 91 79 40054019, 1-303-997-3139 or via email sales@ecosmob.com or via website https://www.ecosmob.com
DUBAI, April 3 The Saudi cabinet announced a pay increase of up to 60 percent for air force pilots on Monday, state news agency SPA reported, as a military campaign led by the kingdom in neighbouring Yemen entered its third year.
Saudi Arabia and its mostly Gulf Arab allies have launched thousands of air strikes in an attempt to dislodge Yemen's armed Houthi movement from the capital Sanaa.
The kingdom is also member of the U.S.-led alliance against Islamic State in Syria.
The cabinet amended laws pertaining to military officers, allowing air force pilots and weapons operators to receive a 35 percent rise on basic salary, said in a statement. The increase for officers flying fighter jets and operating their weapons systems will be 60 percent, it said.
No reason was given for the move, nor an indication of what their current salaries might be.
The world's biggest oil exporter, Saudi Arabia has implemented some austerity measures to wean its citizens off decades of government largesse.
But the kingdom remains determined to prevail in the war next door, where at least 10,000 people have been killed according to United Nations figures, and last year exempted active soldiers from cuts to annual leave and bonuses.
Right groups say the Saudi-led coalition's air campaign has included hits on hospitals, schools, markets, factories and homes, killing hundreds of civilians in what they say may constitute war crimes.
The coalition denies deliberately targeting innocents and accuses the Houthis of using civilian installations to conceal weapons and launch missile attacks against the kingdom with help from the Saudis' arch-rival Iran, a charge Tehran denies.
Its campaign seeks to oust the Houthis and restore to power internationally recognized president Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. (Reporting by Noah Browning; editing by John Stonestreet)
The star notoriously left the show after just three days in 2015, but he could be going back for round two this year!
It's only February, but already I'm A Celebrity 2017 rumours are a foot!
Recently, Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews has been appearing on winter sport show, The Jump, but now the 27-year-old has said she would be willing to go back into the jungle.
He told Now! Magazine "Yeah, I'd do it. I thought it best to let it cool off. Everything was twisted and turned quite weirdly last time. It wasn't what it seemed. I didn't leave of my own accord."
It turned out Spencer had been axed from I'm A Celeb for taking steroids in November 2015, but back in the summer last year he was once again in talks with ITV bosses to get back in the jungle.
If the rumours are true then we might finally get to see the Chelsea boy do a Bush Tucker trial!
We wonder who else might be in the running for a jungle stint! Let us know your guesses...
CCN's top 10 stories in 2016
January 1, 2017
By JOSH FRIEDMAN
2016 was a turbulent year nationally and on the Central Coast. Reporters focused on elections. Even so, while election news cracks CCN's top 10 stories of the year, it ranks low on the list — well, at least not the mere political winners and losers.
What could have been more significant in 2016 than Donald Trump winning the White House, County Supervisor Adam Hill getting reelected and San Luis Obispo's Jan Marx losing a thriller of a mayoral race? Maybe it was drunk-driving cops or the proliferation of drugs in SLO County. Perchance it was the announcement that California's last operational nuclear plant will shut down.
2016 had its share of bizarre incidents, including a prank call that prompted local Burger King workers to smash out the windows of their own restaurant and a teen with a brain tumor who was barred from attending his prom. But, did those stories crack the top 10 list? Read and find out.
10. Conservatives claim control of county board, Marx out
As occurred nationally, the political makeup of both the county and city of San Luis Obispo changed significantly in 2016.
While Supervisor Adam Hill won reelection in a surprising landslide, conservatives established a solid majority on the SLO County Board of Supervisors. In June, Supervisor Debbie Arnold won reelection and in November, Republican John Peschong was elected to represent District 1.
When the new board convenes in January, Democrats Hill and Bruce Gibson will be in the minority. As vice chair, Hill is in line for the 2017 chair position. Nevertheless, the majority on the board determines who will head the county for the next 12 months.
By party registration, Gibson and Hill have been in the minority for the past two years, but Republican Frank Mecham frequently voted with the men on major issues. Arnold, Peschong and fellow Republican Supervisor Lynn Compton are now widely expected to vote in a more conservative manner.
In the city of SLO, three of the five council seats turned over, one of which belonged to former mayor Jan Marx. Despite leading by more than 5 percent on election night, Marx ended up losing by 47 votes to current Mayor Heidi Harmon. The stunning conclusion to the race came 15 days after the Nov. 8 election.
To add insult to injury, Marx got hit with a campaign finance complaint after losing. She must now pay the city a fine of $300, even though she lost the election.
9. Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant announces plans to close down
In June, PG&E made the somewhat shocking announcement that Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant will close within the next decade. One nuclear reactor is scheduled to shut down in 2024, and the other is slated to go offline in 2025.
The Diablo Canyon closure will cost the Central Coast economy nearly $1 billion a year, according to PG&E. The utility plans to replace the nuclear power it generates with renewable energy, in line with new California regulations.
PG&E also agreed to dole out $85 million to local government agencies that stand to lose tax revenue as a result of the Diablo Canyon closure.
What appears totally lost is the desalination project that was supposed to deliver water to South County homes. Some critics of county government have speculated the desal project was nothing more than an election ploy orchestrated by Supervisor Adam Hill.
8. Ortiz-Legg convicted in the court of public opinion
In a year of heated campaigns, the local state Assembly race was likely the Central Coast the nastiest race.
Flush with cash from the state Democratic Party, Dawn Ortiz-Legg went on the offensive, attacking now-Assemblyman Jordan Cunningham for having done criminal defense work as an attorney. As it turned out, Ortiz-Legg, on a couple of occasions, had herself been in need of a criminal defense attorney.
After initially denying that she had ever been arrested or convicted of a crime, Ortiz-Legg stated in a live radio debate that she was very happy to have had a drunk driving offense. A CCN report later revealed that Ortiz-Legg also had a marijuana conviction.
Cunningham ultimately prevailed, winning by a nearly 10 percent margin.
7. Locals increasingly hooked on heroin
CCN reported in July that SLO County ranked fourth per capita in California in heroin overdoses leading to hospitalizations. Santa Barbara County was sixth in the same set of rankings, which were based on 2015 data. On average, last year in both SLO and Santa Barbara counties, one person a week sought medical care at a local hospital because of heroin.
What is SLO County doing to remedy the problem? The county is expanding its abuse treatment program, but officials insist on providing replacement medication, rather than residential detoxification. Drug replacement therapy will result in a long-term revenue stream for the county, which has caused critics to accuse the county of trying to profit from heroin addicts.
6. SLO County's pot rush
Marijuana made news in SLO County and statewide throughout 2016. In June, CCN broke the news that growers had rushed into the sparsely populated California Valley on the eastern edge of the county, and hundreds of pot farms sprouted in the area.
The pot rush was prompted, in part, by a marijuana magazine stating that SLO County did not have any regulations and was tolerant of large marijuana grows. Growers from the Central Valley likened the opportunity to the Gold Rush.
After the growers moved in, reports surfaced of armed men guarding their pot farms and of growers who were affiliated with gangs. Some growers were also using harmful chemicals that threatened the environment, including endangered species.
The California Valley pot rush prompted a feud at the board of supervisors between Sheriff Ian Parkinson, who called for an end to the unruliness, and Supervisor Adam Hill, who said he is opposed to the criminalization of drugs and that the county should profit from the marijuana industry.
In November, California voters legalized marijuana, but the ballot measure allowed the county to retain regulatory control. Still, Hill and Supervisor Bruce Gibson objected to kicking the growers out of the California Valley, and 278 pot farmers in the area registered their growth.
5. Paso Robles sex offender and the family affair
Also in June, a Paso Robles woman found a 44-year-old man taking lewd photographs of her 6-year-old daughter. Then the problem snowballed.
Officers arrested Jason Robert Porter of Paso Robles in both June and July. By August, police had identified 17 children and multiple adult women Porter had sexually molested or secretly photographed. Among other offenses, Porter is accused of having oral sex with children and photographing under women's skirts. Porter's youngest victim was a 1-year-old girl.
The parents of victims are questioning if much of the abuse could have been prevented if SLO County Social Services had not downplayed earlier allegations.
More than a decade ago, author Tina Swithin began battling to keep Porter, her former brother-in-law, away from her children. Swithin reported that Porter beat puppies, made out with a 14-year-old girl at a wedding and spoke of murdering and raping women.
However, a social services evaluator dismissed her claims and asked the court to force Swithin to send her children to the Porter home for the holidays.
At the time of his arrest, Porter was living with his parents, Lyle and Margaret Porter. Lyle Porter is a former Mission Prep principal and Margaret Porter was then the vice principal at Old Mission School. Margaret Porter was let go after her son's case prompted parents to threaten to unregister their children.
Where is Jason Porter now? He is sitting in SLO County Jail with his bail set at $7 million.
4. Sheriff's cake caper and drunk-driving underlings
Not one, not two, but three SLO County Sheriff's Office employees or contractors ran afoul of the law in 2016. In the most intriguing of the cases, county jail nursing supervisor Susan Cameron allegedly distracted her coworkers with a cake she brought to work while she nabbed an inmate's prescription methadone.
A security camera caught Cameron stealing and ingesting the opioid. The next day, the nursing supervisor was found unresponsive at her Cayucos home with foam coming out of her mouth from an overdose.
Both a sheriff's deputy and the sheriff's medical examiner were arrested for DUI this year. In March, on his way to perform an autopsy, Dr. Gary Alan Walter was spotted speeding down Broad Street near Orcutt Road in San Luis Obispo with a blown front tire and steam pouring from the front end of his Cadillac Escalade truck. Officers determined Walter had struck a parked car and was driving with a .19 blood alcohol level. Walter was charged with DUI but not hit-and-run.
In October, deputy Jim Fellows was caught driving a blue 1965 Ford Mustang more than 100 mph on Los Osos Valley Road while intoxicated. Despite blowing a .15, Fellows was not booked in jail, and he got to keep his job.
3. Petetit, Besher and PB Companies mounting troubles
Last year's top story — the pair of developers with multiple legal problems and ties to Supervisor Adam Hill — remained a focal point in 2016. John Belsher and Ryan Petetit have been under fire for failure to pay contractors and lenders, violations of building codes and not paying subsequent fines.
In addition, since 2012, prosecutors have charged Petetit with five felonies and six misdemeanors, some of which pertained to an incident in which he allegedly choked his girlfriend and shoved her head through a bathroom window.
This year, Belsher and Petetit were hit with more lawsuits, one of which was filed by another ex-girlfriend of Petetit, who, too, accuses him of choking her and slamming her against walls.
In another lawsuit, Petetit is accused of convincing a Nipomo couple to lend him more than $240,000. Petetit allegedly told the couple he would remodel a home and sell it, yet the house was never remodeled and Petetit never returned the money. Rather, it was demolished.
In yet another lawsuit filed in 2016, a couple from Nipomo claim that Belsher and Petetit lured them into investing in a project that the developers never finished. Again, the couples money was not returned.
In April, a judge awarded a $1,615 judgement to Petetit's former attorney, Richard Rossi, after the developer did not respond to a breach of contract lawsuit. Then in June, a judge issued an arrest warrant for Petetit after he failed to show up to court for a debtor's examination hearing.
2. John Wallace's ongoing criminal probe
Early in 2016, longtime fraud investigator and former IRS special agent Carl Knudson wrapped up a probe into the management of the South San Luis Obispo County Sanitation District under former administrator John Wallace. Knudson accused Wallace of extortion and conflicts of interest and recommended the district board take the information to law enforcement.
The district board promptly followed Knudson's suggestion, voting unanimously to take reports of malfeasance by Wallace to District Attorney Dan Dow, the FBI and the California Attorney General's office.
Wallace is the owner and president of the Wallace Group, a private engineering firm. The Knudson report detailed several instances where Wallace tried to use or did use his public office to enrich his company.
CCN exclusively reported on similar allegations years ago, yet local officials took little action other than firing the whistleblowers. In 2010, former sanitation district employees Scott Mascolo and Devina Douglas sent letters informing local government agencies about the sanitation district's misuse of public funds and the sewage plant's problems with complying with health and safety requirements.
1. Paso Robles water district rejected
Following in-depth reporting on a proposed Paso Robles water basin by CCN correspondent Dan Blackburn, 77.83 percent of landowners in the area voted against the formation of the water district. The rejection of the water district was a crushing defeat for large North County agribusiness interests.
But, after the ballot measure failed, Supervisor Bruce Gibson, who had spent the previous two years advocating for local control, began pushing for the state of California to take over management of the Paso Robles basin. Blackburn then exposed that possible benefactors of a state-controlled basin included Beverly Hills billionaire Stewart Resnick, who controls most of the Kern Water Bank, and Harvard College's $37.6 billion endowment management “parent” company, Phemus Corp.
Do you have any predictions as to what the biggest stories of 2017 will be? If so, leave them in comments below.
Paulette Weis and her husband Joel personally thanked Rockhampton paramedics yesterday for helping to save Joel's life after he had a heart attack.
Paulette Weis and her husband Joel personally thanked Rockhampton paramedics yesterday for helping to save Joel's life after he had a heart attack. 9 NEWS CQ
"I THINK my husband is having a heart attack. He has his eyes closed and is breathing really funny."
It's the words Koongal woman Paulette Weis never wants to repeat again.
On May 26, Paulette's husband, Joel, was complaining of back pain and generally feeling unwell.
The next thing he knew, there was darkness and he was unconscious.
Ms Weis swiftly called triple zero and relayed to call-taker Jessica Ferry what was happening.
Ms Ferry instructed Ms Weis to lay her husband "flat on his back and remove any pillows and anything from his head".
As his breathing was not effective, Ms Ferry instructed Ms Weis to begin performing CPR.
On the line, Ms Weis is clearly heard saying: "Babe come on".
Ms Weis tirelessly starts life-saving compressions under the advice of Ms Ferry until paramedics arrived.
"My adrenaline seemed to kick in at that time," Ms Weis said.
"It was kind of frightening because it was my husband.
"The fact I had Jess on the phone talking me through, I managed to get him down on the floor and do what I had to do.
"Jess kept me going through that time until the guys arrived."
Yesterday, the husband and wife visited the Rockhampton Ambulance Station to thank their heroes.
The Weis family thanked local paramedics for saving Mr Weis's life in May when he had a heart attack. Contributed
Queensland Ambulance Service (QAS) critical care paramedic Robert Deed, and paramedics Claire Wehlow, Tessa Williamson and Hamed Moqaddasi were first on scene.
Within six minutes from when the call was logged, Mr Deed was inside the house and treating Mr Weis with three other paramedics arriving shortly afterwards.
Mr Weis's cardiac arrest was complex so two more paramedics, Karina Bahnsich and Salvador Ochoa-Portillo arrived later to help with local police officer Ryan Packenham.
Together the six paramedics and police officer provided continuous compressions and administered four shocks with a defibrillator.
On the fourth shock, Mr Weis's heart rhythm returned, but he was not yet out of danger and was rushed to Rockhampton Hospital for further treatment.
He is now back at home with his wife thanks to the help of numerous emergency services personnel.
"I am happy to be alive for sure, it gives you a different perspective in life," Mr Weis said.
"Look at what is important and what's not."
Mr Weis is grateful for his wife's immediate reaction and life-saving quick thinking.
Luckily, he has suffered no permanent effects from the heart attack.
"I am really happy I don't have any damage to any organs and I think that was directly attributed to Paulette," Mr Weis said.
"With one to two minutes of the arrest she had started CPR
"I think it would have been a different story if there had been no CPR until the ambulance arrived.
"It saved my life."
The electrician said the experience had been a "wake-up call" on how important first-aid skills were.
It was the first time Ms Weis had performed CPR on another person.
"The first time and I hope it is the only time," she said.
QAS call transcript
Call-taker Jess Ferry: Ambulance, what's the suburb of the emergency
Paulette Weis: Koongal
Ms Ferry: Okay so exactly what happened?
Ms Weis: I think my husband is having a heart attack
Ms Ferry: Okay and is he awake?
Me Weis: Oh, he has got his eyes closed and he is breathing really funny
Ms Ferry: Okay I am organising help for you now, just stay on the line and I will tell you what to do next.
Now I want you to lay him flat on his back and remove any pillows or anything from underneath his head.
BREAK
Ms Ferry: Say now for me time he takes a breath.
Ms Weis. 1...2...Babe come on...3...4
Ms Ferry: At this stage his breathing rate is not effective so I am going to tell you how to do resuscitation. Just make sure he is flat on his back.
Ms Weis: Yes he is flat on his back.
Ms Ferry: I want you to place the heel of your hand on the breastbone in his chest, right in the centre right between the nipples. And put your other hand on top of that hand, pump the chest hard and fast, at least twice per second and five centimetres deep. Now let the chest come all the way up between the pumps, we are going po do this 600 times or until help can take over. I want you to count out loud so I can count with you.
Ms Weis: Yep.
Ms Ferry: Alright so are you ready to start?
Ms Weis: Yep.
Ms Ferry: Alright start now, count outloud for me.
Ms Weis: 1, 2, 3, 4....
Ms Ferry: Yep
Ms Weis: 1, 2, 3, 4
Ms Ferry: Keep doing that okay, the ambulance has been organised and has been on it's way for a while. Now if you can you get the other person there to have the door unlocked and have any pets put away so they come straight in. ENDS
President Barack Obama has never minced words about the Cayman Islands. As an Illinois senator, Obama co-sponsored legislation to crack down on wealthy American individuals and corporations using offshore investments and tax shelters to avoid and to minimize what they would owe the United States in taxes.
As a presidential candidate, speaking of Ugland House in the Cayman Islands — which, according to a 2008 investigation by the U.S. Government Accountability Office, served as the registered office for 18,857 entities (nearly half of which had U.S. billing addresses) — Obama spoke bluntly: “You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record.”
During the 2012 campaign, Republican nominee Mitt Romney — having lacked the wit or the imagination during his six-year quest to divest himself of the political liability of his offshore holdings — became a punching bag for the Obama campaign.
Recall Romney's unsuccessful London visit for the Olympics? All the time Romney was overseas, the Obama camp was running an attack ad that began with Obama, on camera, stating, “I approve this message,” which told the viewer that Romney “had millions in a Swiss bank account” and “tax havens like Bermuda and the Cayman Islands.”
The argument has understandable appeal. Investments and wealth in these offshore tax havens, which have no corporate taxes and no taxes on capital gains, are shrouded in secrecy. As Romney told Robert Costa of the National Review, while explaining why, as a presidential candidate, he had kept his own island accounts, “The so-called offshore account in the Cayman Islands, for instance, is an account established by a U.S. firm to allow foreign investors to invest in U.S. enterprises and not be subject to taxes outside of their own jurisdiction.” That's pretty straightforward: The offshore account's purpose is to enable the investor to avoid paying taxes he could otherwise owe to the U.S. Treasury.
Of course, our neighborhood dry cleaner, barber or bakery has neither the deep pockets nor the high-priced accountants necessary to minimize or avoid the taxes they owe by setting up a dummy corporation in the Cayman Islands.
But hold on. It turns out that Obama is outraged by wealthy individuals profiting from Cayman Islands accounts only if those wealthy individuals are card-carrying Republicans.
First, it was revealed that Jack Lew, whom Obama nominated and whom the Senate eventually confirmed as Treasury secretary, had, as an executive of Citigroup, a Cayman Islands account worth the pocket-change amount of $56,000 located at the aforementioned Ugland House — “either the largest building in the world or the largest tax scam in the world” — on the Cayman Islands. Citigroup, let the record show, had only 121 such accounts.
Next came Penny Pritzker, Chicago billionaire and hotel executive, whom Obama nominated to be commerce secretary. Her disclosure report revealed that she had received some $53.6 million last year from an offshore trust in the Bahamas. That's a whole lot more than millionaire Romney earned from his offshore accounts.
Most recently, Obama chose his Harvard Law School classmate and friend, Michael Froman, his longtime economic adviser, to be the U.S. trade representative. Thanks to The New York Times' Jonathan Weisman, we find that Froman, another alumnus of Citigroup, held $490,845 in a fund managed by his employer and housed — you guessed it — at Ugland House.
Three presidential nominees, all with serious offshore holdings, demand some serious explaining from the White House. Are offshore investments only evil when Republicans make them and somehow insignificant when they enrich Democrats?
— Mark Shields is one of the most widely recognized political commentators in the United States. The former Washington Post editorial columnist appears regularly on CNN, on public television and on radio. Click here to contact him, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
May 3 Electric-car maker Tesla Inc reported quarterly revenue that more than doubled, driven by record deliveries of its Model X sports utility vehicles and Model S sedans.
Tesla also backed its target of launching its highly anticipated mass market Model 3 sedan later this year, said the car was on track for initial production in July.
Tesla, led by billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk, said net loss attributable to common shareholders widened to $330.3 million in the first quarter ended March 31, from $282.3 million a year earlier. (bit.ly/2p9tTzv)
On a per-share basis, net loss narrowed to $2.04 per share from $2.13 per share.
Revenue more than doubled to $2.7 billion from $1.15 billion.
Tesla's results reflect the first full quarter that includes solar panel installer SolarCity, which it bought last year. (Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Bale Net Wrap Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Tama (Israel), RKW Group (DE), KARATZIS (Greece), UPU Industries (US), Piippo Oyj (Finland), Bridon Cordage (US), Bridon Cordage (US), Syfilco (CA), Changzhou Xinhui Netting (CN), Ruian Jiacheng (CN), Qingdao Agri (CN), Changzhou LiBo (CN).
The Bale Net Wrap Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Bale Net Wrap industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bale-net-wrap-market/10152/#requestforsample
The Bale Net Wrap Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bale Net Wrap Market Products Type Segmentation : Knitted Net Wrap, Extruded Net Wrap.
Bale Net Wrap Market Applications Segmentation : Baling Hay, Baling Straw, Others.
Key Highlights of the Bale Net Wrap Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bale-net-wrap-market/10152/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Bale Net Wrap market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
0:46
Eat at home in your pajamas? Uber has an app for that — and you can use it in Olympia
Managing Fleet Compliance Data Gets an Upgrade
Madison, WI – Transportation compliance service and technology solutions provider – Fleetworthy Solutions – today announces the release of its next compliance technology offering. Called ‘eFleet Hub', the new product aims to help carrier fleets streamline and manage their data – data which typically comes from many sources – and rationalizes those streams of data in one space. Thanks to an intensive and thorough research and product development process, ‘eFleet Hub' moves private and for-hire fleets to a Single Version of the Truth solution, offering a clear view of their compliance health status in a single, online dashboard.
“We know the pain of many fleets, especially with the onset of the ELD Mandate,
and that led to development of ‘eFleet Hub'. With so many providers of telematics, so many sources of fleet data to manage, and so many places to lose track of it all, we developed this new product to ease that pain. It is a piece of technology focused on simplifying a once tedious and time-consuming task for our customers.”
– Rob Getz – CEO, Fleetworthy Solutions
An innovative tie-in to the already sophisticated and powerful Intelligent Compliance Platform – COMPLY 2.0 – ‘eFleet Hub' stands poised to make a marked difference in the everyday workflow of fleets of all types. Transportation professionals responsible for managing their fleets and all things related to safety and compliance will see the value in the new product offering of ‘eFleet Hub'.
“We currently use 3 different ELD operating systems in our fleet, eFleet Hub seamlessly brings ELD data from the 3 different providers into one system, allowing us to spend less time bringing all the data together and assuring we are compliant… Having one place to access our data is a win in my book!”
– Ray A. George CDS, CRST Director of Safety-Asset Light
In this modern era, commercial vehicle fleets have multiple data sources for HOS (manual and electronic), GPS, driver performance, fuel use, toll dollars, e-DVIR's, and more. Safety issues and violations can go unnoticed for weeks or months while sifting through mountains of data, possibly endangering fleet operations, fleet assets and drivers, and the motoring public. Fleetworthy Solutions' ‘eFleet Hub' is an addition to a fleet's toolbox – an empowering piece of technology – developed in support of allowing private and for-hire operations to fulfill their duties and customer needs in a more efficient, safer, and more compliant way.
Current integrations include data providers such as:
• Omnitracs
• Verizon Connect
• Rand McNally (DriverTech)
• Geo Tab (mygeotab)
• PeopleNet
• Nextraq
• Comdata
• And More…
If a new integration is sought, the design of ‘eFleet Hub' allows for new providers to be added with a fair amount of ease and in a shortened timeline.
Fleetworthy Solutions makes this new product available through their professional services and technology suite to transportation professionals across North America. Fleets interested in finding out more information, scheduling a demo, or inquiring on pricing can reach out online, call, or have a conversation at one of several industry tradeshows Fleetworthy attends.
April 5 CNH Industrial NV
* CNH Industrial NV- subsidiary has priced $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.375 pct notes due 2022, issued at par Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Egypt's blue chip index is the worst performer
* Dubai's Shuaa Capital flat despite strong Q2 results
* Foreign funds net sellers in Qatar
* Saudi German Hospital slumps on Q2 earnings miss
* Insurance stocks outperform
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Stock markets in the Middle East that are most exposed to foreign funds were the chief losers on Sunday, taking their cue from international bourses, where the mood was soured last week by growing tensions between the United States and North Korea.
The worst performer in the region was Egypt's blue-chip index, which dropped 1.4 percent as all but two of the 30 most valuable shares declined. The broader EGX100 fell 0.7 percent.
Shares often traded by foreign funds were particularly weak, with Investment firm EFG Hermes dropping 5.8 percent and Commercial International Bank shedding 1.4 percent.
Dubai's index fell 0.9 percent in very thin trade, its largest single-day decline since June 21, as a little under three-quarters of listed shares fell. Emaar Properties , which is expected to report quarterly earnings in the coming days, fell 1.4 percent.
Shuaa Capital closed flat after rising as much as 4.8 percent earlier in the day after reporting a second-quarter net profit of 12.1 million dirhams ($3.3 million) compared with a loss of 50.8 million dirhams a year ago.
Abu Dhabi's index lost 1.1 percent as four of the top five most valuable companies fell; Aldar Properties declined 2.1 percent.
In Qatar, the index fell 0.4 percent as 30 shares declined and only six rose. Foreign funds were net sellers, bourse data showed.
Saudi Arabia's index edged down 0.2 percent as Middle East Healthcare, operator of Saudi German Hospital, slumped its 10 percent daily limit to 69.0 riyals after reporting disappointing quarterly results.
In the three months to June 30, the company made a net profit of 57.1 million riyals ($15.2 million), down 22.9 percent from last year and significantly below the 85.9 million riyals estimated by NCB Capital.
Nevertheless, NCB Capital maintained an "overweight" rating on the stock with a price target of 95.3 riyals. "Expansion plan and attractive valuation are the stock's key positives ... However, high account receivables are a key concern," it said.
The Saudi insurance sector, often traded by local, short-term speculative traders, contained some of the top performers, with Amana Insurance jumping nearly 10 percent.
HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index edged down 0.2 percent to 7,148 points.
DUBAI
* The index dropped 0.9 percent to 3,614 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index lost 1.1 percent to 4,501 points.
QATAR
* The index declined 0.4 percent to 9,205 points.
EGYPT
* The index fell 1.4 percent to 13,280 points.
KUWAIT
* The index edged up 0.02 percent to 6,846 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index decreased 0.1 percent to 1,323 points.
OMAN
* The index fell 0.4 percent 4,970 points. (Editing by Andrew Torchia and Alison Williams)
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
Second year medicine students in University College Dublin (UCD) will have to resit an exam that was “compromised” as similar past papers of the test were circulated among students.
Student representatives from the class were told at a meeting with the faculty that around 230 students out of approx 300 that took the test received an A grade, according to the University Observer student newspaper. The module ‘PHYS20050 Cell-Cell Communication' was taken my medicine, biomedical science, and physiology students.
The exam was “compromised” as a version of the test from another year was circulated among the class before they sat the exam. In most courses past papers from previous years are available to students, but in the specific medicine module they are not made available by the school.
The multiple choice exam, which students took before Christmas, was worth 100 per cent of the grade for the module. When UCD students received their results from the first semester of classes last month, students in the class were informed they would have to retake the exam.
It is understood the past paper circulated among students sitting the exam this December was very similar to the test they took.
A senior source in the university said they were “aware” of the issue with the exam, and the process of dealing with the matter had been started by the relevant school.
“The system identifies when something is compromised ... when you have a bell curve shifting like that in one direction, it's raised and looked at,” the source said.
Speaking to the University Observer, a third year medicine student said she provided a friend taking the course this year with a copy of the multiple choice exam she sat previously.
“This year, someone in the year below me asked my friend for the notes she had for Cell-Cell and since my friend knew I had the questions and answers from sitting the repeat she asked me for them. I gave them to her to pass on and I told her to encourage them to pass them to everyone in their year and they did” the student said.
The module coordinator, Associate Professor John Baugh, was not available for comment at the time of publication.
The exam itself was made up of several questions which each had five multiple choice options, and no negative marking if students answered incorrectly.
Students will now have to resit the test at the next opportunity during the summer period of exams at the end of the college year.
Kinder Morgan Canada invites aboriginal investment as pipeline faces block
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 Kinder Morgan Canada Ltd welcomes investment from the country's aboriginals so that they have a stake in its Trans Mountain pipeline expansion, its head said on Wednesday, as the company braces for major obstacles for the project.
WASHINGTON, April 28 The chief executive of United Airlines Inc will testify before a House panel on Tuesday in the aftermath of the forced removal of a passenger from a Chicago flight on April 9 that drew international condemnation.
The House Transportation Committee will hear from United chief executive Oscar Munoz, along with the airline's president, Scott Kirby, as well as officials from American Airlines Inc , Alaska Airlines and Southwest Airlines.
The hearing is aimed at determining "what can be done to improve the flying experience for American travelers," the committee said. A U.S. Senate panel plans a similar hearing on Thursday, but has not disclosed witnesses. (Reporting by David Shepardson)
(Adds detail, comments, updates prices)
By Melanie Burton
MELBOURNE, March 31 London copper slipped on Friday but was set to finish a second quarter higher lifted by kinks in mine supply, while a ramp-up in China's factory activity and fresh investor buys are expected to drive prices higher in the April quarter.
Activity in China's manufacturing sector unexpectedly expanded at the fastest pace in nearly 5 years in March, adding to evidence that the world's second-largest economy has gained momentum early this year, an official survey showed on Friday.
"Long-term core numbers like these, especially in China, will underpin the global economy, and in turn could start to trigger the much-talked-about infrastructure projects, and thus, physical metals buying," Kingdom Futures said in a report.
LME COPPER: London Metal Exchange copper was down 1.1 percent at $5891 a tonne, as of 0417 GMT, as immediate supply threats eased. But prices were on track for a 6.5-percent gain for the first quarter following a 14-percent rise in the fourth quarter of last year.
SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper edged up by 0.3 percent to 47640 yuan ($6,905) a tonne.
FREEPORT INDONESIA: Freeport McMoRan Inc's Indonesian unit is close to reaching a deal that would allow the world's biggest publicly listed copper producer to temporarily resume concentrate exports, Indonesia's mining minister said on Thursday.
WAGE TALKS: The failure of BHP Billiton and workers at its Escondida mine to agree on a wage deal after a long and bitter strike has stoked some concerns over the possible fate of other key contract talks at copper mines in Chile over the next year.
FREEPORT PERU: Workers at Peru's biggest copper mine, Freeport-McMoRan Inc's Cerro Verde, will resume work on Friday after voting to end a nearly three-week strike that had halved output, the union said on Thursday.
NICKEL: LME nickel was on track to fall more than 8 percent for the month, snuffing out year-to-date gains, and the biggest fall since an 11 pct drop in December, on prospects of rising Indonesian supply.
INDONESIA: Indonesia's state-owned miner Aneka Tambang (Antam) has been granted an initial approval to export up to 2.7 million tonnes of nickel ore over the next 12 months, a mining ministry official said on Wednesday.
MARKETS: The dollar extended its overnight gains in early Asian trade on Friday on signs of strong U.S. economic growth, while the euro inched up after sliding overnight on data suggesting slowing growth in Europe.
POLITICS: China called on the United States to play its part in resolving trade frictions between the two countries, and said Beijing isn't devaluing its currency to boost exports as tensions simmered ahead of President Xi Jinping's first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump.
COMING UP: Euro zone Inflation flash Mar AT 0900 GMT
PRICES
Three month LME copper
Most active ShFE copper
Three month LME aluminium
Most active ShFE aluminium
Three month LME zinc
Most active ShFE zinc
Three month LME lead
Most active ShFE lead
Three month LME nickel
Most active ShFE nickel
Three month LME tin
Most active ShFE tin
ARBS
($1 = 6.8995 Chinese yuan)
(Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
(The author is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are her own.)
By Cheryl Lu-Lien Tan
NEW YORK, March 30 Need a master class on how to succeed as an entrepreneur? Just follow the career of Bobbi Brown, who went from waitress to makeup artist to the founder of a now-ubiquitous cosmetics line.
She started Bobbi Brown Essentials in 1991 after working with a chemist to create 10 natural-looking lipstick shades, then sold it to Estée Lauder Cos Inc in 1995.
Brown, 59, stepped down in December as chief creative officer of the company. Her ninth book, “Beauty from the Inside Out,” will come out in April.
The Montclair, New Jersey, resident recently chatted with Reuters about some of the lessons she has learned along the way:
Q: What were some of your first lessons about running a business?
A: I grew up watching my grandfather, who immigrated from Russia, work hard on his business, a car dealership that he founded. As a kid, I would help him stuff envelopes with brochures so that he would constantly be top-of-mind to his customers. He never stopped, not even in his 80s.
Q: What were some of your early jobs?
A: My first job was selling shoes at a local department store, followed by a year of waitressing after I graduated from college. My next act wasn't a job but a career. I worked hard as a freelancer to build my portfolio and make contacts, as I remembered my grandfather doing. I realized that there is no substitute for just doing it, not talking about what you will do but actually getting it done.
Q: What inspired you to start your own company?
A: As a makeup artist I always had to “fix” any product I bought to make it look better and more natural. There weren't any foundations that matched skin tones, and there was not a single lipstick that looked like a woman's lips.
I happened to meet a chemist that was able to make a lipstick based on my descriptions of blending beige, blue and red bases to resemble real lip colors. I sold them out of my house until Glamour Magazine wrote about them, then was lucky enough to debut them at Bergdorf Goodman. I love being able to create something that doesn't exist.
Q: As your career took off, what did you learn about handling wealth?
A: As someone who got D's in math in high school, I learned early on to have overdraft protection on my checking account. At the same time, I never liked how much it costs to pay interest. I always tried to spend money on things I could afford and not live off money I did not have.
Q: Looking back, is there anything you would have done differently regarding running a business?
A: The amount of money I have spent on consultants to “give advice” has always boggled my mind. If I could do it all over again, I'd allocate that money to either an upgrade to the office or an outreach program that helped people in need.
Q: Your new book is about beauty from the inside out. Why is that an important message for you?
A: The better you take care of yourself, the better you feel and the better your brain functions so you have more clarity and energy for your work.
Q: What money lessons do you try to pass down to your three sons (ages 18 to 26)?
A: I believe in leading by example. All three of our boys were raised watching my husband and I involve ourselves in several philanthropic endeavors. Giving back has always been a part of my DNA. I was raised to care about all people, especially those in need.
We encourage (our sons) to follow their passions, work hard and learn along the way so that they can do anything they set their mind to. (Editing by Beth Pinsker and Lisa Von Ahn)
SKOPJE, Macedonia (AP) — Paleontologists from Bulgaria and Macedonia are excavating the fossilized remains of a prehistoric elephant believed to pre-date the mammoth, after its bones were discovered accidentally by a man working in a field.
Scientists at the Natural Science Museum of Macedonia and the Natural History Museum of Sofia said Tuesday they began excavating the skeleton in Dolni Disan in central Macedonia last Friday. They estimated the animal would have weighed about 10 tons and have been about 50 years old at the time of its death, roughly 8 million years ago during the Miocene epoch.
Biljana Garevska of the Natural Science Museum in Skopje said the fossil was of one of the elephant's ancestors which roamed the region at a time when it was covered by African-like savannah.
Introducing a toddler to their new baby sibling isn't always easy, but in this case, it was hilarious.
Ava, 22 months, came into the room while her mom Ali Lukitsch, a teacher from Trenton, Mich., was feeding her new baby sister Hannah. The tot wasn't quite sure what was going on. First, she told little sister “no biting,” and Mom had to explain what she was doing and that she was getting milk.
That's when Ava wanted to know “where the chocolate milk” at!”
From the mouths of babes…
The video, shot by Ali's sister Stephanie Legut, has been shared thousands of times on social media and new mom Ali — who just gave birth to Hannah on Sunday — says she can hardly believe the reaction. “My husband was just asking how I feel about so many people seeing me and I'm just so focused on Ava … That's just her, in a nutshell, every day, Ali told 98.7 AMP Radio. “We could pop out a million more videos like that. I'm glad that people can see her personality.”
Ava is a regular ‘little Mama' who wants to do everything for the new baby, including helping to feed her, getting her dressed, and playing with her all the time. “It's just like her little live baby doll,” mom Ali said.
So, did she get her chocolate milk?
“She loves chocolate milk, yes she does,” Ali said, laughing. “She asked me again this morning, ‘Is she getting chocolate milk? I had to say ‘No, she's not getting chocolate milk!”
Police have been unable to locate Tyson Cole, wanted for attempted murder and firearms offences
Vernon-North Okanagan RCMP are requesting the public's assistance in locating a wanted man who may be in the Vernon area.
Tyson Darryl Cole is wanted for attempted murder and other firearm related offences.
Vernon-North Okanagan RCMP have made several attempts to locate Cole, however have been unsuccessful.
Cole is described as African American male, five-foot-eight, 165 pounds with black hair and brown eyes.
He is considered armed and dangerous, and police advise not to attempt to make contact with or apprehend him.
If you have any information about Tyson Cole, or where he might be, please contact the Vernon-North Okanagan RCMP at 250-545-7171. Or remain anonymous by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477, or leave a tip online at www.nokscrimestoppers.com.
You do not have to reveal your identity to Crime Stoppers. If you provide information that leads to an arrest, you could be eligible for a cash reward.
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
PARIS (AP) " Paris Saint-Germain is dreaming big, just like its motto says.
The French club, desperate to join Europe's elite since Qatari owners QSI took over six years ago, made an eye-catching breakthrough in the Champions League on Tuesday, routing Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of the last 16.
"This was the best performance I've been part of since coming to PSG," said midfielder Blaise Matuidi, one of QSI's first signings after its takeover in June 2011.
In the years since the new ownership came in, PSG has pumped hundreds of millions of euros (dollars) into acquiring big-name coaches and big-name players, including Thiago Silva, Edinson Cavani, Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler.
QSI also launched an advertising campaign with the motto "Revons Plus Grand," French for "Let's Dream Bigger."
It hasn't always worked out, though.
In the past four seasons, PSG has dominated in France but has failed to reach even the semifinals of the Champions League. Twice the team lost to Barcelona, in 2013 and '15, in the quarterfinals and then again last year to Manchester City.
The result of European frustration has led to swift and ruthless change, with coach Laurent Blanc fired in the offseason despite winning back-to-back domestic trebles.
His successor, Unai Emery, was hand-picked by PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi, who liked what he saw in the Sevilla side that Emery guided to three straight Europa League titles.
That team played with passion, total commitment and relentless energy, and the Spanish coach has allied those qualities to a PSG team with considerably more individual talent than Sevilla.
After a difficult start, his methods are working well.
Continued below.
Related Content Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Your views: Readers letters' Diana Clement: With insurance, it pays to read fine print
___
NO IBRA, MORE TEAMWORK
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's departure to Manchester United before the season left a huge void " one that PSG has filled with more teamwork.
When Ibrahimovic played, everything revolved around him. He was given such freedom by then-coach Carlo Ancelotti and by Blanc that he roamed wherever he wanted.
While the Swede was a prolific scorer, the loose way he played often unbalanced PSG and made the side predictable against better European opposition.
With the unselfish Edinson Cavani as the main striker, PSG is much harder working. And Cavani has stepped up with 34 goals this season.
Ibrahimovic also hardly ever defended, while Cavani tracks back to support his teammates.
___
EMERY'S TACTICS
The team Emery picked against Barcelona was brave and innovative.
He dropped Brazilian winger Lucas, one of his best players, and recalled the inconsistent Angel Di Maria " who scored twice.
But it was Emery's midfield formation that really caught the eye and earmarked him as a clever strategist.
Switching from the 4-3-3 formation he usually deploys, Emery went for a 4-2-3-1 with Adrien Rabiot and Marco Verratti as the holding pair and with Blaise Matuidi pushing up almost as a playmaker.
Matuidi is usually either a holding or a wide midfielder, but Emery used him as a thrusting spearhead where his relentless energy and ability to time late runs behind the defense caused havoc.
___
HOMEGROWN TALENT
As the final whistle blew at Parc des Princes, three homegrown PSG players joined in the celebrations.
Center back Presnel Kimpembe had marked Barcelona star Lionel Messi out of the game and Adrien Rabiot had won his midfield battle against Sergio Busquets. Midfielder Christopher Nkunku came on for the last 20 minutes.
Kempembe and Rabiot are both 21, while Nkunku is 19. All three grew up in the Paris region and came through the club's youth ranks.
While Ancelotti and Blanc rarely trusted homegrown players, offloading central defender Mamadou Sakho to Liverpool and winger Kingsley Coman to Juventus, Emery has great faith in them.
Kimpembe is an athletic defender who reads the game well and is strong in the air. The graceful Rabiot has great composure on the ball, a dangerous shot from outside the box and is a perceptive passer.
Homegrown players also give the club a stronger local identity because fans feel like they're watching one of their own, rather than only imported stars.
___
KEEPING VERRATTI
The diminutive Marco Verratti is the heartbeat of the side and PSG has done well to keep him, despite interest from Real Madrid.
The 24-year-old Italy midfielder is a great organizer and sets the tempo for PSG's game with quick-thinking and crisp passing.
He has an excellent passing range, whether short or long, and he regularly creates chances with his defense-splitting passes.
All he needs to add now is goals, with only five in 185 games since joining from Italian side Pescara five years ago.
March 30 (Reuters) -
* Bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj and six other international banking groups will launch next year a cross-border wiring service that uses blockchain - nikkei
* Bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, others will initially offer cross-border wiring service to individuals in early 2018, then expand to corporate clients-nikkei Source text (s.nikkei.com/2nElg1k) Further company coverage:
MILAN, April 13 Italian former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi finalised his troubled sale of soccer club AC Milan to a Chinese-led consortium on Thursday, a 740-million-euro ($788 million) deal that tightens China's grip on the game in Italy.
The deal, the biggest Chinese investment in a European club, follows retail giant Suning Commerce Group's purchase of Milan rival Internazionale FC last year.
A Chinese firm also underwrites the media rights to the top league, Serie A.
In a statement, Berlusconi's family holding Fininvest said it had sold its entire 99.93 percent stake in the club to Luxembourg-based Rossoneri Sport Investment Lux, the company that replaced the original Chinese bid vehicle. (Reporting by Elvira Pollina, editing by Silvia Aloisi and Crispian Balmer)
Better standards are in place in British Columbia, meaning less fish have escaped, reports show
The federal government isn't properly managing the risks that farmed salmon pose to their wild counterparts, nor is it doing enough to ensure Canada is meeting its international commitments on biodiversity and sustainable development, Canada's environmental watchdog says.
In a series of new audits released Tuesday, environment commissioner Julie Gelfand takes a closer look at Canada's management of the $1-billion salmon farming industry, which she warns is lacking when it comes to assessing the risk that diseases among farmed fish pose to wild salmon.
The department has no requirement to monitor the health of wild salmon or the status of the ocean floor beneath penned salmon farms, said Gelfand, and the department is also providing better funding for research related to fish farms than it is for research to help monitor their impact.
“The department is at risk of being seen to promote aquaculture over the protection of wild salmon,” Gelfand said after the reports were tabled in Parliament.
The research gaps are extensive enough that there's no way to determine the impact of fish farms on wild fish, she said. Those gaps include a lack of knowledge about the risk of disease, as well as the impact of the drugs used to treat those diseases. Canada also lacks an impact threshold to determine when to shut down or limit fish farming, she added.
Canada also lacks standards for the nets used to contain farmed salmon in the ocean — a particular problem in the Atlantic, where heavy storms often batter salmon farms and destroy nets.
READ MORE: B.C. chefs call for end to open-net fish farms as province reviews renewals
In 2015, 40,000 salmon escaped from farms in Newfoundland and Labrador, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia. Better standards are in place in British Columbia, where fewer escapes have occurred, the report says.
Gelfand's spring reports also look at Canada's commitment to the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the UN Convention on Biological Diversity, both of which, she warns, could become the latest international environment agreements Canada signs but does little to actually implement.
She cited a lack of government leadership to address the targets in those agreements, saying there is no way to properly assess how effectively government policies can contribute to meeting those goals.
The agenda for sustainable development is an international agreement for countries to work towards sustainable environmental, economic and social development, including gender equality, eliminating poverty, climate action and industrial innovation.
Canada committed to the 2030 agenda in 2015 and recommitted to it last year, but the audit says the government hasn't yet put in place the fundamental requirements to do more than pay it lip service.
“The federal government committed to implementing the 2030 agenda three years ago, but again, it is not ready to respect its international commitment,” Gelfand said. “When will it be ready?”
The audit report looked at the period between September 2015 and November 2017. The federal budget tabled in February promised nearly $50 million between now and 2030 to create a specific government unit to oversee the agenda, as well as to fund monitoring and reporting by Statistics Canada, Gelfand acknowledged.
The statistics agency also expects this spring to have a data portal ready to report on the Canadian indicators around the UN 2030 agenda. That could address one of Gelfand's concerns that there are too many departments assigned as co-leads on the agenda, leaving no one to take full ownership of or leadership on the file.
“In my opinion, it is difficult to move forward with 10 hands on the wheel,” she says.
Gelfand's third audit this spring looked at another unmet Canadian UN environment commitment, this one the UN Convention on Biological Diversity — a legally binding treaty acknowledging that a global decline in biodiversity is one of the “most serious issues facing humanity.”
Canada has had a biodiversity strategy under the convention since 1995; in 2002, signatories committed to reducing the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010. New targets were set for 2020 after that original deadline went wanting.
Environment Canada isn't taking the necessary steps to hit the 2020 targets, Gelfand found, focusing its efforts on international meetings and creating national committees rather than analyzing whether its actions will do anything to help. There is also no comprehensive monitoring or reporting on whether there is any progress to meeting the 2020 targets.
Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
March 28 Dear Life Co Ltd:
* Says it acquired property in Tokyo, which is a building based near subway
* Says the acquisition price is not disclosed
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/gXW2zQ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Iconic Brit band Madness have announced a huge UK tour - and it includes a date at Arena Birmingham
The Hills Are Alive With the Sound of Madness will see the band - which rose to fame in the 1970s - play their hits and some new tracks.
The 2-tone favourites will play 13 dates this December with support from indie band The Fratelli's.
You will be able to catch them at Arena Birmingham on Saturday, December 15.
Tickets are priced from £43.58 and go on sale at 9.30am on Friday you can get them from The Ticket Factory here.
Fifteen Madness singles reached the top 10, including One Step Beyond, Baggy Trousers and It Must Be Love.
Their single House of Fun reached number one.
They captured the nation's imagination when they played Our House on the roof of Buckingham Palace during the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebrations.
In 2000 the band received the Ivor Novello Award for Outstanding Song Collection.
Scottish rock band The Fratellis have had hits with Chelsea Dagger and Whistle for he Choirs.
The Hills Are Alive With the Sound of Madness tour 2018
December 6 - Leeds, First Direct Arena
December 7 - Manchester Arena
December 8 - Newcastle, Metro Radio Arena
December 10 - Plymouth Pavilions
December 11 - Bournemouth
December 13 - Nottingham, Motorpoint Arena
December 14 - London, O2 Arena
December 15 - Birmingham Arena
December 17 - Glasgow, SSE Hydro
December 18 - Hull Venue
December 19 - Reading Rivermead
December 21 - Cardiff, Motorpoint Arena
December 22 - Brighton Centre
Tickets go on sale at 9.30am on Friday and are priced from £43.58 and you can get them from The Ticket Factory here.
KUALA LUMPUR May 3 Malaysia Airlines will add 11 new routes and embark on a hiring spree by year-end amid a boost in demand from international customers, Chief Executive Peter Bellew said on Wednesday.
The Malaysian national carrier is in the midst of a turnaround after suffering two tragedies in 2014 - when Flight MH370 from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing mysteriously disappeared, and Flight MH17 from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down in eastern Ukraine.
Bellew said the number of routes being introduced now was the most in a single year in the airline's history, and that the company was evaluating at least 26 more routes that could be introduced by 2018.
The airline, he said, was seeing an increase in customers in Asia, particularly from China, India and Australia, despite a fall in the number of fliers to Europe and the United States.
Malaysia Airlines was looking to hire more staff towards the end of this year and add several wide-body aircraft to its fleet. However, he did not discuss on how many jobs would be introduced.
The company was de-listed from the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange in 2014, and had removed around 6,000 jobs, at least a third of its workforce, at the peak of the airline's crisis in 2015.
"Business is very good at the moment... business on the international front is extremely strong," he told reporters in Putrajaya, Malaysia's administrative capital.
"We need more pilots, more crew, engineers and everything."
Last month, Bellew told Reuters the airline was looking to lease between six and eight Airbus A330s or Boeing 777s for use from 2018 and another seven to nine aircraft from 2019.
The company aims at a return to profitability by 2018, and a stock market listing again in March the following year.
(Reporting by Rozanna Latiff; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
TV presenter Ant McPartlin is stepping down from television commitments and will head back to rehab following his arrest on suspicion of drink-driving on Sunday.
Saturday Night Takeaway, which McPartlin hosts with presenting partner Declan Donnelly, will not air this weekend as scheduled.
No decisions have been made about the final two episodes of the show, due to be broadcast on March 31st and April 7th, but they will not feature McPartlin.
His publicist said he had cancelled his current TV commitments and was taking time of “for the foreseeable future”.
McPartlin (42) was involved in a collision with two other cars in Richmond, west London, and was arrested at around 4pm on Sunday after failing a roadside breathalyser test.
A Metropolitan Police spokeswoman said that he was “taken to a south London police station for questioning and has since been released under investigation” and that inquiries continue.
An ITV spokesman said: “ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend. We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series [March 31st and April 7th] which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment.
“We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs.”
It marks the latest in a string of personal setbacks for the star, who works as Ant and Dec with Donnelly.
McPartlin entered rehab last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015.
He returned to screens in November for I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here! and jokingly mentioned his rehab stint along with his TV partner.
In January, McPartlin separated from his wife Lisa Armstrong after 11 years of marriage.
McPartlin and Donnelly are one of the most popular British TV double acts and have won a string of awards including Baftas. They were also voted by viewers as TV's best entertainment presenters at the National Television Awards in January for the 17th consecutive year. – PA, Agencies
Appearing At Prestigious Folk Alliance International Conference February 15-19, 2017
Contact
Chip Schutzman
Miles High Productions
***@mileshighproductions.com Chip SchutzmanMiles High Productions
End
-- Americana songstresswill release her third album,on April 28, 2017. Spicer is also set to exclusively premiere the music video for "Fill Me Up" fromon February 14 via TheBluegrassSituation.com, in advance of the Folk Alliance festival. The video was filmed in the very woods she explored as a child in rural Pennsylvania and features scenes of Spicer re-discovering those woods while playing the song. The video will be publicly released via Spicer's YouTube channel (https://www.youtube.com/c/AmiliaKSpicer)on February 15, following the 24-hour exclusive premiere. Spicer will perform songs from the new release during her Thursday evening Official Showcase at the prestigious Folk Alliance festival, which takes place in Kansas City, MO on February 15 -18, 2017.is Spicer's most compelling work to date. The songs map her musical DNA in landscapes of languid farmlands, gritty alleys and red dirt noir. Her lyrics reflect the various places she calls home; Pennsylvania where she was raised, and Los Angeles and Austin where she currently splits her time. She visits her father's hometown of Harlan Kentucky on the track "Harlan" as well.The album kicks off with the twang and yearning of the first track "Fill Me Up," a plea to the universe toher broken soul. The album's journeycontinues with sensual and heartfelt songs like "Harlan," and "This Town," which recounts a scene known to many, when one finally realizes that no matter how far you travel, you never truly leave your hometown. Spicer confesses, "I know my home is in this town, like I know just how to breathe."Spicer has recruited an all-star line-up for. Keyboardists Rami Jaffee (Wallflowers, Foo Fighters) and Mike Finnegan (Bonnie Raitt, Taj Mahal) contribute, as does Woody Guthrie disciple and singer-songwriter Jimmy LaFave, alongside bassist Daryl Johnson (Stones/Dylan). Guitarists Tony Gilkyson (X, Lone Justice) and Gurf Morlix (Lucinda Williams) appear as special guestsSpicer, previously known for her piano work, picks up a multitude of instruments on Wow and Flutter, from guitar to banjo to lap steel.She also produced the record, alongside multi-instrumentalist Steve McCormick. Malcolm Burn, whom Spicer contacted because of his work with Daniel Lanois, handled mixing.Amilia Spicer's own label, Free Range Records, will present private showcases from their "Free Range Records Presents" room at the Folk Alliance festival. This room, #604, will also feature artists from the Kerrville Folk Festival on Friday night, February 17. All of this is in addition to Spicer's own Official Folk Alliance festival showcase, which takes place at 7:45pm on Thursday Feb 16 in the Brookside Room.When Spicer answered music's call, she was first discovered at a Los Angeles club. That led to a rare main stage Kerrville Folk Festival debut, three Kennedy Center performances, song placements in several high-profile TV productions (), and more. Spicer's first two releases,andwere released to critical acclaim, with New Texas Magazine calling Spicer "A formidable talent." Spicer's music has also earned comparisons to that of Lucinda Williams, Emmylou Harris, and Lanois. During the writing process for, Spicer took time to work on several other projects. Among these, she has been lauded for her contributions toandShe also appeared on the 2009alongside Jackson Browne, Sheila E, and Paul Barrere. Spicer has enjoyed other collaborations as well, most notably appearing on albums by John Gorka and the final Rounder release from the late Bill Morrissey.For more about Amilia Spicer, please visit http://amiliaspicer.com
FILE PHOTO: A woman walks past a sign bearing the logo of United Parcel Service (UPS) at a job fair in Chicago, Illinois, October 18, 2014. REUTERS/Jim Young
A union representing 1,200 U.S. air maintenance workers at United Parcel Service Inc (UPS.N) turned up pressure on the company on Sunday to settle a three-year contract dispute, saying it would seek clearance to strike.
The union is taking its grievances directly to UPS shareholders, running as an advertisement an open letter to David Abney, the company's chief executive, ahead of a Thursday shareholders meeting.
The letter, which has been delivered to board members, was signed by nearly 78 percent of members of Local 2727 of the Teamsters union, asking the company to maintain air mechanics' current health plan and not demand other concessions.
“We're not willing to back off of this and we will strike over it,” said Tim Boyle, the local president.
The company said that it continues to negotiate in good faith with the union.
"Talks continue under the control of the National Mediation Board, which has scheduled sessions several months out," said Mike Mangeot, a spokesman for UPS Airlines, in a statement.
"The union's talk about a job action is simply posturing and a common union tactic designed to pressure talks. Our mechanics are good people who do a good job of keeping our aircraft flying safely and reliably, and UPS continues to negotiate in good faith for an agreement that's good for them, the company and our stakeholders."
Union members will also protest at the UPS shareholders' meeting on Thursday in Wilmington, Delaware, with protests outside the meeting and, for union members who are also shareholders, questions to company officials inside.
The local plans additional protests on Tuesday in Atlanta, where the company is headquartered.
The union already voted in November to strike, but saw that request denied by federal authorities. The air maintenance workers are governed by the U.S. Railway Labor Act, which only allows strikes after it finds negotiations and mediation have failed.
But if the company does not agree to keep members' health plans intact at the next bargaining session, on May 11 and May 12, Boyle said the union would ask again for permission to strike.
Even if the board grants permission, though, a strike would take at least another 30 days because of other procedural hurdles.
A strike could ground the package delivery company's airplanes and disrupt packages sent by air, even as UPS and its rivals grapple with higher costs for surging e-commerce business.
(Reporting by Luciana Lopez in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Nick Zieminski)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Train services between Derby and London are disrupted after someone was hit by a train.
The person was struck near Kettering and the line was temporarily closed while emergency crews attended the incident.
Some lines have now reopened and East Midlands Trains (EMT) say they are “working hard to recover” services.
The 7.01pm train from Derby Train Station to London St Pancras International is delayed by 47 minutes.
The 7.21pm and 8.01pm services are also delayed. Later trains are running on schedule.
Carolyn Lewis, Diocesan Director of Education for the Diocese of Leicester, tweeted from the train to say somebody had been killed.
She wrote: "Prayers .... on a train and it stopped very suddenly.
"Sadly the train has hit someone and they have died. Prayers for the person killed, their family and the train driver.
"Just outside Kettering. We are still waiting. Driver is being relieved and emergency services still on site.”
A spokesman for EMT said: “A person has been hit by a train near Kettering. This is disrupting trains on the London/Nottingham/Sheffield route.
“Our teams on site have reopened some of the lines through Kettering and we are working on getting services back to normal.
“Unfortunately, we haven't got an estimate of when that will be at the moment. If you are travelling between these stations your journey will be subject to delays.
“If you're travelling from London, we advise you to use alternative routes to complete your journey.
“We have ticket acceptance in place with Virgin West Coast for services to the North via Manchester, and Kettering via Northampton.
“Virgin Trains East Coast services for Nottingham via Grantham. Thameslink services between London, Luton and Bedford.
“Replacement buses are also running between Kettering and Corby, and between Kettering and Northampton.
“If your journey has been delayed today please visit our delay repay pages.”
Currently, we are bringing forth “International Conference on Clinical Diabetes, Diabetic Medication &Treatment” (Diabetes Medicare Conference) scheduled to be held during August 17-18, 2018 at Singapore.
SEATTLE (AP) — Washington state has sued the operator of one of the largest immigration detention centers in the United States, claiming it did not pay detainees the state's minimum wage for work performed over a decade.
Attorney General Bob Ferguson filed the lawsuit Wednesday against The GEO Group, which owns and operates the Northwest Detention Center in Tacoma on contract with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Ferguson says that since at least 2005, GEO used immigration detainees to cook, do laundry and perform other non-security work but paid thousands of workers only $1 per day.
GEO denied the allegations as baseless and meritless. The company said in an emailed statement that it intends to vigorously defend itself. GEO says the volunteer work program and minimum wages rates are set by the federal government.
The state wants the court to order GEO to comply with Washington's minimum wage laws.
The lawsuit was filed in Pierce County Superior Court.
The third-generation Outlander will be a petrol-only offering, powered by a 2.4-litre naturally aspirated engine as before
Mitsubishi has started accepting pre-launch bookings of the third-generation Outlander in India. The SUV is expected to be launched in the coming weeks and will go up against the upcoming fifth-gen Honda CR-V and the Volkswagen Tiguan. While the Tiguan is only available with a diesel engine, the new CR-V will get both petrol and diesel engine options. The Mitsubishi Outlander, on the other hand, will remain a petrol-only offering like before. The Outlander is a seven-seater and comes with a removable third row.
We'll be getting the global third-gen facelift Outlander that made its debut in 2015 at the New York Motor Show as a 2016 model-year SUV. The third-gen Outlander will be Mitsubishi's first ever all-new model in over half a decade in India - the last one was the ageing Pajero Sport. Speaking of the second-gen Outlander, it was discontinued from the country in 2012 as it was globally phased out.
Like the previous model, the upcoming Outlander too comes with an extended feature list that includes LED head and tail lamps, daytime running LEDs, dual-zone climate control, seven airbags and a 710W Rockford Fosgate sound system. Check it out in detail here: Mitsubishi Outlander: All You Need To Know
The Outlander is powered by a 2.4-litre naturally aspirated petrol engine that is mated to a CVT auto with 6-speed paddle shift operation. The engine puts out 167PS of max power and 222Nm of peak torque. It comes standard with an all-wheel-drive setup.
The Outlander is most likely to be a CBU (completely built unit) import as before, and is expected to be priced somewhere between Rs 27 lakh-29 lakh (ex-showroom). Mitsubishi will offer the Outlander in a single variant.
Check out: Volkswagen Tiguan: First Drive Review
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
The wife of a Texas school principal branded his mistress a 'whore' and claimed she would 'hire a hitman' if she could afford it just days before took his own life when confronted about the affair by school authorities.
Court documents claimed Tammy Reeves, wife of Principal Dennis Reeves, sent a string of abusive online and text messages to his former secretary, Marcia Morgan before he was found dead in the school parking lot.
Mrs Reeves accused Mrs Morgan of being 'a lying piece of trash' in what school authorities have described as 'fodder for a soap opera serial'.
Principal Reeves admitted to his wife on May 19 that he had an affair with his former secretary.
Advertisement
On May 23, Principal Reeves was found dead in the parking lot of Kirbyville High School moments after being confronted about the affair and allegations of harassment by Superintendent Thomas Wallis.
According to court documents, after Reeves admitted the affair, his wife sent Morgan, his former secretary an 'angry text message'.
She wrote: 'He told me everything today. You are a lying piece of trash... Do your children know what their mother did?'
Mrs Reeves at one point posted an image to social media of a note that was allegedly written by the former secretary to the school official.
She included her own message as well when she posted the image, which appeasered to have been sent directly to the secretary, writing: 'You realize you're still alive only because I can't afford a hitman, right?'
She also described the woman as the 'secretary' who had been 'f****** my husband'.
On May 23, Morgan met with assistant superintendent Georgia Sayers and admitted the affair and 'expressed concern about the social media harassment from Mrs Reeves and described her concerns about workplace harassment from Mr Reeves'.
Shortly before his suicide, Reeves has been subject to a harassment complaint from a teacher who claimed the principal had sent her 'hundreds of text massages'.
According to court documents on May 23 'Reeves was presented with the certainty of an administrative investigation and was informed that he would be administratively suspended for three days pending the investigation.'
Officials demanded Reeves hand over his laptop, keys and his cell phone which had been issued by the school district.
Before handing over the phone, he began deleting messages.
According to the documents: 'Reeves was offered the opportunity to resolve the situation with is reputation intact by resigning. Forced with two unpleasant alternatives, Reeves tendered his resignation in lieu of an investigation into his conduct.'
Reeves reportedly told officials 'I'm not good, I'm not good' before he was found dead.
The school district claimed they wished to 'protect the reputation of Dennis Reeves and his family' following his suicide, but these attempts 'snowballed into media allegations of deception'.
Reeves' wife asked school authorities for permission to retrieve his personal belongings from his office and his letter of resignation.
She also wanted Morgan's written statement. When this request was refused, she petitioned Jefferson County Court for access to all documents relating to the case.
The school district has filed a motion to dissolve the temporary restraining order.
According to school's case 'the facts in issue are the fodder for a soap opera serial, not a cause of action in a court of law'.
New Delhi: Veteran off-spinner Harbhajan Singh will lead Punjab in the upcoming Vijay Hazare Trophy which is scheduled to start from Monday. Southpaw Yuvraj Singh has been appointed as vice-captain of the team.
The selection committee under Yashpal Sharma named the 15-man squad for the group phase of the tournament.
U19 star Shubman Gill who has been in terrific form in the ongoing U19 World Cup will also feature in the squad for Punjab. Mandeep Singh, Manan Vohra, Sandeep Sharma, Siddharth Kaul and Barinder Singh Sran are some of the players to feature in the team.
Punjab will clash against Haryana in their opening encounter of the tournament scheduled on 7th February.
Punjab squad: Harbahajn Singh (Captain), Yuvraj Singh (VC), Manan Vohra, Mandeep Singh, Gurkeerat Singh Mann, Abhishek Gupta, Gitansh Khera, Siddharth Kaul, Sandeep Sharma, Abhishek Sharma, Shubman Gill, Manpreet Singh Grewal, Barinder Singh Sran, Mayank Markande, Sharad Lumba.
By Ambar Warrick April 5 Southeast Asian stock markets, barring the Philippines and Indonesia, ended slightly lower on Wednesday as investors awaited a crucial meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping. China's Foreign Ministry said President Xi Jinping would travel to the United States to meet President Donald Trump at his Mar-a-Lago retreat in Florida on April 6-7. The Philippine index extended gains into a third session to close at an over 5-month high, ending up 1.9 percent. "Our central bank sees no reason to raise interest rates any time soon," said Joseph Roxas, President at Manila-based Eagle Equities. "Trump policies in America don't seem to be affecting the BPO business here either." "Basically, we have all the fundamentals (in place)." Financials and real estate stocks led the gains, with BDO Unibank and real estate conglomerate Ayala Land Inc closing at two-week highs. Also among the top gainers was property developer SM Investments, which pushed the index up about 32.7 points while ending at a record high. "Wilcon Depot was listed last week after its 7 billion peso IPO, which released a lot of money into the market," Roxas added. Indonesia hit at an all-time high for a third consecutive session, led by materials and financials. The index gained 0.45 percent during the day. Bank Central Asia and Chandra Asri Petrochemical closed at record highs. The index of the region's 45 most liquid stocks was at a 6-month high. Other markets in the region fell marginally. Asian stocks edged up on Wednesday, helped by a bounce in Chinese shares, though investors held off from making big bets as sentiment remained cautious. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3176.55 3179.06 -0.08 Bangkok 1582.12 1583.82 -0.11 Manila 7584.21 7446.49 1.85 Jakarta 5676.98 5651.823 0.45 Kuala Lumpur 1744.67 1747.19 -0.14 Ho Chi Minh 723.22 724.14 -0.13 Change so far this year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3176.55 2880.76 10.27 Bangkok 1582.12 1542.94 2.54 Manila 7584.21 6840.64 10.87 Jakarta 5676.98 5296.711 7.18 Kuala Lumpur 1744.67 1641.73 6.27 Ho Chi Minh 723.22 664.87 8.78 (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
PLEASANT HOPE, Mo. (AP) — An employee has been seriously injured in an explosion at a pyrotechnics plant in southwest Missouri.
KSPR-TV reports that a fire subsequently broke out Tuesday at the AM Pyrotechnics plant in Pleasant Hope, which supplies big fireworks shows.
Fire Protection District Fire Chief Jake Agee says there was a report of a loud explosion and by the time firefighters arrived, more explosions had taken place.
Firefighters said most of the workers left the building before the fire, but one person remained inside.
Advertisement
Agee says the woman was removed from the building with serious injuries and flown to a hospital.
Agee says several fire departments responded to the blaze and that the cause of the explosion is under investigation.
UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 15
June 15 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.3 percent ahead of the cash market open.
CubexSoft notifies the official launch and release of its latest software CubexSoft Office 365 Restore Tool for uploading Outlook PST files to Office 365 mailbox.
Contact
CubexSoft
***@cubexsoft.com CubexSoft
End
-- Good news for all users who, in order to feed their growing business needs, are planning to move to cloud based services. Shifting their base to such a vast platform enables them to manage their employees' accounts and other data more effectively, at a single place. To help them easily migrate their multiple user accounts data into Office 365 account, CubexSoft has recently launched Office 365 Restore Tool. This press release today notifies the company's official announcement of launching and releasing of Office 365 Restore Tool.Reportedly, the very idea of developing such utility originated from the very fact of users' growing concerns about how to upload PST to Office 365 OWA account without any problems. Uploading PST files to Office 365 using Microsoft's Azure Storage Tools is a very technical process and is difficult to be followed by non-technical users. So, the company has developed a straightforward solution for all users to easily upload PST to Office 365 OWA.According to project head, "Office 365 has opened new avenues for users to expand their ever growing business on large scale basis. And to continue with their business without any interruption, they need to get complete access to their Outlook data on Office 365 platform. After conducting a deep survey, our R&D department came up with the proposal of designing such a utility that would help users in importing their Outlook PST files to their Exchange online account without Outlook installation. And here we are, announcing the official release of our Office 365 Restore Tool, v1.0, to support our esteemed clientele at every step of their growing business."1. Supports bulk migration of multiple PST files to Office 365 mailbox at once2. Upload complete data from PST file to OWA with accurate details3. Maintains complete folder structure throughout the PST import process4. No Outlook installation required for adding PST files to Exchange online5. Apply date filters to upload data between applied date ranges6. No file size limitation to import PST file to O365 webmail7. Supports all Windows (32bit and 64bit) editionsAccording to reports, Office 365 Restore Tool is going to be a great support system for users who are trying to get an easy and quick solution for importing their Outlook PST files to O365 account. Furthermore, the elimination of Outlook installation for completing this task will make it more fulfilling and satisfying for them. With this tool, users can also perform selective as well as complete data import from PST file. Which means, they can upload their emails, fsbdt contacts, notes, tasks, journals, calendars etc. from PST into OWA. They are also allowed to do migration of selective items only by selecting their corresponding checkboxes, as per their requirements. The software is believed to be a resourceful utility for users by helping them at every step of their business growth.CubexSoft Office 365 Restore Tool ( http://www.cubexsoft.com/ office-365/restore/ ) is a simple application that provides helpful and easy solution to upload, import, migrate Outlook PST files to Office 365 mailbox. The software is completely Windows based and can be easily installed and executed on all Windows (32bit and 64bit) editions, including the latest Windows 10. The tool succeeds in its mission of helping users with migration from On-premise environment to Cloud environment. More information about the software and ordering details are available at the official site of CubexSoft Solutions.
The mother of an 11-month-old baby found dead in a diaper box near her South Carolina home has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, authorities said Wednesday.
Source: 1 NEWS
Detectives continue to interview Breanna Lewis and her family and more charges are possible, Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said today.
Authorities said the 19-year-old mother had initially reported the child had been kidnapped.
"This is just a sad case all around," said Brooks, who called Lewis the "primary suspect" in the death of her daughter.
Lewis called deputies yesterday saying she was attacked and that her baby, Harlee, was stolen from her arms by a man wearing a black coat, toboggan and one glove, according to the sheriff. Brooks added that the mother told them the kidnapping occurred when she went to get the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Lewis' face was bruised and her story initially seemed to check out, so an Amber Alert was issued, Brooks said. But not long after, deputies searching a field near Lewis' home found the baby's body inside a diaper box, according to authorities.
An autopsy was performed on the infant's body Wednesday, but Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser said he is still investigating and isn't releasing the results yet.
Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about an assault, in addition to the charge of improper disposal of human remains, Brooks said. He added that more charges are possible.
São Paulo, March 29 Gerdau SA, the largest steelmaker in the Americas, has agreed to create a long steel joint venture in Colombia with Putney Capital Management amid efforts to cut debt and boost returns.
Under terms of the venture, which were unveiled in a Wednesday securities filing, Porto Alegre, Brazil-based Gerdau will sell half of its stake in a Colombian mill, Gerdau Diaco, to Putney. The venture is valued at $165 million and has annual output capacity of 674,000 tonnes, the filing said.
Putney, an asset management firm, is also Gerdau's partner in the Dominican Republic. (Reporting by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Paul Simao)
NEW YORK Julia Roberts was named People magazine's world's most beautiful woman for a record 5th time on Wednesday, but the actress said she thought her best years were yet to come.
Roberts, 49, was first given the annual honor in 1991, a year after she skyrocketed to fame in the romantic comedy "Pretty Woman." She was also named most beautiful woman in 2000, 2005 and 2010.
"I'm very flattered," Roberts told People magazine, adding "I think I'm currently peaking."
The actress, who won an Oscar in 2001 for playing against type in "Erin Brockovich," has been married for 14 years to cinematographer Danny Moder, with whom she has three children.
Former "Friends" star Jennifer Aniston was last year's most beautiful woman for People magazine.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Aase Karine Sigmond, the lawyer defending the 17-year-old Russian accused of planting a bomb-like device on Saturday, talks to the media in Oslo, Norway April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Gwladys Fouche
Armed police guard the courtoom in Oslo District Court, where a judge is deciding on the detention of a 17-year-old Russian, suspected of planting a bomb-like device on Saturday, in central Oslo, Norway April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Gwladys Fouche
OSLO An Oslo court ruled on Monday that Norwegian police could continue to detain a Russian teenager while they investigate suspicions that he was plotting an attack with a primitive explosive device.
The 17-year-old was detained on Saturday night, accused of possessing a container of lighter gas with nails taped around it in what his lawyer said was a "boyish prank". The bomb squad used a robot to blow up the object in central Oslo. No one was hurt.
Police across the Nordic region went on heightened alert after a hijacked truck ploughed into pedestrians on a Stockholm shopping street on Friday, killing four, in what Swedish police said appeared to be an Islamist attack.
In Oslo, judge Mads Wilhelm Ruland ruled police could detain the Russian for two weeks, the maximum allowed for a minor, while they investigate under anti-terrorism laws.
"He had a container of lighter gas taped with nails around it," police prosecutor Kathrine Tonstad told reporters.
Police said the motive of the youth, whose name has not been released, was not known and it was unclear whether he had acted alone.
Wearing a yellow jumper with grey stripes, the teenager appeared impassive, sometimes leaning towards his lawyer to talk. Most of the hearing was conducted behind closed doors at his and the authorities' request.
Outside the courtroom, armed police searched attendees' belongings in a rare display of high security in the Nordic country.
After the Stockholm killings, Norway's PST security police raised the risk of an attack in Norway to "probable" from "possible".
The youth's lawyer said he was not an extremist.
"He disagrees with Islamists and is against violence. He had not planned to hurt anybody," Aase Karine Sigmond told Reuters. "This was a boyish prank."
The teenager would consider whether to appeal against his continued detention, said the lawyer.
The youth, from Russia's southern Caucasus region, came to Norway as a 10-year-old with his family and had applied for asylum.
The PST said it had been in "preventive" contact with him earlier after concerns were raised that he may have been radicalised.
But a man who used to train at the same wrestling club as the youth told Reuters: "He was a normal boy... There was nothing extreme about him."
He was detained after a witness alerted police to a person on his knees holding a suspicious package beside a car in a dark street.
"If it was a bomb he had made, I would be surprised if he was completely alone," Thomas Hegghammer, a researcher at the Norwegian Defence Research Establishment who focuses on violent Islamism, told Reuters. "It is not easy to build a bomb."
(Additional reporting by Camilla Knudsen; editing by Mark Heinrich and John Stonestreet)
Sky shareholder Royal London to vote against James Murdoch at AGM
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
FILE PHOTO: The Brandenburg Gate is seen during sunset in Berlin, Germany, March 22, 2016. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch/File Photo
People walk through the Mall of Berlin shopping centre during its opening night in Berlin, September 24, 2014. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo
BERLIN German consumer inflation probably slowed more than expected in March due to cheaper energy and food prices, falling back below the European Central Bank's target of just under 2 percent, regional data suggested on Thursday.
The surprisingly weak figures from several German states hinted that price pressures in Europe's biggest economy still remain relatively modest despite its continued upswing, booming labour market and the ECB's loose monetary policy.
The German data follows Spanish price figures that also showed consumer inflation eased sharply in March as fuel and power prices fell, feeding into the debate about the euro zone's monetary policy outlook.
In Germany's most populous state, North Rhine-Westphalia, annual inflation slowed to 1.7 percent from 2.3 percent in February. It also fell back to 1.7 percent in Hesse and Bavaria. In the eastern state of Brandenburg, it dropped to 1.4 percent while it stood at 1.8 percent in Saxony.
The state readings, which are not harmonised to compare with other euro zone countries, will feed into nationwide inflation data due at 1200 GMT.
A Reuters poll conducted before the release of the regional data suggested overall consumer price inflation fell to 1.9 percent in March from 2.2 percent in February, which was the highest rate since August 2012.
Capital Economics analyst Jennifer McKeown said the state readings suggested that German inflation fell more sharply than expected in March to some 1.7 percent. She added that underlying price pressures would remain subdued.
"The labour market is in good health, but it has been for a long time and there are still few signs of strong upward pressure on wage growth," McKeown said.
Since core price pressures are much weaker elsewhere in the euro zone, the ECB is likely to maintain its view that the economic recovery has not put inflation on course to meet its medium-term goal, she added.
"We see it implementing its asset purchases as planned and keeping interest rates on hold for a long time to come."
The inflation rate for the entire euro zone, due on Friday, is expected to have fallen to 1.8 percent in March from 2.0 percent in February, economists polled by Reuters said.
The ECB has slashed interest rates and adopted a bond-buying programme worth 2.3 trillion euros ($2.47 trillion) to pump money into the region's economy.
The central bank has said it needs to see if inflation rises at the start of the year are sustainable in the medium term before considering changing policies which pump billions of euros into the euro zone economy through asset purchases.
($1 = 0.9316 euros)
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Catherine Evans)
: Rumours are anything and about anyone. This new rumour from TV industry is quite shocking.So the grapevine is that TV actress Reena Aggarwal who is currently seen in Star Bharat show ‘Kya Haal Mr. Panchaal?' is going through a tough phase in her life.As per news in Tellychakkar.com, “Reena Aggarwal is going through a rough patch in her life. The married actress is said to be in a marital crisis and apparently things are not quite smooth between her and her non-industry husband. The goss is such that Reena and her husband have already started living separately and she is planning to seek divorce.”The source of the portal further revealed, “Reena and her co-star Maninder Singh are getting quite close and are found face timing each other. It is quite evident that they have found solace in each other's company.”Reena with Maninder Singh during shootReena with her husbandWhen the portal contacted Reena, she denies all these rumours and said, “It is totally rubbish.”Talking about her marital life, Reena said, “We just shifted from our 1 BHK to 2 BHK flat yesterday. We are just settling down.I love my husband to the T. I feel I need to be careful with sharing my personal life with people,”Reena Aggarwal has also acted in Colors TV show ‘Balika Vadhu' and Zee TV show ‘Maharakshak Aryan'.Well, with this we wish good luck to Reena Aggarwal.
Keep pets in the back seats
Keep pets restrained
Selecting the right equipment
Recently, Subaru teamed up with the Center for Pet Safety to determine the safest locations for pets to be transported in a three-row crossover , since the company was just about to launch the three-row Ascent , and Subaru has worked to associate itself with pets and pet owners. But not everyone owns a three-row SUV , so we as pet lovers wanted to get some broader information about safely transporting dogs and cats in cars . To do so, we called up Lindsey Wolko, the founder of the Center for Pet Safety . Here's what we learned.There are a few reasons for this. Among them is simply that pets are less distracting in the back seat. They can't climb into your lap, and you aren't distracted petting them. Cutting down on this distraction reduces the chance of a crash and keeps you and them safe. Besides that, Wolko tells us that having them in the front seat is a danger because airbags are not designed with pets in mind, and they could injure your pet in a crash. There's also a strong risk of them being thrown from the car when up front.When deciding where your pets should be in the back, Wolko said it mainly depends on where they fit. If the back seat has captain's chairs, only smaller pets such as cats and small dogs should be placed there. Larger pets such as big dogs should mainly be on bench seats. Another important aspect for pet seating is whether there's a strong attachment designed for restraint in a collision, and that's because of the next important thing to keep in mind.Your pets should be restrained for basically the same reasons we humans should be restrained. If a pet isn't restrained in a crash, it can fly forward and suffer severe injuries. It could even potentially hurt you if you're in the path of the pet. And if your pet doesn't collide with an object in the car, it could potentially be thrown from the car. There's also the possibility that in the aftermath of the crash, if doors and windows are broken and open, an unrestrained pet could run off and become lost. Even if the pet isn't seriously hurt from an impact, Wolko noted that some pets have suffered other injuries such as torn ACLs from trying to stay standing during a hard stop or crash. For all these reasons, you should really keep your pet in place in the vehicle.To do so, there are two key types of restraint Wolko and Center for Pet Safety recommend. The first kind is the carrier or crate type. You've surely seen these at pet stores, airports and many other places. Though not necessarily the softest thing in a crash, a crate will keep your pet from being thrown out or having a hard, high-speed collision with parts of the interior. The crate or carrier needs to be securely attached in the car to attachment points that will withstand a collision.The other key type of recommended crash protection are harnesses and seats. These strap onto your dog and are attached to secure points such as the seatbelts. Basically they're seatbelts for pets. They should not be used in conjunction with ziplines or long extensions because this can negate the protection of keeping the pet in place.Another type of restraint is the barrier. These don't offer as much protection, though they are effective for preventing distraction. Only barriers that are securely attached in the car — and ideally designed for that specific car — should be used. Generic barriers that fit in place because of tension bars likely won't be strong enough to keep a pet contained in a crash, and that type of barrier could itself become a projectile if it breaks loose.Between carriers and harnesses, Wolko said it all depends on what your pet is more comfortable with. If your dog or cat constantly squirms and hates a harness, then some type of crate is probably the way to go. Conversely, if your pet doesn't like being placed in a separate compartment, it would probably prefer some sort of harness.As far as choosing safety equipment that's crash-rated, that's more difficult. Wolko cautions against blindly believing marketing about crash testing . She recommends going with a product that has been tested by the Center for Pet Safety. She explained that CPS works with a third party to test products using a car-seat sled. The organization also analyzes the construction of restraints to ensure quality and that they use safe designs.Products that are certified by the Center for Pet Safety can display the organization's seal of approval. The complete list is also viewable at the organization's website . The list is fairly short at the time of writing. Sleepypod harnesses and the ZuGoPet Rocketeer Pack are the only harnesses listed, and Gunnar kennels, Gen7Pets carriers, and Sleepypod carriers are the only crates and carriers listed.
São Paulo Saraiva SA Livreiros & Editores (SLED4.SA) has emerged as the likely buyer of Groupe Fnac SA's (FNAC.PA) Brazilian business, the latest consumer electronics retailer to succumb to a three-year recession in Latin America's No. 1 economy, two people with knowledge of the process said on Thursday.
The investment-banking unit of Banco Santander Brasil SA (SANB11.SA), which is Fnac's financial advisor on the process, has contacted a list of buyout firms including General Atlantic LLC, Advent International Corp and HIG Capital LLC to sound out their interest in the unit, the people said.
According to the people, who asked for anonymity as the process was private, Santander Brasil bankers also invited Península Participações SA, which oversees the fortune of retail tycoon Abilio Diniz's family, to participate in the process.
Press representatives for Brazilian bookstore and publishing group Saraiva, Advent and Península declined to comment. France-based Fnac (FNAC.PA) confirmed the hiring of Santander, but declined to give any information on potential suitors or the status of the process. HIG Capital, General Atlantic and Santander did not immediately comment.
The people said there was no certainty a deal would be struck. Preferred shares in Saraiva rose 1.9 percent in early afternoon trading in São Paulo, to 4.34 reais, extending this year's gains to 17 percent. Groupe Fnac's shares fell 0.6 percent in Paris, closing at 66.5 euros, narrowing their rise this year to 3.5 percent.
Fnac is among a group of Brazilian appliance and consumer electronics retailers trying to sell themselves after their traditional playbook of brick-and-mortar outlets with lots of floor space and slow inventory turnover has become increasingly unsustainable in Brazil's worst recession on record.
The three-year recession has restricted access to credit, stoked unemployment and severely impacted demand for consumer electronics and other durable goods. Fnac's revenue in the country slumped by about 8 percent in 2015.
Fellow French retailer Casino Guichard Perrachon & Cie (CASP.PA) is selling a 43 percent controlling stake in Via Varejo SA (VVAR11.SA), Brazil's No. 1 appliance chain. Aside from Via Varejo, other potential takeover targets include Máquina de Vendas SA and smaller rival Eletrosom SA.[nL1N1EP0W6]
Fnac's Brazil operations account for less than 2 percent of the group's 7.4 billion euros (6 billion pounds) annual sales globally, according to company data.
Efforts to integrate Darty Plc, which Fnac acquired last year, have also led the French chain to focus expansion on Europe, mainly in France, Spain and Portugal.
(Editing by Chris Reese and Andrew Hay)
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Elefirst Science & Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS MOU TO ACQUIRE 51 PERCENT STAKE IN BEIJING MEDIA FIRM FOR AT LEAST 450 MILLION YUAN ($67.98 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2AIJdtj Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – Nearly a hundred young ladies said yes to the prom dress on Saturday.
The Cher's Sisters Only Club hosted its annual Prom-A-Palooza, to help families with limited budgets find gowns for their daughters to wear to prom, ROTC balls and other special events.
The dresses, shoes, accessories and makeup are totally free of charge to the young ladies.
“I'm here to get a dress for Valentine's Day,” said third grader Rodnita Fluker.
“It's nice that they did this for people in Augusta, because everybody can't afford it.” Tia Kilgore, a high school senior, told WJBF NewsChannel 6.
“I'm very thankful, because what they have going on is a good thing.” Kayla Butler, a junior in high school, said.
“Do you feel like a princess?” Asked WJBF NewsChannel 6's Stefany Bornman.
“A little bit,” said Mahogany Washington.
More than 700 dresses, 200 pairs of shoes, 1000 pieces of makeup and 200 pieces of jewelry were donated to the organization's 6th annual event.
If you are interested in donating a formal dress or accessories please click here.
Count on WJBF NewsChannel 6 to bring you the latest on this developing story.
Arrests
6/7 at 1:26 p.m. Wendall D. Casler, 39, of Maine Street, Topsham, was arrested on Pleasant Street by Officer Patrick Mahar on a probation hold.
6/9 at 3:46 a.m. Elton A. Goldmann, 27, of Thomas Point Road, was arrested on Medical Center Drive by Officer Matthew Nicholson on outstanding warrants from another agency.
6/9 at 6:53 p.m. Jamie P. Thibodeau, 45, of Long Street, was arrested on Long Street by Officer Daniel Sylvain on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
6/9 at 11:33 p.m. Ethan M. Ward, 19, of Libby Road, Pownal, was arrested on Federal Street by Officer Daniel Sylvain on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
6/10 at 8:37 a.m. Frederick J. Schwab, Jr., 45, of Bouchard Drive, was arrested on Bouchard Drive by Officer Richard Cutliffe on charges of assault and criminal mischief.
6/13 at 9:41 a.m. Ian A. Fitzgerald, 28, of Basin Point Road, Harpswell, was arrested on U. S. Route 1 by Officr Justin Dolci on charges of operating with a suspended or revoked license and violating conditions of release.
6/13 at 10:04 p.m. Christopher J. Tucker, 26, of Tedford Road, Topsham, was arrested at Maine Street and Town Hall Place by Officer Garrett Albert on a charge of violating conditions of release.
Summonses
6/11 at 12:31 a.m. John L. Farmer, 25, of Clayton Point, Harpswell, was arrested on Maine Street by Officer Cory Iles on a charge of criminal trespass.
Fire calls
6/7 at 9:19 a.m. Alarm call on Admiral Fitch Avenue.
6/7 at 10:30 a.m. Alarm call on Venture Avenue.
6/7 at 11:09 a.m. Alarm call on Maine Street.
6/8 at 7:22 a.m. Alarm call on Windward Walk.
6/8 at 8:23 a.m. Gas leak on Bath Road.
6/8 at 9:29 p.m. Water rescue on the Androscoggin River.
6/9 at 12:21 p.m. Line down with fire on Town Hall Place.
6/9 at 1:21 p.m. Water problem on Tibbetts Drive.
6/9 at 6:25 p.m. Accident at McKeen Street and Baribeau Drive.
6/10 at 9:36 a.m. Alarm call on Cumberland Street.
6/10 at 12:08 p.m. Oil spill on Medical Center Drive.
6/10 at 5:08 p.m. Alarm call on Admiral Fitch Avenue.
6/11 at 11:52 a.m. Accident on Gurnet Road.
6/11 at 2:50 p.m. Line down with fire on Hacker Road.
6/11 at 5:29 p.m. Distress call on Oak Street.
6/12 at 6 a.m. Accident on Interstate 295.
6/12 at 12:27 p.m. Disabled motor vehicle on Maine Street.
6/12 at 2:58 p.m. Accident on Gurnet Road.
6/12 at 7:37 p.m. Alarm call on Pleasant Street.
6/13 at 8:51 a.m. Assist citizen on Sadler Drive.
6/13 at 10:55 a.m. Accident on Pleasant Street.
6/13 at 2:43 p.m. Accident on Gurnet Road.
6/13 at 2:47 p.m. Alarm call on Tibbetts Drive.
6/13 at 2:52 p.m. Alarm call on Medical Center Drive.
6/13 at 3:09 p.m. Line down with fire on Prices Point Road.
6/13 at 3:34 p.m. Line down with fire at Oak Street and Cushing Street.
6/13 at 3:53 p.m. Elevator lockout on Medical Center Drive.
6/13 at 7:14 p.m. Alarm call on James Street.
6/13 at 8:41 p.m. Alarm call on Zeitler Farm Road.
6/13 at 10:59 p.m. Accident on Bath Road.
EMS
Brunswick emergency rescue services responded to 44 calls from June 7-13.
March 30 (Reuters) -
* Lloyd's of london- intention is for company to be ready to write business for 1st january 2019 renewal season
* Lloyd's of london- company will be able to write risks from all 27 european union and three european economic area states
* Lloyd's chief executive inga beale said: "it is important that we are able to provide market and customers with an effective solution that means business can carry on without interruption when uk leaves eu
* Lloyd's of london - brussels met critical elements of providing a robust regulatory framework in a central european location, and will enable lloyd's to continue to provide specialist underwriting expertise to our customers
* Lloyd's of london- no immediate impact on existing policies, renewals or new policies, including multi-year policies
* Lloyd's of london - inga beale said: "it is now crucial that uk government and european union proceed to negotiate an agreement that allows business to continue to flow under best possible conditions once uk formally leaves eu
* Lloyd's of london beale - i believe it is important not just for city but also for europe that we reach a mutually beneficial agreement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
During the best time of the year, namely the holidays, one can book many holiday residencies on the island of Majorca. A big trend are the many beautiful private villas throughout the island, which come in all shapes and sizes. The holidaymaker can choose between villas for 4 people and villas with capacities ranging up to 24 guests. Everyone will find their suitable holiday home at www.majorca-villarentals.com (https://www.majorca-villarentals.com). You may rent a villa with your family or with a group of friends. The properties can be found in all regions of the island. The more traditional, finca-style villas always feature large plots of land and no direct neighbours. Quietness and regeneration are guaranteed here. Country-or farmhouses with typically rustic, local styling are available to rent in large numbers, as are rural villas with a more modern design language. All of them feature a large garden and a private pool. Further amenities of course vary, which means there are properties with premium features or sea views. Partly, the villas feature air conditioning and much more. The features, location and a sea view define the price of the property. Prices increase in line with the standard of quality and the popularity of the villa”s location.
Such holiday homes can be found throughout the entire island, and usually lie near well-known coastal resorts such as Cala D”Or, Cala Ratjada, Alcudia or Pollensa, but can also be rented closer to the mountains toward Estelles or Soller. However, many guests prefer the island centre and stay in villas near to Inca, Petra or Manacor. The regions to the south of the island around the towns of Llucmajor and Campos are also worth mentioning. Holiday homes and villas are available all over the island. The website www.majorca-villarentals.com/mallorca-fincas/ (https://www.majorca-villarentals.com/mallorca-fincas/) offers the most beautiful holiday properties. The holidaymaker decides whether he or she prefers the south, east, west or northern part of Majorca. The island is extremely versatile and offers the right region for each and every holidaymaker.
A traditional villa or farmhouse is always located far from mass tourism, and certainly not within the regions of high-rise hotels and large towns with much bustle. A country house lies – as the name would suggest – out in the countryside or near a small village. This provides the guest with much quiet, a large garden and usually with a nice and large private swimming pool. Should the holidaymaker then feel the need to experience something different, he or she can easily drive to the nearest town or beach and return to his peaceful oasis when the day is done. This gives guests plenty of options to shape their personal holiday in whatever way they desire. The internet site www.majorca-villarentals.com/luxury-villas lets holidaymakers find exclusive luxury villas and holiday homes. Everyday can be a different day, or you can simply enjoy your private villa and let time pass by as you cherish the peace and quiet.
Those who do not want to miss out on a hotel service experience can book into a romantic country hotel. There are numerous small and very pretty “agroturismos” in different region of Majorca. Almost everything is possible in Majorca from small and rustic villa hotels to the more luxurious and larger country hotels. The website www.majorca-villarentals.com offers elegant villa hotels and holiday homes. The only place you won”t find a country hotel is right at the beach. They are always located rurally and far away from tourism. Majorca is a dream island in the Mediterranean Sea and offers many different holiday properties for every taste and every wallet. Have a great holiday!
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration's drive to wean poor people from government benefits by making them work has been slowed by a federal judge framing a fundamental question: Are poverty programs meant to show tough love or to help the needy?
U.S. District Judge James E. Boasberg in Washington last week halted Kentucky's first-in-the-nation experiment with Medicaid work requirements, ruling that the Trump administration glossed over potential coverage losses. He sent the state's plan back to federal authorities for a harder look.
The debate goes well beyond Medicaid, the federal-state health program for low-income and disabled people.
This spring, President Donald Trump signed an executive order directing cabinet agencies to add or strengthen work requirements for programs including subsidized housing, food stamps and cash welfare. The government's biggest assistance program for low-income people — the Earned Income Tax Credit — is already designed to supplement earnings from work.
Advertisement
Boasberg found that "medical assistance" is by law a "central objective" of Medicaid. While work requirements might be allowable if that's what a state wants, "there may be limits to how much (coverage) loss is too much," he wrote.
Kentucky's Republican Gov. Matt Bevin wanted to impose work requirements on some 428,000 state residents who got Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act's expansion. Optional for states, the expansion passed under former President Barack Obama covers about 12 million people nationally, mainly adults.
Kentucky expanded Medicaid under a Democratic governor. Bevin argues that the cost is unsustainable for his state, even with Washington paying at least 90 percent of the bill, because many more people signed up than initially expected. The state estimated that work requirements would save money, reducing the Medicaid rolls by about 95,000 people over five years.
That number got the judge's attention.
Boasberg ruled that the federal Health and Human Services department didn't dig deeply enough into the potential coverage losses. The department "paid no attention to that deprivation," he wrote, and "this oversight is glaring," amounting to rubber-stamping the state's request.
Although state and federal officials contend that many people leaving Medicaid would find private coverage, Boasberg said there was no hard analysis, no "bottom-line estimate."
The ruling seemed to catch the Trump administration unprepared.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, called it "disappointing." The administration may appeal, or it may re-run its evaluation of the Kentucky plan to meet the judge's concerns. Medicaid work requirements in a few other states are unaffected.
However, the ruling may make it much harder to approve work requirements in states that have not expanded Medicaid. In such states, Medicaid recipients would face a high risk of losing health care because even paltry earnings could make them ineligible for continued coverage.
Verma said the administration won't be deterred from nudging the poor to go to work.
"We will continue to support innovative, state-driven policies that are designed to advance the objectives of the Medicaid program by improving health outcomes for thousands of low-income Americans," she said in a statement. Work improves health, the administration argues.
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that about 60 percent of adults with Medicaid are already working, and among those not working, most either have health problems, are taking care of home or family or are students.
Advocates for low-income people say they feel like a corner has been turned, even if the issue is far from settled.
"What's particularly significant is that the judge basically said you have to look at the purpose of Medicaid, which is to provide coverage," said Judy Solomon of the nonprofit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Work requirements "were outside the core objectives of the Medicaid program, and he basically said you can't ignore the core objectives."
Others point out that the judge stopped short of deciding the merits of the case, focusing instead on problems with the process that HHS followed in approving Kentucky's request.
Matt Salo, executive director of the nonpartisan National Association of Medicaid Directors, said work requirements may serve the purposes of Medicaid in some states, particularly if that helps convince conservative lawmakers to expand coverage to more uninsured people.
"There's a broader issue at play here about maintaining political support and the sustainability of the program," said Salo. "Does the inability to do a work requirement lead to a scenario where Kentucky is going to get rid of the entire expansion?"
So far that hasn't happened, but Bevin did cut Medicaid dental and vision coverage in response to the judge's ruling.
The case is Stewart vs. Azar.
Obi Okeke, See Nigerian Guy Who Helped Gucci Mane Buy N216m Ferrari
Obi Okeke Buys Gucci Mane's N216m Ferrari. The US Rapper is The First owner of The Ferrari 812 Superfast, and Nigeria's Obi Okeke made that possible.
This super post – Obi Okeke, See Nigerian Guy Who Helped Gucci Mane Buy N216m Ferrari appeared first on MYNAIJAINFO. Read Full Post >> myNAIJAinfo!.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from myNAIJAinfo!. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
April 5 Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc
* Jazz Pharmaceuticals reaches settlement with Hikma Pharmaceuticals related to Xyrem patent litigation
* Jazz pharmaceuticals - initial term of AG arrangement is six months, Hikma has option to continue sale of AG product for up to a total of five years
* Jazz pharmaceuticals- in connection with settlement, co granted Hikma and its unit right to sell authorized generic version of Xyrem in U.S. under Xyrem NDA
* Jazz pharmaceuticals plc - specific financial and other terms related to ag product are confidential
* Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc - Hikma has been granted a license to sell its generic sodium Oxybate product under its ANDA at end of AG term
* Jazz Pharmaceuticals - co to receive meaningful royalty on net sales of AG product,with royalty rate increasing during initial AG term based on ag sales
* Jazz Pharmaceuticals - Jazz to be paid for supply of AG product, to be reimbursed for portion of service costs associated with operation of Xyrem REMS
* Jazz Pharmaceuticals- Jazz will also be reimbursed for a portion of service costs associated with distribution of AG Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
An illustration of the molecular structure of graphene nanoribbons produced by UCLA scientists.
Silicon — the shiny, brittle metal commonly used to make semiconductors — is an essential ingredient of modern-day electronics. But as electronic devices have become smaller and smaller, creating tiny silicon components that fit inside them has become more challenging and more expensive.
Now, UCLA chemists have developed a new method to produce nanoribbons of graphene, next-generation structures that many scientists believe will one day power electronic devices.
This research is published online in the Journal of the American Chemical Society.
The nanoribbons are extremely narrow strips of graphene, the width of just a few carbon atoms. They're useful because they possess a bandgap, which means that electrons must be “pushed” to flow through them to create electrical current, said Yves Rubin, a professor of chemistry in the UCLA College and the lead author of the research.
“A material that has no bandgap lets electrons flow through unhindered and cannot be used to build logic circuits,” he said.
Rubin and his research team constructed graphene nanoribbons molecule by molecule using a simple reaction based on ultraviolet light and exposure to 600-degree heat.
“Nobody else has been able to do that, but it will be important if one wants to build these molecules on an industrial scale,” said Rubin, who also is a member of the California NanoSystems Institute at UCLA.
Stuart Wolpert/UCLA Yolanda Li and Yves Rubin
The process improves upon other existing methods for creating graphene nanoribbons, one of which involves snipping open tubes of graphene known as carbon nanotubes. That particular approach is imprecise and produces ribbons of inconsistent sizes — a problem because the value of a nanoribbon's bandgap depends on its width, Rubin said.
To create the nanoribbons, the scientists started by growing crystals of four different colorless molecules. The crystals locked the molecules into the perfect orientation to react, and the team then used light to stitch the molecules into polymers, which are large structures made of repeating units of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
The scientists then placed the shiny, deep blue polymers in an oven containing only argon gas and heated them to 600 degrees Celsius. The heat provided the necessary boost of energy for the polymers to form the final bonds that gave the nanoribbons their final shape: hexagonal rings composed of carbon atoms, and hydrogen atoms along the edges of the ribbons.
“We're essentially charring the polymers, but we're doing it in a controlled way,” Rubin said.
The process, which took about an hour, yielded graphene nanoribbons just eight carbon atoms wide but thousands of atoms long. The scientists verified the molecular structure of the nanoribbons, which were deep black in color and lustrous, by shining light of different wavelengths at them.
“We looked at what wavelengths of light were absorbed,” Rubin said. “This reveals signatures of the structure and composition of the ribbons.”
The researchers have filed a patent application for the process.
Rubin said the team now is studying how to better manipulate the nanoribbons — a challenge because they tend to stick together.
“Right now, they are bundles of fibers,” Rubin said. “The next step will be able to handle each nanoribbon one by one.”
The study's co-authors include Richard Kaner, a UCLA distinguished professor of chemistry and biochemistry, and of materials science and engineering; Kendall Houk, UCLA's Saul Winstein Professor of Organic Chemistry; Robert Jordan, a former UCLA graduate student; UCLA graduate students Yolanda Li, Cheng-Wei Lin, Janice Lin and Kris Marsh; and Ryan McCurdy, a UCLA undergraduate student.
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Senate may keep some Obamacare taxes in U.S. healthcare overhaul
Washington, June 15 Republican senators trying to repeal Obamacare are forming consensus to keep some of the U.S. healthcare law's taxes they long criticized, in hopes of delaying more drastic funding cuts, particularly to the Medicaid program for the poor and disabled.
Construction is seen on a new housing development along the riverfront in Detroit, Michigan, December 9, 2015. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
WASHINGTON U.S. labor costs recorded their biggest gain since 2007 in the first quarter, suggesting wage growth was picking up as the labor market nears full employment.
The Employment Cost Index, the broadest measure of labor costs, increased 0.8 percent, the largest increase since the fourth quarter of 2007, after rising 0.5 percent in the fourth quarter, the Labor Department said on Friday.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the ECI rising 0.6 percent in the last quarter. In the 12 months through March, labor costs increased 2.4 percent after rising 2.2 percent in the year to December.
(Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
SUNRISE, FLA. (WSVN) - A rollover crash temporarily closed the Sawgrass Expressway in Sunrise, Monday afternoon.
The southbound lanes of the Sawgrass Expressway were closed, at around 12:30 p.m., just before the ramp to Interstate 75.
The accident scene was cleared about 20 minutes later.
According to Florida Highway Patrol officers, there were no life-threatening injuries in the crash.
Two people were treated on the scene and transported to the hospital.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
April 5 Finbond Group Ltd
* FY headline earnings per share will increase to between 17.43 cents and 19.36 cents per share
* FY earnings per share will increase to between 17.32 cents and 19.25 cents per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DETROIT, April 12, Hedge fund manager David Einhorn told Reuters that a key issue in his proxy fight with General Motors Co is the automaker's refusal to allow credit rating agencies to formally rate his plan to restructure GM shares.
Einhorn said in an interview that GM has refused to allow Greenlight to present to credit rating agencies its proposal to split GM stock into two classes: one that pays a dividend and one tied to GM's potential growth.
GM has said the plan would put the company's investment grade credit ratings at risk. Einhorn countered that his plan would give GM more flexibility to retain cash at a time when U.S. auto sales are softening. [Hedge fund manager David Einhorn told Reuters on Tuesday that a key issue in his proxy fight with General Motors Co is the automaker's refusal to allow credit rating agencies to formally rate his plan to restructure GM shares.]
"We think the credit rating process has been unfairly manipulated," Einhorn said. "We call on GM to allow us to work directly with the credit rating agencies."
(Reporting by Joe White; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Just another day in Calabasas, y'all!
Kim Kardashian stepped out in a look from husband Kanye West's Yeezy collection, which included skintight grey bike shorts, a fitted zip-up top, a boob fanny pack (??), and FANTASTIC slouchy thigh-high boots. She looks like a sexy cop from the year 2178 and she's here to arrest you for being TOO SEXY.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Splash News
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Of course, this isn't the first time Kiki has stepped out in Yeezy. In March, she modeled Kanye's collab with Australian brand 2XU. She was a fitness model for the day and she looked amazing doing it:
May 2 OneBeacon Insurance Group Ltd:
* OneBeacon - to be acquired by intact financial corporation for $1.7 billion; deal for $18.10 per share
* OneBeacon- OneBeacon debt of about $275 million to remain outstanding; expects to continue paying qtrly dividends as per past practice prior to deal closing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Trilogy Metals Inc -
* Has signed an agreement with South32 Limited
* Trilogy has granted South32 an option to form a 50/50 joint venture with respect to Trilogy's Alaskan assets
* South32 must contribute a minimum of $10 million each year, for a maximum of 3 years, to keep option in good standing
* To subscribe for 50% of JV, South32 will contribute a minimum of $150 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 30 Lantheus Holdings Inc
* Lantheus announces refinancing of its debt facility
* Lantheus Holdings Inc says closing of a new $275 million term loan facility and a new $75 million five-year cash-flow revolver facility
* Lantheus Holdings Inc says new term loan has an interest rate of libor + 4.50 pct and retains prior term loan's maturity date of June 2022 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
The Orthodox Christian Network welcomes Reverend Deacon Nikolas Delaveris to their programming
Contact
Presvytera Mallory Kasapakis, Media Relations
***@myocn.net Presvytera Mallory Kasapakis, Media Relations
End
-- The Orthodox Christian Network (OCN) is taking on the world of addiction with it's latest podcast to join their programming:Addiction and Orthodoxy with host Reverend Deacon Nikolas Delaveris. It will be live on OCN's airwaves beginningThe first podcast entitled: Living in a Foreign Land: Understanding Addiction from a Clinically-Orthodox Perspective, will focus on an introduction to addiction—both from a clinical perspective and a spiritual—as well as the stages of addiction and what to expect. Deacon Nikolas hopes to educate people on the complexity of addiction, various forms of addiction and the recovery. He will also be featuring real stories on the topic."Former Surgeon General Vivek Murthy once said 'Nearly 1 in 7 will face drug addiction in the USA alone.'This growing epidemic is something the OCN has been compelled to face with its listeners." Says Eleni Alexiou, Managing Director of OCN. "We know many of our followers have faced addiction or have someone they care about who is struggling through it now. Our desire is to provide a place where our listeners can learn more about addiction and the road to recovery. We also wanted to remind those that are suffering that the Orthodox faith can provide strength for those even in the hardest of places."Deacon Nikolas holds a Master of Divinity from Holy Cross Greek Orthodox School of Theology, and a Certificate of Completion from the Addictions Counselor Education Program, University of Massachusetts, Boston. Over the last five years, he has served as an Addictions/Behavioral Health Counselor to a various Mental Health Clinics, Recovery Homes, and Outpatient Programs in both Boston, MA and the DC Metropolitan area.The Orthodox Christian Network (OCN) is an official agency of the Assembly of Canonical Bishops of the United States of America, originally commissioned by SCOBA to create a national, sustainable, and effective media witness for Orthodox Christianity throughout North America.For more information on The Orthodox Christian Network, please visit: http://www.Myocn.net For many years OCN followed the growth in the media and technology world offering the latest in communicating the gospel through radio programs both land based and online, podcasts, blogs, video and social media. The numbers of individuals interacting with the OCN now are amongst the highest in the area of faith based media ministry outreaches. They are also the only Orthodox non-profit telecommunicating work force, with satellite offices in DC, Boston and Florida. Their mission is to strengthen Orthodox Christian communities and to share the timeless faith of Orthodoxy with the contemporary world through modern media: radio, the Internet, podcasts, DVDs, television and more. They wish to inspire the Orthodox everywhere, nurture children in the faith, welcome back those who have lapsed and with the joyful, Christ-centered message of the Church, reach out to invite and lovingly welcome all those outside of the Orthodox Christian family.
SHANGHAI, March 31 Shanghai stocks snapped a four-session losing streak on Friday but still posted their biggest weekly loss since mid-December as concerns over tighter liquidity and curbs on property investment dampened investors' risk appetite.
The blue-chip CSI300 index rose 0.6 percent to 3,456.05 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 0.4 percent to 3,222.51.
For the week, the CSI was down 1 percent, while SSEC sank 1.4 percent. For the month, the CSI was down 0.1 pct, while SSEC shed 0.6 pct.
China fund managers recommend reducing equity exposure for the next three months as worries including tighter liquidity remain, even as fresh data indicated the economy is steadying and improving, a monthly Reuters poll showed.
Earlier on Friday, the central bank skipped open market operations for the sixth straight session.
For the week, the central bank drained a net 290 billion yuan ($42.08 billion), compared with a net injection of 80 billion yuan a week earlier.
The cost of borrowing short-term cash against bonds at the nation's stock exchanges more than tripled to as much as 32 percent on Thursday as smaller financial institutions scrambled for funds before a central bank health-check on the banking industry.
The property market was another area of concern as an increasing number of cities put additional curbs on home purchases to cool heated prices.
A government think tank urged authorities to guard against risks in the property and financial sectors by properly managing monetary and land supply "floodgates", adding to worries about more restrictions on property developers.
An index track the nation's major developers slid 2.5 percent for the week, its worst week in three months. ($1 = 6.8912 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2p5snBy
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2p5hMGF
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2p5gGuC
By John Kemp
LONDON, April 12 Oil market rebalancing has been pushed back by a few months rather than pushed off course, if recent movements in crude futures prices are to be believed.
Brent futures prices for June delivery have risen in 10 of the last 11 trading sessions by a total of more than $5 per barrel.
Brent has now recovered all its previous losses after the sell that began on March 8 and continued through March 23 (tmsnrt.rs/2p5snBy).
In contrast to the recovery in flat prices, Brent calendar spreads have remained weak and showed no signs of strengthening.
The calendar spread between Brent for delivery in June and December 2017 has remained in an overall contango of 82 cents per barrel (tmsnrt.rs/2p5hMGF).
Brent spreads for the second half of 2017 have not tightened significantly and remain well below the peak set in February.
However, the overall spread weakness conceals very different performance for different months within the second half.
Spreads for June and July have continued to weaken while spreads later in the year have been strengthening in recent sessions (tmsnrt.rs/2p5gGuC).
ALL ABOUT TIMING
Calendar spreads have become the major battleground among traders about the timing of any draw down in crude stocks.
Hedge funds built record long positions in both flat prices and calendar spreads between December and February anticipating an early rebalancing and move into backwardation.
In the event, the positions proved premature, contributing to a sharp correction in spreads (from late February) and flat prices (from early March).
But believers in rebalancing mostly think that the movement to backwardation has been postponed rather than aborted.
Most traders still anticipate a draw down in crude stocks this year but now think it will be evident in late summer and autumn rather than spring.
The repositioning of tightness within the spreads is consistent with the evolving views of prominent hedge fund managers.
“I think the market will switch to backwardation, sustainable backwardation, by late summer,” fund manager Pierre Andurand said late last month.
Andurand has been one of the most prominent oil bulls, forecasting supply would fall short of demand (“One of the world's best-known oil traders is predicting prices to recover to $70 a barrel”, CNBC, March 31).
Goldman Sachs, one of the most influential banks in commodities, and another spread bull, has also counselled traders to be patient (“Patience is working, but reflation requires time”, April 12).
Goldman forecasts “a relatively steep level of backwardation later this year” driven by “expected inventory draws in the second quarter that we remain confident in”.
Goldman is restating a position it has articulated for some time (“Goldman takes on the Brent spreads”, Reuters, March 28).
The recent strengthening of both flat prices and spreads for later in the year indicates the view is a popular one.
FORWARD POSITIONING
Crude inventories in the United States have continued to rise since the start of the year, which has contributed to doubts about progress towards rebalancing.
But reported stocks in the United States and elsewhere in the OECD may be rising because previously hidden stockpiles are being moved to more visible locations.
OPEC's production cuts have started to drain crude stocks from floating storage as well as tank farms in the Caribbean and South Africa (“OPEC's war on oil overhang starts to bear fruit”, Reuters, April 11).
Producer stocks held by Saudi Arabia and Iran have drained into the market where they have become more visible (“Saudi Arabia tries to drain oil stocks while protecting customer relationships”, Reuters, March 23).
Crude stocks look like they are being moved forward along the supply chain closer to the major consumption centres ready to be delivered to refiners.
(Updating with more comment throughout)
BEIJING, March 30 PetroChina will consider taking part in national oil giant Saudi Aramco's initial public offering based on market conditions, it said on Thursday, the second Chinese oil major to discuss becoming an investor this week.
"Saudi Aramco has raised this plan to PetroChina," president and vice-chairman Wang Dongjin said on Thursday at a briefing following the announcement of China's largest oil and gas producer's 2016 results.
"I think we will make our evaluation and study based on the market situation," Wang said.
On Monday, Sinopec Corp said the Aramco president had visited the firm and both sides would have talks on the IPO, which is expected to be the world's largest equity sale.
Wang said PetroChina was also in talks with Aramco on its Yunnan Petrochemical plant and about the possibility of supplying its enhanced oil recovery technology to Saudi oil fields.
"We are also having discussions on the joint venture Yunnan Petrochemical. We are making very active progress," he said.
Sources told Reuters in 2015 that Aramco was looking to invest $1-1.5 billion in its new refinery in the country's southwest. [nL3N1H13NV ]
The company expects oil prices to range between $50-58 per barrel this year, recovering from the multi-year lows hit early in 2016.
(Reporting by Gabriel Yiu and Raffaele Huang; Writing by Josephine Mason; Editing by Tom Hogue and Susan Thomas)
LONDON, March 30 Britain was in not seeking to threaten Europe when it said cooperation in fighting terrorism would be weakened if it left the European Union without a comprehensive deal, Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday.
Prime Minister Theresa May triggered the formal Brexit process on Wednesday with a letter to the EU Council President Donald Tusk that said "our cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism would be weakened" if Britain leaves the EU without a new deal.
"This is not a threat," Davis told BBC Radio on Thursday. "This is a statement of the fact that this will be harmful for both of us... if we don't get a deal. It's an argument for having a deal."
"We're after a fully comprehensive deal that covers trade, covers security, covers all the aspects of our existing relationship and tries to preserve as much of the benefits for everybody as we can."
"That I think is a perfectly reasonable point to make, and not in any sense a threat," he said. (Reporting by Kate Holton and Alistair Smout, editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
FILE PHOTO: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) seal is pictured on a gate outside the RBI headquarters in Mumbai, February 2, 2016. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/File photo
After catching the market on the wrong side on two earlier occasions, the first monetary policy of the new fiscal year moved in tandem with market expectations. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept its repo rate unchanged at 6.25 percent and reiterated the neutral monetary stance assumed in its previous policy in February.
The RBI has also indicated a change in its liquidity management framework, particularly management of surplus liquidity. As a result, it narrowed the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) corridor - the difference between the repo rate and the reverse repo on one hand and marginal standing facility (MSF) and bank rate on the other (from +/-50bps to +/- 25 bps). Hence, the reverse repo rate has gone up by 25 bps to 6 percent and the MSF rate has fallen by 25 bps to 6.50 percent.
The objective of narrowing the monetary policy rate corridor is to ensure that short-term interest rates remain close to the policy rate. RBI has outlined various tools that could be deployed to achieve this goal, including variable rate reverse repo auctions with preference for longer tenors, operations under MSS and OMOs, and issuances of cash management bills. Lowering the corridor will further reduce the call money market volatility and the weighted average call money rate that remains within the LAF corridor. Also, given the surplus liquidity, banks can park surplus funds with RBI and earn a higher return.
We think the RBI has taken a very pragmatic stance based on wider market conditions. For 2017-18, inflation is projected to average 4.5 percent in the first half of the year and 5 percent in the second half. As per CSO data, RBI has pegged Gross Value Added (GVA) growth for the current fiscal at 7.4 percent as against 6.7 percent last year, based on the following emerging trends:
1. The global environment is improving, with global output and trade projected by multilateral agencies to gather momentum in 2017. Accordingly, external demand should support domestic growth.
2. Several favorable domestic factors are expected to drive this acceleration in GVA growth –
(a) The pace of re-monetisation will continue to trigger a rebound in discretionary consumer spending. Activity in cash-intensive retail trade, hotels and restaurants, transportation and unorganised segments has largely been restored.
(b) There will be significant improvement in transmission of past policy rates. Retail lending rates, in particular housing loans, have declined. However, the pressure will be on banks to pass on the same benefits to existing customers.
(c) The Union Budget has proposed large government investments and this should stimulate capital expenditure, rural demand, and social and physical infrastructure.
(d) The imminent rollout of the GST, the institution of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, and the abolition of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board will boost investor confidence and bring in efficiency gains.
Downside risks to the projected growth path may come from the outturn of the south-west monsoon and oil price volatility in the international market given the situation in Syria.
Broadly, we expect lending rates to continue to remain relatively low due to surplus liquidity with banks and transmission of previous policy rates. But corporate lending is yet to pick up due to various factors, including high NPA levels resulting in limited appetite for the banking sector to lend to corporates. The policy is silent on tackling stressed assets so the RBI may perhaps delve into the issue separately.
The central bank remains committed to bringing inflation closer to 4.0 percent on a stable basis and in a calibrated manner. Accordingly, inflation developments have to be closely and continuously monitored.
Given these backdrops, RBI has taken a wait-and-watch policy. In due course of time, the central bank will have much more clarity on global factors like global growth outlook, U.S. market movements, oil price volatility, monsoon behaviour and domestic demand. Till then, we expect the neutral stance on policy rates to continue.
(Kuntal Sur is Partner, Financial Services - Risk and Regulation Leader - at PwC India)
July is here and people once again are hungry for the Fourth, finding all of the best deals on fireworks and sending them off with family and friends. The local firework dealers should expect a lot of great business, especially with the national holiday landing in the middle of the week.
Find out more about fireworks ordinances, safety tips and where to buy them locally in the July 2 edition of the Times-Record.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for Mexico to take urgent action in the northern border city of Nuevo Laredo, where at least 23 people have disappeared since the start of February.
The human rights authority says there are strong indications that a federal security force is responsible. It says a local human rights organization believes there have been at least 40 such disappearances.
In a statement Wednesday, the U.N. office said that it had documented the disappearances of 21 males and two females, including at least five minors.
According to statements to U.N. investigators, the disappearances typically occur at night while the victims are walking along or driving on roads. Sometimes their burned and bullet-riddled vehicles are found on roadsides.
SINGAPORE, April 5 Oil prices climbed on Wednesday on signs of gradual tightening in a market bloated by years of overproduction that has left storage tanks around the world brimming with unsold fuel.
Prices for front-month Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil, were at $54.28 per barrel at 0149 GMT, up 11 cents from their last close.
In the United States, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were up 16 cents at $51.19 a barrel.
Traders said that slowly tightening market conditions were driving price rises, with the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) leading an effort to cut output.
With most of OPEC's crude exported on tankers, tracking ship movements can be a good gauge of market conditions.
Shipped oil supplies have reduced by as much as 17 percent since the beginning of the year, according to oil analysis firm Vortexa.
"We have seen a significant reduction in global oil supply since January, with oil on water going from 978 million barrels on Jan. 1 to 812 million barrels on April 3," said Vortex chief executive Fabio Kuhn.
"These changes are a signal that the rebalancing is happening faster than many in the market believe."
Oil trading data in Thomson Reuters Eikon shows that OPEC shipments to the rest of the world fell to 813.7 million barrels by the end of March from 796.6 million barrels in January.
But the tighter markets will only gradually lead to a reduction in bloated inventories as production in some countries, especially the United States, is rising.
U.S. crude stocks fell by 1.8 million barrels last week to 533.7 million, still a near all-time record, according to data released late Tuesday from the American Petroleum Institute.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration will issue its inventory figures on Wednesday.
At the heart of the bloated U.S. market is rising production, especially from shale drillers.
The U.S. rig count drilling for new oil rose for an 11th straight week last week to 662, making the first quarter the strongest for rig additions since mid-2011, according to energy services firm Baker Hughes said.
Following a slump in 2015 and 2016, U.S. oil production C-OUT-T-EIA has risen 8.5 percent since mid-2016 to 9.15 million barrels per day (bpd), the same level output stood at in 2014 when the market downturn began. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Joseph Radford)
This is the worst France team I have witnessed in my lifetime.
You may have to go back to the late 1940s to find a French team so bereft of world-class players.
I do not make these statements with any joy. I am a Francophile, and adore the French culture and way of life. In my rugby life, French rugby was the light on a hill. A beacon of Latin creativity, burning brightly with counterattack, offloading and length-of-the-field running rugby.
In the two greatest games I have witnessed, it was the French who transformed rugby into a joyous, spiritual happening. The two Rugby World Cup semi-finals in 1987 against Australia and in 1999 against New Zealand were scripted for French defeat.
The audacious self-belief and creativity that was French rugby made the impossible become truth. France won both games with outrageous flair and panache. To view their play, decades latter, still brings superlatives to mind.
Now that light on the hill is extinguished and the game of rugby is deeply lessened by its passing.
International teams win when their domestic systems are producing quality players. Ireland is enjoying international success because its provinces, academies and schools systems are producing high-quality players.
French clubs are flooded with foreign players. A perfect example is Montpellier, who in the recent Champions Cup match against Glasgow selected only five French players. Against Exeter, Montpellier selected five South Africans and three Georgians, and only three French players made the starting team.
Magnificent system
French rugby has a magnificent system of academies. Each club has a centre de formation that is centrally funded by the French Rugby Federation (FFR). Unlike Leinster, who have developed and strengthened their academy systems, many French clubs devote the bare minimum of resources to the survival of their centres de formation.
French club presidents are ploughing tens of millions of euro into their clubs. They rightly demand results. The long-term athletic development of French players has become secondary to an ever-growing arms race of buying talent to win matches. The short-term fix of contracting foreign players rather than the long-term development of homegrown talent is across the entire French system. Top 14 and Pro D2 are awash with players from South Africa and the Pacific Islands because they can easily get visas for France.
Over the last decade the three France coaches, Marc Lièvremont, Phillippe Saint-André and Guy Novès were the scapegoats. They were widely abused because of poor results. The real truth, which much of the French rugby community will not face, is that the French rugby system has stopped producing world-class players.
Despite the continued growth in popularity of the Top 14 competition, there are simply not enough quality French players in France.
Until the FFR stops the clubs from importing huge numbers of southern hemisphere players and forces them to invest in developing the ocean of talent that is washing around in their academy system, in both Top 14 and Pro D2, then Jacques Brunel is only months away from following Guy Novès.
The one ace in Brunel's hand is that Ireland have not a clue how this French team will play. With a completely new staff and many experienced players injured or not selected, France is a strangely unknown quantity.
Highly unsettling
This will be highly unsettling for Joe Schmidt and his players, who place a very high emphasis on analysing opposition teams. Frustratingly for Schmidt and his team, they have no performance to evaluate, as this French group of players and coaches have never played a game together.
This sad state of affairs in French rugby creates an enormous opportunity for Ireland. It has been decades since Ireland travelled to Paris in the knowledge that if they play to their potential they will win and win well
While Ireland will go into the match with no idea how the French will play, it is highly possible the French players will be in the same position. The reality is, this is a very poor selection of French players, with a coaching team that has been thrown together. The group have had little time to prepare. The French November series was a disaster. There is no evidence that their form will change in the Six Nations.
As my Dad would have said, regarding the French chances of victory, “They are Bob Hope's brother . . . No Hope.”
Rugby needs a powerful France. The murmuring around the systemic problems have started bubbling, but there is lot more pain for French rugby before the problems are resolved.
This sad state of affairs in French rugby creates an enormous opportunity for Ireland. It has been decades since Ireland travelled to Paris in the knowledge that if they play to their potential they will win and win well.
Over many years the IRFU has invested heavily in its internal systems. Irish clubs and provincial teams are overwhelmingly filled with local talent that has been developed through the schools and academy systems.
Irish rugby has a long tradition of importing new rugby techniques and ideas by contracting quality foreign coaches. The Irish philosophy is simple. Develop local Irish players and import the best technical knowledge from around the world to educate the players and Irish coaches. France has done the opposite, with many foreign players and many French coaches.
The Irish long-term approach to player development takes patience, faith and trust.
For Irish rugby, Saturday has been long time coming. The seeds of its success were planted long ago. With some blood, sweat, belief and passion, a vital victory should go to the men in green.
Smriti's Heartfelt Message
One of the most watched Indian television soaps, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi completes 18 years, and this is how the creator Ekta Kapoor and actress Smriti Irani took a dig at it. The family drama that first aired in the year 2000 gained immense popularity during its tenure and Smriti Irani, who played the role of Tulsi became a household name!
Ekta Kapoor Trolls The Character
Upon reading Smriti's post, Ekta Kapoor commented on one of the characters on the show. She rather trolled the character Mihir, that was often played by different actors. The director said, "Hahahah har hafte mihir badalte the",which translates to, each week a different person played Mihir's role. - (sic)
Smriti Irani's Reply To Ekta's Trolling
Agreeing to what Ekta Kapoor said about Mihir's role being played by different actors each week, Smriti Irani replied, "tell me about it!! Daily set pe aake poochna padta tha kal wala Mihir hai ki gaya." - (sic)
Ekta Says KSBKBT Changed Her Life
Ekta Kapoor also had a very sweet message to share with her fans and cast on the occasion of the show completing 18 years. She took to her Instagram handle to post an old picture taken alongside Smriti Irani and captioned it as, "18 years ago this day @starplus and @sameern changed my life ! N a star unimaginable from a relatively new medium was born @smritiiraniofficial ! Thanku @ronitboseroy @shobha9168 @rajeshjoshi n all who made this show #18yearsofkyunkiandkbc #18yearsofkyunkisaasbhikabhibahuthi"- (sic)
One Of The Longest Running Shows!
Unlike many family dramas that fail to impress the audience, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi aired for a period of 8 years with a total of 1833 episodes! The legendary show was one of its kind that defined and re-defined family values in various ways. Would you be excited to see a sequel to this show? Write in the comments below.
March 28 Obsido SOCIMI SA:
* Said on Monday that its shareholders had approved the acquisition of one hotel, one aparthotel, one building and plot in Sierra Nevada for 29.0 million euros ($31.5 million)
* The shareholders also agreed to change the company's name
* The application with three names was submitted to the Registro Mercantil Central
Source text: bit.ly/2nGIOmS
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9200 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Graeme McDowell is confident he can put the saga of his missing clubs behind him in order to qualify for the Open Championship.
McDowell was forced to pull out of final qualifying on Tuesday after his clubs failed to arrive in Manchester following last week's French Open, but the former US Open champion can avoid missing the Open for the second year in succession by claiming one of the three places on offer at either this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open or next week's Scottish Open.
"My game is in good shape, I made 19 birdies last week in France but just a few too many mistakes," McDowell told a pre-tournament press conference in Ballyliffin.
"I was able to flick the switch and start thinking about the Irish Open on Tuesday morning when I spoke to someone at Air France who was willing to physically go and locate my clubs. Before then we weren't sure if we'd ever see them again.
"I'm very keen on putting this whole story behind me and I'll have to play well either this week or at Gullane to make sure I'm at Carnoustie."
SHANGHAI, March 29 China stocks slid on Wednesday, posting losses for the third day in a row amid concerns over liquidity and tighter polices as the money market saw a net drain for a fourth consecutive day after the central bank skipped open market operations.
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.1 percent, to 3,465.19 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.4 percent to 3,241.31 points.
Eight port operators, including Rizhao Port and Dalian Port surged by their 10 percent trade limit, after the Baltic Exchange's main sea freight index - a closely watched barometer of global trade - climbed to the highest in over two years.
"The Baltic index, as well as recent U.S. economic data, all point to improving global trade conditions," said Wu Kan, Shanghai-based head of equity trading at investment firm Shanshan Finance.
Wu said the surge in port operators was an extension of the recent fervour for stocks related to "One Belt, One Road" initiative. The plan is a signature foreign and economic policy of Chinese President Xi Jinping, envisioning massive infrastructure spending to link China to the rest of Asia and Europe.
Gains also reflected expectations that Xi's meeting with his U.S. counterpart Donald Trump next month would help reduce the chance of a Sino-U.S. trade war, Wu added.
An index tracking stocks related to the initiative advanced 1.2 percent to close at a 15-month high.
But concerns about liquidity and tighter policy measures kept the markets in check.
On Wednesday, the central bank skipped open market operations for the fourth straight day, saying liquidity levels remained "appropriate". Its inaction resulted in a fourth consecutive session of net drains ahead of month- and quarter-end, when conditions typically tighten.
Property developers continued to struggle as local governments stepped up cooling measures to curb high prices.
Moody's Investors Service warned on Wednesday that China's economy would face heightened risks from a potential property downturn, with authorities' possessing limited scope to offset the impact.
Banking stocks were little changed, after major lenders Bank of Communications (BoCom) and Agricultural Bank of China (AgBank) reported modest annual profit growth.
Investors continued their retreat from smaller-caps, with newly-listed stocks the worst performers for the second session, as stock exchanges plan to tighten regulation on day-to-day trading activities by financial institutions. The measures are believed to dampen speculation on newly-listed plays.
The tech-heavy start-up board index ChiNext closed down 0.8 percent at its lowest level in nearly one month. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch)
BERLIN, April 5 Germany on Wednesday accused Russia and Iran of carrying some responsibility for a suspected chemical weapons attack by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces that killed scores of people in a rebel-held area.
"The federal government sees responsibility lying with Russia and Iran as allies of the Assad regime," a German government spokeswoman told a regular news conference in Berlin.
"We are convinved that without their massive military support the regime would have long ago had to agree to serious negotiations about a political solution," she added. (Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Andrea Shalal)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
March 29 AB Dynamics Plc:
* Says revenues and operating profits for six months to Feb 28, 2017 are expected to be ahead of same period last year and in line with management expectations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
PHNOM PENH (Reuters) - Cambodia's government adopted a lese majeste law on Friday that would make it a crime to insult the king and which rights group said they feared could be used to target opponents.
Prime Minister Hun Sen's cabinet said an article had been added into the constitution to make an insult to the monarchy a crime punishable by between one and five years in a prison and a fine of between $500 and $2,500.
In a statement after a cabinet meeting, it said the measure was “to uphold and defend His Majesty the King and His Honor”.
No date has been set for the National Assembly to adopt the final law, but the dominance of Hun Sen's supporters in parliament means its passage is almost guaranteed.
Although King Norodom Sihamoni is Cambodia's head of state, authoritarian leader Hun Sen has dominated the Southeast Asian country for more than 33 years.
Right groups said they feared the new law could also be used to target critics of the government, which last year had the main opposition party shut down and its leader, Kem Sokha, arrested on treason charges he says were politically driven.
“The cabinet's approval of a lese-majeste law appears to be a further attempt by the government to weaponize the country's legislation against its perceived opponents,” said Kingsley Abbott, ICJ's Senior International Legal Adviser.
“The Government's ongoing misuse of the law is particularly concerning given the lack of independent and impartial judges to provide appropriate checks and balances on its power,” he added.
Neigbouring Thailand has the world's toughest lese majeste law, with sentences of up to 15 years for each offence of royal insult.
Prosecutions under the Thai law have risen since a 2014 coup and critics of the junta say it has been used as a means to silence any dissent.
Fighter jets flew overhead in the missing-man formation during a Southern California memorial for a U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds pilot who was killed in a crash during training.
Fighter jets flew overhead in the missing-man formation during a Southern California memorial for a U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds pilot who was killed in a crash during training.
The Air Force Thunderbirds on Tuesday resumed operations over the Nevada Test and Training Range near Las Vegas.
The Air Force Thunderbirds on Tuesday resumed operations over the Nevada Test and Training Range near Las Vegas.
Maj. Nick “Khan” Krajicek will return to the Thunderbirds. (Source: U.S. Air Force)
A veteran U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds pilot is returning to the aerial demonstration team to replace a colleague who died during a training flight three weeks ago.
An Air Force statement said Thursday that while Maj. Nick Krajicek requalifies, the six-member team has canceled plans to appear at air shows this weekend in Charleston, South Carolina, and next weekend in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Air Force Master Sgt. Christopher Boitz at Nellis Air Force Base confirmed that Krajicek is returning to the Thunderbird 4 slot position he held in 2016 and 2017.
The Air Force is investigating the April 4 crash of an F-16 Fighting Falcon that killed Maj. Stephen Del Bagno in the remote Nevada Test and Training Range north of Las Vegas.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Wisconsin remodeler receives Guildmaster Award, which recognizes select few companies across U.S. for exceptional customer service
Klassen Remodeling & Design, providing award-winning customer service
Contact
Klassen Remodeling & Design
***@lunarcommunications.us
262-754-3770 Klassen Remodeling & Design262-754-3770
End
-- Klassen Remodeling & Design has received a 2018 Guildmaster Award for its commitment to service excellence, based on customer surveys by an independent rating agency.Klassen Remodeling & Design was among 113 remodeling firms nationwide recognized by GuildQuality for delivering exceptional customer experiences. GuildQuality, a third-party customer satisfaction surveying company, has powered the Guildmaster Award since 2005 to celebrate service excellence among home builders, remodelers, and contractors."We are both thrilled and honored by this Guildmaster award, as it directly reflects the experiences of our clients," said Ron Klassen, CAPS, CKBR, and Lead Designer of Klassen Remodeling & Design. "We value our clients' feedback. Above all, this positive affirmation encourages us to not only maintain the high level of satisfaction we've achieved, but tofind even more ways to exceed their expectations."GuildQuality reviewed thousands of survey responses submitted by customers of Guildmaster candidates. In determining the companies to be recognized with the Guildmaster Award, GuildQuality considered two primary metrics: the percentage of customers who would recommend the business, and the percentage of customers who responded.Klassen Remodeling & Design ( https://www.guildquality.com/ KlassenRemodelingandDesign ) scored a 100 percent rating in 12 of the 14 categories, and above 90 percent in the other two. In the most telling, "Would recommend," the Butler-based firm scored 100 percent.The quality of the firm's work has recently been recognized in other venues. Klassen Remodeling & Design ( https://www.klassenremodeling.com/ testimonials/ ) won two Silver Wisconsin Remodeler Awards in 2017 from the Milwaukee chapter of the National Association of the Remodeling Industry (NARI). The firm received a "Best of Houzz 2016" award from Houzz, the leading online platform for home remodeling and design.Founded in 1975 as Wallner Builders, Klassen Remodeling & Design offers professional, innovative home remodeling and design services for clients throughout Milwaukee and southeastern Wisconsin. More information is available by calling (262) 754-3770, visiting www.KlassenRemodeling.com, or following the company on Facebook.
Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) YouTube said on Thursday it would place ads on channels only if they reach 10,000 views as it tries to weed out people who make money on the site by stealing content from other sources.
The video streaming service also said once a video channel crosses the threshold, it would review the content to see if it qualifies for the placement of ads. (bit.ly/2o7vqI2)
"By keeping the threshold to 10k views, we also ensure that there will be minimal impact on our aspiring creators," Ariel Bardin, YouTube's vice president of product management, said in a blog post.
YouTube has come under intense scrutiny for ads appearing alongside videos carrying homophobic or anti-Semitic messages, prompting a number of companies to suspend their digital ads on the video streaming service.
The company vowed an overhaul of its practices last month, saying it has started an extensive review of its advertising policies.
While brands have demanded greater control over the videos where their ads appear, the step taken by YouTube this week is likely too small to allay those concerns, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research.
"Most of these (extremist) videos are going to get more viewers than that anyway," Dawson said of the 10,000-view threshold set by YouTube. "They're popular among the particular audience that they are targeting."
YouTube also said on Thursday that in a few weeks it would add a review process for new creators who apply to be in the YouTube Partner Program, which lets creators monetize content on YouTube in many ways, including advertisements, paid subscriptions and merchandise.
Any revenue earned on channels with under 10,000 views up until Thursday will not be impacted, YouTube said.
As it grapples with the advertiser revolt, YouTube must walk a fine line between giving advertisers more control and alienating the creators who drive the site's popularity, analysts say.
While some fear small creators could be hurt by restrictions, the 10,000-view threshold is so low that it will not hamper any people who make a living from their channels, said Jonathan Katz, an entertainment lawyer who represents YouTube artists. Creators understand that YouTube must protect its image to retain the ad dollars they depend on, he said.
"As frustrated as (creators) might be with the YouTube ecosystem at times, they understand that their fates are tied," he said.
(Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru and Julia Love in San Francisco; editing by Anil D'Silva and Dan Grebler)
March 31 Vantage Development SA
* Fedha sp. z o.o. (Fedha) has bought 15.1 mln shares in the tender bid for Vantage Development shares, the intermediary in the transaction DM PKO BP said on Thursday
* In Feb. Fedha announced the tender offer for 18,783,120 shares representing 30.08 pct stake in Vantage Development
* On March 24 Fedha hiked the price for the shares to 3.70 zlotys per share from 3.25 zlotys
Source text: bit.ly/2oiudPl
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Bajrangi Bhaijaan star Salman Khan, whose new movie Tubelight attempts to highlight the futility of wars, says such acts of violence between nations can stop if those who "order" wars are sent to the front and asked to fight.
"I think those who order war should be sent to the war front, given guns and asked to fight first. It will stop in one day. Their hand and legs will start trembling... It will stop and they will go straight to the table and have discussions," Salman told IANS.
Tubelight, directed by Kabir Khan, dwells on the 1962 border conflict between India and China. Salman features in the movie with Sohail.
Also Read: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan Looks So Gorgeous On This Magazine Cover (Vintage Pics)
"We have used the India-China war as a backdrop for the film. We've only touched that... and basically convey that war should get over soon so that our soldiers come back to us and their soldiers go back to their country. Whenever a war happens, soldiers from both sides die, leaving many families without their sons or fathers," Salman added.
His brother Sohail, who plays a soldier in the film, said: "If you ask anybody if a war is good or bad, no one will say a war is good. Whatever the conflicts, they should be solved across the table. It's a negative emotion. Nobody supports it, but it happens and nobody knows why."
Earlier, Salman and Kabir's Bajrangi Bhaijaan emerged a blockbuster by showcasing a heart-warming tale of a Hindu man who goes out of his way to ensure that he unites a lost mute Pakistani girl with her family across the border. The movie was loved equally in India and Pakistan.
Their film Tubelight, releasing later this month, also features a song by Pakistani singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan.
IBM X-Force Finds over 4 Billion Records Leaked in 2016
The number of records compromised by data breaches grew an historic 566 percent in 2016 from 600 million to more than 4 billion, according to IBM Security's X-Force Threat Intelligence Index.
The leaked records include types of data that cybercriminals have traditionally targeted such as credit cards, passwords, and personal health information. But IBM also found a shift in cybercriminal strategies last year, with a number of significant breaches related to unstructured data such as email archives, business documents, intellectual property, and source code.
Spam Surges on Back of Ransomware
"Cybercriminals continued to innovate in 2016 as we saw techniques like ransomware move from a nuisance to an epidemic," said Caleb Barlow, vice president of threat intelligence, IBM Security. "While the volume of records compromised last year reached historic highs, we see this shift to unstructured data as a seminal moment. The value of structured data to cybercriminals is beginning to wane as the supply outstrips the demand. Unstructured data is big-game hunting for hackers and we expect to see them monetize it this year in new ways."
In a separate study last year, IBM Security found 70 percent of businesses impacted by ransomware paid more than $10,000 to regain access to business data and systems. In the first three months of 2016, the FBI estimated cybercriminals were paid a reported $209 million via ransomware.
IBM blamed the rise in ransomware last year on the increased willingness of enterprises to pay off cybercriminals who hijack their data. The primary delivery method for ransomware last year was via malicious attachments in spam emails, the company said.
That fueled a 400 percent increase in spam year over year, with roughly 44 percent of spam containing malicious attachments. Ransomware made up 85 percent of malicious attachments in 2016.
Shift from Healthcare Back to Financial Services
While the healthcare sector was the most attacked industry in 2015, attackers in 2016 once again focused on financial services, IBM found. While financial services was the most targeted sector last year, it was only third in terms of the number of compromised records, according to the report.
"The lower success rate versus the high volume of attacks in financial services indicates that continued investment in sustained security practices likely helped protect financial institutions," IBM said.
The healthcare industry continued to be beleaguered by a high number of incidents, although attackers focused on smaller targets resulting in a lower number of leaked records. In 2016, only 12 million records were compromised in healthcare -- keeping it out of the five most-breached industries.
Information and communication services companies and government agencies experienced the highest number of incidents and records breached in 2016, according to IBM.
The IBM X-Force Threat Intelligence Index is comprised of observations from more than 8,000 monitored security clients in 100 countries and data derived from non-customer assets, such as spam sensors and honeynets, in 2016. IBM X-Force runs network traps around the world and monitors more than 8 million spam and phishing attacks daily while analyzing more than 37 billion Web pages and images.
HONG KONG China's HNA Holding Group Co. (0521.HK) said it would make an offer to acquire Singapore-listed logistics firm CWT Ltd (CWTD.SI) for $1 billion.
The Chinese conglomerate said in a filing to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange late on Sunday that its subsidiary HNA Belt and Road Investments (Singapore) Pte. Ltd would offer to purchase 600 million CWT shares at S$2.33 apiece, which values the deal at S$1.399 ($0.9962) billion.
Reuters reported in May 2016 citing sources that HNA Group was in talks to acquire CWT for $1 billion. nL3N1832DT
HNA, one of China's most acquisitive conglomerates with businesses spanning aviation to financial services, has been snapping up assets overseas. nL8N1G517Y
CWT, incorporated in 1970 as a private arm of the Port of Singapore Authority, has interests which include logistics services, commodity marketing, financial services and engineering services.
The offer represents a 13.11 percent premium over CWT's last traded price of S$2.06 on Wednesday. HNA said in the filing that it intended to keep CWT's management team.
It said the acquisition would help it to leverage an established international platform, become a leading logistics player and diversify its property investment portfolio.
(Reporting by Sijia Jiang. Editing by Jane Merriman)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa want to make Sam Johnstone their goalkeeper for the long-term future but know the only way to keep him at the club is to win promotion.
The on-loan Manchester United stopper has starred this season and was influential in the latest win at Sheffield United.
No other goalkeeper in the Championship has more clean sheets than Johnstone this season and that's part of the reason why boss Steve Bruce is desperate to sign him up in the summer.
“We hope he will be our keeper for the next five years,” said Bruce.
“That would delight me.
“He is a big tick as far as we are concerned.
“But whether we can do a deal, we will have to wait until the end of the season.”
Money is tight at Villa which is why they couldn't agree a permanent deal in the last window.
Keeping him on board until the end of the season will aid Villa's promotion push but his value is increasing with every passing week.
United triggered a one-year extension in his contract in order to protect themselves from losing him for nothing this summer.
And Villa know there will be other clubs interested, which is why promotion is essential.
Bruce speaking earlier in the month explained how much Johnstone has improved in the 12 months he has been at the club
“Certainly you can see the difference in Sam from a year ago.
“From the moment he walked in the door, you could see him physically develop and grow more confident and get used to playing week in week out.
“He looks a very good goalkeeper right now.
“We are delighted for him - after a difficult start for him.
“He wasn't everyone's cup of tea to start with.
“But the more he has played the more he has matured and developed.
“He looks the real deal at the moment and thats the benefit of playing.
“He has learned more here playing this year than he has in the last five.
“There is no doubt training and working with great players helps but nothing beats playing the game in front of 35,000.”
TEAM NEWS
Aston Villa go in search of a little bit of history against Burton Albion this weekend.
Steve Bruce's side are taking 2018 by storm and recorded a fifth successive Championship win courtesy of Robert Snodgrass' late stunner at Sheffield United on Tuesday.
If Villa can beat Burton - who they dismantled 4-0 at the Pirelli Stadium in September - they will have recorded six league wins on the spin for the first time since 1990.
The claret and blues are third in the Championship and just one point behind Derby County, who take on Brentford on Saturday.
Team news
Villa are expected to be at virtually full strength once again. Jonathan Kodjia (ankle) and back-up goalkeeper Jed Steer (shoulder) remain long term absentees but Bruce should be able to call upon everyone else.
Chris Samba, Henri Lansbury, Andre Green and Gabby Agbonlahor weren't even named on the bench at Bramall Lane, such is the incredibly talented pool of players Bruce has to choose from.
Selection dilemmas
While Villa continue to win it's unlikely Bruce will tinker with his starting XI. However, it's worth mentioning that Axel Tuanzebe didn't join from Manchester United to sit on the bench.
Tuanzebe can play in a number of roles and Bruce has admitted he will ensure the 20-year-old is heavily involved between now and the end of the campaign.
Tuanzebe's preferred central defensive position isn't an option with John Terry and James Chester guaranteed starters so a place at right-back or in midfield appears more likely.
Birkir Bjarnason and Conor Hourihane possess the shirts at present but they're now under huge pressure to maintain their high standards with Tuanzebe and Mile Jedinak breathing down their necks.
Lewis Grabban is expected to be involved in the squad following his loan move from Bournemouth on Deadline Day so Bruce will have a tough decision to make on who drops out of the 18.
Our team
Subs: Bunn, Taylor, Tuanzebe, Jedinak, Onomah, Grabban, Davis
Let us know who you think Bruce should select by using the widget above. Also, feel free to leave your thoughts on Villa's squad depth in the comments section.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
(Adds budget details)
CAIRO, March 29 Egypt's cabinet approved the 2017/18 budget on Wednesday, targeting a 9.1 percent deficit for the year, Finance Minister Amr El-Garhy said.
The government expects the deficit for the current year, ending June 30, to be between 10.5 percent and 10.7 percent, against 12.2 percent last fiscal year.
The 2017/18 budget targets 4.6 percent growth for the year and revenues are expected to reach 818 billion Egyptian pounds ($45.17 billion), Garhy told a news conference after the cabinet meeting. Revenues from taxes are expected to reach 604 billion pounds, while other revenues will amount to 214 billion pounds.
A statement from the Finance Ministry later stated that overall revenues will amount to 830 billion pounds.
Garhy also said interest on debt would reach 380 billion pounds, up from 304 billion pounds in the current year.
Egypt is struggling to revive its economy since a 2011 uprising drove away tourists and foreign investors - two major sources of foreign currency.
In November the central bank abandoned its currency peg of 8.8 per dollar in a move aimed to unlock foreign inflows and secure a $12 billion three-year International Monetary Fund program to support the government's effort to reduce its budget deficit and balance Egypt's currency market.
Egypt successfully sold $4 billion in Eurobonds in January, raising twice as much as it initially targeted and at lower yields than expected.
Garhy said on Wednesday the country's financing plan for the coming year will include a return to international markets by the end of 2017 or early 2018.
He said the budget would assume an oil price of $55 per barrel, and an exchange rate of 16 pounds per dollar.
Planning Minister Hala al-Saeed said the budget will be sent to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and then to parliament by Friday, according to the constitution.
Parliament can either approve it or send it back to the government. If parliament approves the budget it will be signed into law by the president.
($1 = 18.1100 Egyptian pounds) (writing by Asma Alsharif; Editing by Dominic Evans)
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Brazilian oil workers have begun a 72-hour strike on the heels of a crippling nationwide truck drivers' strike that has started winding down after 10 days.
The country's two main oil workers' unions say the strike was called to demand lower fuel prices and the resignation of Pedro Parente, president of state-owned oil company Petrobras.
The strike began Wednesday in defiance of Brazil's top labor court, which declared it illegal and said the unions will have to pay a daily fine of 500,000 reals (about $135,000).
According to the Oil Worker's Federation, the strike has halted production at refineries in six states.
Advertisement
Petrobras said in a statement that contingency teams were operating production units where the strike prevented shift changes from taking place.
The final injury report is out for the Arizona Cardinals. Two players were ruled out, but they are no surprise, while another will be a game-time decision.
Here is the final report:
While receivers J.J. Nelson and John Brown are listed as questionable, both were trending upward during the week. Both should play, though they will be limited and will likely split reps.
Guard Alex Boone was again limited on Friday in practice, although there are questions as to how limited he was.
LG Alex Boone (chest) wasn't present for the open part of #AZCardinals practice. — Kyle Odegard (@Kyle_Odegard) October 6, 2017
Arians suggested Boone could play, but it will be close.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Cards Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
BA How close will Alex Boone be to possibly playing? “Should be close. Could be close.” Earl Watford will be active on game day vs. Eagles. — Mike Jurecki (@mikejurecki) October 6, 2017
If he is unable to go, Earl Watford will likely get the start, giving the Cardinals a fourth starting left guard in five games. Mike Iupati, Boone and Will Holden all have started this season.
Whoever starts at left guard will have a slightly easier job as Philadelphia Eagles defensive tackle Fletcher Cox will not play.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on iTunes or on Stitcher Radio.
SCARBOROUGH – The Storm jumped out huge on Windham in the teams' tournament prelim on Wednesday, June 7, Tim Carion, Cam Seymour and Zoltan Panyi all logging hits in the surge. The Eagles chipped away at their deficit on offense by Tanner Bernier, Tim Greenlaw and others in the third and fourth, but they'd simply fallen too far behind and succumbed 6-4 in the end.
“We didn't play our best defense, which we knew we needed to do, in order to win,” said Windham head coach Brody Artes. “A couple of plays that we didn't make, that we usually do, were the difference in the unearned runs given up by (starting pitcher) Bryce Afthim.”
Carion, Panyi, Wyatt Plummer and Zach Alofs all rounded the bases for Scarborough in the bottom of the first, taking advantage of some early Afthim struggles. Alofs and Carion both scored again in the second.
“Bryce wasn't as sharp at the beginning of the game, leaving a lot of pitches up in the zone,” Artes said. “But at the end of the day he pitched to contact and we just didn't make the plays.”
Scarborough's offense dried up after the second, while Windham's finally warmed up. Bernier and Greenlaw both scored in the third, as did Kobe Lauzier and Cam McCartney in the fourth. The Eagles had made it a game, to be sure. Ultimately, though, they couldn't recover.
“I was proud of the team's overall efforts in being down 6-0 and coming back to give ourselves a chance to tie the game in the later innings,” Artes said. “Just a tough loss overall.”
Artes took a moment to applaud Eagle Zach Skillings, who closed out the afternoon pitching. “Zach did a nice job in relief on the mound,” Artes said.
Windham retires till 2018 at 7-10. Scarborough fell to No. 1 Falmouth 9-2 the following day, exiting the tournament at 10-8.
Adam Birt can be reached at abirt@keepmecurrent.com. Follow him on Twitter: @CurrentSportsME
Windham's Kobe Lauzier shoots back to first, where Dominic Spina of Scarborough hopes to catch him out.
Windham catcher Tanner Bernier turns a play at home as Scarborough runner Matt Cook attempts to score.
- Hideo Itami did not wrestle at Wednesday's NXT television tapings, and was not at last night's NXT live event in Dade City. Although he will not be wrestling any matches on NXT television before NXT Takeover: WarGames, he is listed in updated adverting for the event.
- Tickets are now on sale for the NXT live events in Texas on November 16th in Austin and November 17th in San Antonio, ahead of NXT Takeover: WarGames. Tickets for the Austin show are on sale here, while you can purchase tickets for the San Antonio live event at this link.
- Congratulations to Donovan Dijak, who is the proud father of a baby boy. Dijak posted the photo below of his new son, Connor James Dijak:
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Indonesia is about to publish a medical guide where it has listed homosexuality as a mental disorder, the Health Ministry said on Friday.According to the guide, lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transsexuals community are at risk of mental disorders owing to their sexual orientation, the Ministry's Director of Prevention and Control for Mental Problems told Efe news.The guide is based on two reports -- one drafted in 2016 by the Indonesian Psychiatrists Association (PDSKJI) and the other by the Health Ministry last year.The PDSKJI report said "gays and bisexuals were at risk of emotional problems such as depression owing to identity crises while transsexuals are susceptible to mental diseases".It also recommended certain rights for the LGBT group such as access to treatment and medical awareness.The Ministry document stated that "homosexuality was against the ethos of the country".The Indonesian Parliament is currently discussing an amendment to the penal code to criminalize homosexuality in the country.Homosexuality is legal in Indonesia, except in the Aceh province, in Sumatra island, where the Islamic Sharia law is in force.
April 28 Sonae Capital SGPS SA:
* Said on Thursday that via the unit CapWatt SGPS SA it has reached an agreement with Tecneira Tecnologias Energeticas SA to acquire the company Ventos da Serra Producao de Energia SA (Ventos da Serra) for 29.1 million euros ($31.8 million)
* Ventos da Serra owns and operates a photovoltaic plant with an installed capacity of 10 MW, located at Ferreira do Alentejo
* It has also acquired, from the same entity, the company Lusobrisa Producao de Energia Electrica SA (Lusobrisa) for 5.4 million euros
* Lusobrisa owns a wind farm located in Loures and Arruda dos Vinhos, with installed capacity of 5 MW
* Following these acquisitions, the total installed capacity held or operated by CapWatt's controlled companies will be of 73 MW
Source text: bit.ly/2pFsIeS
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9145 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming he was fired after false allegations that he groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when she reported an assault she truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
Minister for Jobs Michaelia Cash Jobs said the system was designed to make the process of finding a job easier.
Minister for Jobs Michaelia Cash Jobs said the system was designed to make the process of finding a job easier. MICK TSIKAS
BUNDABERG'S unemployed were outraged by the news of a shake-up to Newstart payments this week.
Under the new system, if job seekers fail to attend interviews or apply for a required number of jobs, they will likely lose their Newstart payment.
A report stating job snobs and bludgers who refused to apply for work would have amber and red traffic light colours flash on their phones to warn they are about to lose their welfare payments.
In the major shake-up which started Monday, jobseekers faced a demerit point system which was supported by a new Job Seeker app.
It will provide constant reminders about meeting their obligations. The dashboard will use strong visual and written warnings.
The no-more excuses plan, will use traffic light colours to show whether the job seeker is in the green (fully compliant) zone; the amber (warning) zone; or red (penalty) zone.
Under the new system, if job seekers fail to attend interviews or apply for a required number of jobs, they will likely lose their Newstart payment. It will be reinstated once obligations are met.
If they have no reasonable excuse for failing to meet requirements, a demerit point will be added to their record. The amber indicator will show demerit points and how far to go to the red or penalty zone. Serious failures such as blatantly refusing to work, means immediate loss of payment for four weeks.
Jobs Minister Michaelia Cash said the system was designed to make the process of finding a job easier.
"The new framework is fairer because it recognises that the majority of job seekers do the right thing and should therefore not receive financial penalties,” Senator Cash said.
"It will, however, penalise those who exploit the welfare system by wilfully and repeatedly gaming the rules in order to receive income support payments. This system will reinforce the rights and obligations of both government and those seeking assistance.”
Facebook lit up with Bundy community members against the new system, some saying it was not fair when applicants for jobs outweighed the positions available.
NewsMail Facebook friend Michell Trebbin said she was notified 438 people had applied for one council job and there was a lack of positions available.
"Before everyone goes oh if you really want a job in Bundy you can get one,” she said.
"We know that's not fact for our town. My husband previously applied for a job at the Bundy Council in parks ... and we were notified that 438 people applied for that one job.
"So there are definitely not enough jobs in Bundy.”
Although it may seem there are not many available jobs in the Rum City, the Bundaberg Regional Council said 438 applicantiona were not received for any Park and Open Space position.
"The figure quoted by the jobseeker is not correct,” a spokeswoman said.
"In 2018 there have been four positions advertised for labourers/trainees within Park and Open Spaces with the number of applications received varying from 11 to 92 applications for each role, which clearly demonstrates that council is an employer of choice.”
São Paulo, March 27 Cia Siderúrgica Nacional SA, Brazil's No. 2 listed flat steelmaker, said on Monday that it would miss a regulatory deadline to file fourth-quarter results in the face of an internal reorganization plan.
CSN said in a securities filing that unaudited net revenue rose 1 percent in the fourth quarter from the previous three months. Adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization - a gauge of operational profit known as EBITDA - also rose 1 percent in the period. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Writing by Alonso Soto)
INCREASED patrols and heightened community awareness at Mon Repos beach have led to a man being charged.
Senior Constable Cameron Graham said a man being charged with wilful exposure following overwhelming response from the community after an alleged incident at Mon Repos on Friday last week.
"A 62-year-old male person was charged with wilful exposure after a number of witnesses came forward with reports," Sen-Const Graham said.
"The man will face court next month."
Sen-Const Graham said police made it a priority to patrol all beaches in general, but patrols of the Mon Repos specifically had increased over the past week.
"He obviously didn't read the NewsMail article because he was caught just a few days after the story appeared in the paper," he said.
Last week the NewsMail published the story of reporter Tahlia Stehbens' uncomfortable experience at the beach.
Senior Constable Nigel Schultz said people had historically been charged with offences committed along the Mon Repos strip with people sometimes behaving inappropriately.
"It happens mostly away from the walking tracks, in the bushland area," Sen-Const Schultz said.
"Unfortunately, some websites give false information about it being a meeting point.
"The Mon Repos area is patrolled daily down Moores Rd and we do motorbike patrols through the bike path.
"We also walk through the bushland behind and check licence plates of cars to ensure they aren't wanted for anything."
Sen-Const Schultz said there had been problems with people exposing themselves on the beach but it was mostly due to the fact they thought it was a nudist beach.
"We can usually encourage those people to move on and not come back," Sen-Const Schultz said.
Sen-Const Schultz said people should phone PoliceLink on 131 444 if they saw anything suspicious, or call 000 if they were in immediate danger.
"People should be aware of their surroundings," he said.
"We've never had anybody actually attacked there but I wouldn't advise females to walk alone, especially in this day and age, and use the tracks available."
By Ian Leslie
We all know, of course, that liars are always other people. Lovers who have fallen out accuse one another of deceit; voters declare all politicians liars; the religious charge the godless with hating the truth, while atheists accuse churchgoers of perpetuating the biggest lie of all.
It doesn't matter which side you're on in these arguments, the basic grammar is the same: I am a truth-teller, you try to bamboozle me with a self-serving fiction.
What's strange is that, unlike stealing or murder, lying is a moral crime we all commit - and on a regular basis.
Advertisement
In one study, 147 people were asked to keep a diary for a week and note the number of times they intentionally misled someone. On average, they admitted to lying 1.5 times a day. And that is probably conservative, reports the Daily Mail.
We lie by saying: "I'm fine, thanks" when we're feeling miserable. We lie when we say: "What a beautiful baby" while inwardly noting its resemblance to an alien. And most of us have simulated anger, sadness, affection, or said: "I love you" when we don't mean it.
We tell our children to smile and look grateful for the soap-on-a-rope grandma has given them for their birthday - and perhaps we add that if they don't, Father Christmas won't come this year.
Not only do we make exceptions to the prohibition against lying, sometimes we approve of it. If a doctor tells a bereaved husband his wife died instantly in the crash, rather than the truth - that she spent her last hours in horrific pain - we applaud the doctor's compassion.
We call the lies we like "white lies", but asked to define what makes a lie white we soon get lost in qualifications and contradictions. And while traditionally we frown upon liars, I'd argue that lying is a basic human necessity.
BOOST YOUR FRIENDSHIPS
We exert our powers of deception virtually from birth. One study looked at the deceits children under the age of 1 engage in and, among many examples, found a 9-month-old faking laughter as a way of signalling that he wants to join in with others who are laughing.
Lying is as innate to us as communication - and just as important to our survival.
Most of us have, at some point, perhaps in a cab or around the canteen table, found ourselves faced with a choice between pretending to agree with a political statement in which we don't believe, or being honest and risking an unpleasant argument.
We have to deal with conflicts between our desire to be truthful and our standing in the community - and often we choose to do so by lying.
"Yes, that dress looks lovely on you." "I'm so sorry I'm busy that night." "Of course I don't mind!" White lies are sticking plasters we put over everyday social problems, they're the way we avoid hurting people's feelings.
Don't agree? Just imagine being brutally honest in all of the above situations and what would happen as a result.
YOU'LL FEEL FITTER AND HEALTHIER
Lying to others is only one part of it. There are also the lies we, sometimes unknowingly, tell ourselves. And this self-deception is essential for our health.
Take the research done into a form of laser surgery for heart disease. One study compared patients who'd had the surgery against those who'd had a fake operation. Twelve months later, most of the patients who had undergone the laser surgery were in much better shape.
They revelled in a rediscovered capacity for physical exercise. They reported that their heart pains had receded and that they were feeling healthier and fitter than they had done in years.
Yet the patients in the sham group were also rejuvenated. Despite not having had any treatment, they too felt years younger and the frequency of their angina pains declined.
In terms of effects on patients, there was no significant difference between the groups.
This is an example of the placebo effect, which has shown that if a person is given something they believe will make them feel better, then they will.
It has limits, of course. There's no evidence to suggest it can stop the growth of cancerous tumours, for instance, but if we expect to feel better, we are more likely to get better - even if this expectation is based on a lie.
LIES ARE CRUCIAL FOR RELATIONSHIPS
If you were asked for a short definition of sanity, you would probably say it had something to do with being free of illusions.
But actually it helps our romantic relationships if we see our partners through rose-tinted glasses and see our own actions - in choosing that specific partner, for example - in a flattering light.
There is good reason to think that this particular type of self-deception provided a survival or reproductive advantage and was therefore spread by natural selection.
A degree of unrealistic optimism about ourselves would have helped us survive in the treacherous ancestral environment and to confidently impress potential mates. Now we live in centrally heated houses rather than caves, but we still rely on illusions to carry us through life.
We imagine having children will make us happier even though studies suggest this is, at best, uncertain (anticipating our own happiness isn't the only reason we have children, of course, but it certainly smooths the decision).
We fall in love with a person we believe is uniquely suited to us, and this helps us stick with them for long enough to raise those children.
And - crucially - most people believe their relationships to be better than most others.
FOOL YOURSELF AND BE A GREAT SUCCESS
People who are talented self-deceivers are more likely to be successful at school or in business than those who aren't. Some economists believe countries become economically stagnant when business people are too rational and sensible.
We need over-optimistic entrepreneurs who are prepared to take irresponsible risks.
Without people who are willing to ignore the prevailing wisdom and follow their instincts, many of our biggest innovations and creative leaps forward wouldn't have happened.
Every year, thousands of people with vaulting ambitions start new companies in full awareness that the odds are against them achieving the kind of world-changing success of which they dream.
Most fail or settle for something less, but a few of those companies eventually become Apple or Starbucks or Dyson.
At every turn, it seems, life undermines any strict adherence to truth.
So whether you like it or not, you are a liar.
April 3 Csx Corp :
* On March 30, 2017, Co, Mantle Ridge Group entered into a registration rights agreement - SEC filing
* Mantle Ridge Group owns approximately 4.49% of outstanding shares of common stock of company, par value $1.00 per share Source text : (bit.ly/2oRKCXb) Further company coverage:
LONDON May 2 Greece's short-dated government bond yields held steady on Tuesday morning after the debt-laden country agreed a deal on bailout reforms with its European creditors.
The yield on two-year Greek government bonds was steady at 6.5 percent, flat from the open and up slightly from Friday's close of 6.41 percent. Greece's 10-year borrowing costs were flat at 6.34 percent.
Greece and its foreign creditors reached a deal early on Tuesday on a package of bailout-mandated reforms, Greek Finance Minister Euclid Tsakalotos said, paving the way for the disbursement of further rescue funds.
(Reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan; Editing by Jamie McGeever)
Canada plans to deploy troops and helicopters to support the United Nations peacekeeping mission in Mali, the government said Monday.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland and Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan announced the deployment of two Chinook transport helicopters, four-armed Griffon helicopters and accompanying troops.
"The deployment will come with a number of troops of the Canadian Armed Forces who will facilitate medical evacuations for troops on the ground and provide logistical support for that mission," Sajjan said.
The announcement confirms Canadian media reports on the deployment and comes after nearly three years of deliberations since Prime Minister Justin Trudeau vowed to increase Canada's contribution to UN peacekeeping missions.
Officials did not say how many troops would be deployed or when the 12-month mission would begin. In 2015, Trudeau said some 600 troops could be deployed to Mali.
Read more: Sahel zone: New operation to fight terrorism
Germany welcomes deployment
Canada has been under pressure from allies, including the Netherlands and Germany, to contribute the Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA).
The Canadian contingent is expected to replace German transport and combat helicopters, which Berlin plans to bring back home this summer.
Watch video 12:03 Share Fighting Islamists - German deployment in Mali Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2Wypy Fighting Islamists - German deployment in Mali
German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen welcomed the Canadian announcement.
"The Canadian decision is good news for this important UN peacekeeping mission, but so also for our Bundeswehr soldiers stationed in Mali," von der Leyen told Tagesschau.
Although deploying helicopters is considered less risky than sending troops on the ground, it is not without risks. Last August, two German pilots were killed when their Tiger helicopter crashed in Mali's northern desert.
"We are very aware of the complexities and the difficulties of the situation in Mali. Indeed, it is the complexity and the difficulty of the situation there which requires a UN peacekeeping force," Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Freeland said.
Read more: Germany to expand global military missions
Fifty-seven countries contribute to the UN mission in Mali
UN's most dangerous mission
Mali is the UN's most dangerous peacekeeping mission. More than 150 UN peacekeepers have been killed there since they first deployed in 2013.
There are about 12,000 UN peacekeepers in the country, as well as 1,700 UN police officers. Germany has approved up to 1,100 soldiers to deploy to the mission.
Mali descended into a spiral of instability in 2012, when ethnic Tuareg rebels and other groups took advantage of a power vacuum left by a military coup in the capital, Bamako, to take over northern Mali in a bid for independence.
Watch video 28:31 Share Kenya's Lone Ranger - One Man's Fight against Islamist Terrorism Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uaim Kenya's Lone Ranger - One Man's Fight against Islamist Terrorism
Read more: EU doubles funds for G5 Sahel military anti-terror security force
But the rebellion for Tuareg autonomy was quickly hijacked by Islamist militants, including al-Qaida aligned groups.
Events in Mali prompted France to militarily intervene in its former colony in January 2013. French forces were able to largely push back the extremist insurgency, but jihadis continue to use sparse terrain to launch attacks.
The UN deployed a peacekeeping mission in July 2013 to replace the French mission. It now oversees a June 2015 peace accord signed between the Malian government and Tuareg rebels and other northern rebel factions, but excludes al-Qaida linked groups. Implementation of the peace agreement is fragile.
The importance of Mali and the larger Sahel region have increased for Europe in recent years as criminal trafficking networks have helped bring tens of thousands of African migrants to Libya, using it as a springboard to reach Europe.
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
cw/rs (AP, AFP, dpa, Reuters)
A Las Vegas group is helping those less fortunate take care of their pets. Street Dogz focuses on helping dogs and cats, but volunteers also help their human owners find jobs and housing.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Doctors have struggled for years to deliver medication effectively to the inner ear, but two companies are vying to be first to introduce new treatments which, if successful, could together chalk up some $800 million in peak sales.
Pivotal drug-trial data from Otonomy Inc and Auris Medical Holding AG is expected to show whether two competing approaches can address ear disorders associated with hearing loss and balance.
Current therapy typically involves injecting steroids into the middle ear. The steroids are used off-label to treat sudden changes in hearing and balance. This approach requires patients to lie on their side, and avoid swallowing, or risk either the loss of the drug or possible side-effects.
"The steroids work, but the current method of delivering them is terrible," said Dr. Darius Kohan, chief of otology/neurotology at New York-based Lenox Hill Hospital.
San Diego-based Otonomy and Swiss biotech Auris propose delivering medicines using different gel-like formulations into the middle ear, for absorption by the inner ear.
Otonomy's drug, a formulation of an existing steroid, is being tested for use in Meniere's disease - a chronic, progressive condition characterized by dizziness, tinnitus and hearing loss that affects 600,000 Americans.
Auris's treatment is being evaluated for use in tinnitus - a perception of ringing in the ears, often a symptom of underlying disease. About 250,000 Americans are eligible for Auris's treatment.
No FDA-approved treatments exist for these diseases.
NO WINNER YET
At least four other companies also have ear drug trials under way, but are considered far behind. The group includes Nordmark Arzneimittel GmbH & Co, Sound Pharmaceuticals and Decibel Therapeutics, as well as Novartis AG.
Otonomy is expected to release late-stage data on its Meniere's trial in the second half of 2017.
The drug is expected to generate peak sales of $603 million, said SunTrust Robinson analyst Edward Nash.
The delivery technology that Otonomy is using for this treatment is already being utilized in its FDA-approved antibiotic.
This, in a way, validates the company's technology, Nash said, also noting that Otonomy's approach does not require repeat injections to complete a course of treatment.
In contrast, Auris's technology necessitates multiple injections and requires patients to lie still for up to half an hour post administration.
Late stage data from Auris's European study is expected in 2018.
"Even if Auris is successful in their second tinnitus trial, they'd still have to conduct another U.S. trial to win FDA approval. If the Otonomy trial is positive, they can file right away for Meniere's," Nash said.
Auris's treatment could hit peak sales of $250 million, according to Needham & Co analyst Serge Belanger.
To be sure, both competitors have suffered trial setbacks, which forced them to adjust the design of later studies. They increased the number of patients enrolled and tweaked trial endpoints.
Experts are circumspect about declaring a winner.
Dr. Hinrich Staecker, lead investigator on Auris's U.S. tinnitus trial, said it was impossible to tell which company had the leg up until the latest round of research data comes out.
(Reporting by Natalie Grover and Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by David Greising and Sayantani Ghosh)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These are the 29 Erewash businesses that have recently received a score of five out of five for their food hygiene – the maximum score available.
Erewash Borough Council conducts regular, unannounced food hygiene inspections on all premises that serve food in a large enough capacity.
This is why you may see some supermarkets, schools and community groups on the list.
During the inspection, an environmental health officer will inspect the business's cleanliness, hygiene practices, structural conditions and their documented food safety procedures.
The council's food hygiene rating goes from zero to five. A zero means “urgent improvement is necessary”, while a score of five means the premises is “very good”.
Name Address Nags Head 129 Nottingham Road Borrowash Tesco Waverley Street Long Eaton Sun's News 21 Victoria Road Draycott The Oxford 22 Market Place Long Eaton Jackson's Burger & Grill Morley Hayes Main Road Morley Nutbrook Brewery 6 Hallam Way West Hallam Friday Lunch Box Albert Street Ilkeston Momma's Soul Food Kitchen Bateman Arms 66 Belper Road Stanley Common Long Eaton Boat Club Fields Farm Road Long Eaton No. 58 58 Derby Road Long Eaton Priya's Indian Curries Brown & Green Alfreton Road Little Eaton Martin Ogden Butchers 61 South Street Ilkeston Saagar 511B Tamworth Road Sawley The Filling Station Station Road Ilkeston Asda Midland Street Long Eaton Breaston Pre-School Playgroup Main Street Breaston Draycott Fish Bar 15-17 Derby Road Draycott J J's Snax Larklands Hotel Park Road Ilkeston Staceys Bakery 100 Bath Street Ilkeston Kirk Hallam Community Academy Godfrey Drive Ilkeston Little Pickle Sandwich Shop 113 Derby Road Long Eaton Longmoor Primary School Newstead Road Long Eaton Jolanta Wdowiak Hillside House Residential Home Albany Street Ilkeston The Project Workshop Cafe 102 Bath Street Ilkeston
These businesses were originally inspected in January, but the information takes weeks to be processed.
After the initial inspection, the council has 14 days to inform them of their decision. The business then has 21 days to appeal that decision.
Only after this can Freedom of Information request be made for the report, which can take up to 20 working days to be provided.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - S&P Global Ratings:
* S&P SAYS STATE OF KUWAIT RATINGS AFFIRMED AT 'AA/A-1+'; OUTLOOK STABLE Source text: bit.ly/2nwJN8e
March 31 Youngwoo DSP Co Ltd :
* Says it signs 8.06 billion won contract to provide equipments
* Says it did not disclose partner's name
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/P3Af6b
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 2 Capital First Ltd
* Says to consider raising funds by issue of securities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A Volkswagen (VW) logo is seen on a car's front at a scrapyard in Fuerstenfeldbruck, Germany, May 21, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
BERLIN Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) second-quarter group operating profit may be similar to the 4.37 billion euros (£3.7 billion) achieved in the first three months of the year, finance chief Frank Witter said.
Asked during an earnings call on Wednesday whether Volkswagen (VW) may be able to report a higher underlying profit (EBIT) in the April-to-June period as has often happened in past years, Witter said VW was rather bracing for second-quarter EBIT to be similar to the first-quarter result, citing risks such as Brexit and volatile world markets.
Separately, Witter said VW had so far seen cash outflows worth 8 billion euros to pay for fines, vehicle buybacks and repairs related to its diesel emissions scandal.
VW is bracing for outflows in the "double-digit billion-euro range" this year, it said earlier on Wednesday.
The carmaker still expects that the 22.6 billion euros it has set aside will cover all dieselgate costs.
Europe's biggest automaker is in the midst of reviewing its portfolio of assets and brands but will not comment on rumours of sales such as motorcycle maker Ducati, the CFO said.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Amazon recently sent out an email to hundreds of customers to let them know their purchased solar eclipse glasses were not confirmed safe for viewing the eclipse.
Many viewers have said they had received this email, forcing them to purchase new ones.
In the email, Amazon said,
To protect your eyes when viewing the sun or an eclipse, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) advise you to use solar eclipse glasses or other solar filters from recommended manufacturers. Viewing the sun or an eclipse using any other glasses or filters could result in loss of vision or permanent blindness. Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer. We recommend that you DO NOT use this product to view the sun or the eclipse.”
Amazon also said in the email they were refunding buyers in full.
It's currently unclear how many companies are affected by the recall. However, vendor ICSTARS later said all of their filters were safe to use.
Pam Ledbury, who lives in Damascus, said she was so excited to watch the eclipse until she received the email from Amazon, just 9 days before the solar eclipse.
“Thousands of us probably bought them because they are cheap,” Ledbury said.
However, Ledbury is grateful Amazon warned her about the potential faulty glasses.
Ledbury said, “It really was a good idea because if they are not sure, you can imagine how many people can go blind.”
She also said if she can't find appropriate glasses by Aug. 21, she'll watch the shadows move over her farmlands.
If you received this email from Amazon, there are other places to purchase eclipse glasses.
The American Astronomical Society has listed manufacturers of eclipse glasses on their site, which are verified to be compliant with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard.
NASA has also listed multiple ways to view the eclipse safely.
You can get safety regulated glasses here.
Fine weather is drawing high numbers of walkers to the Kerry mountains, but the volume of human waste being generated is leading to concern.
The lack of toilet facilities to cater for hundreds of walkers each day now on the highest peaks of the MacGillycuddy Reeks, and on other popular hills, will have to be addressed, the spokeswoman for a forum to protect and sustainably manage the reeks has said.
Patricia Deane, rural recreation officer with South Kerry Development Partnership, said excrement, and litter such as tea bags, on Ireland's highest peak, Carrauntoohil, has become a major challenge.
“People going to the toilet on the mountain is a year round issue and one of the big issues facing us on Carrauntoohil,” Ms Deane said.
The fine weather is bringing around 500 walkers each day, through the three main access points and onto Strickeen near the Gap of Dunloe.
Over the years, one of the access routes, Cronin's Yard, has developed facilities at the entrance. But there is a shortage of facilities and people are going to the toilet on the mountains.
The Reeks Forum – made up of landowners and community stakeholders — is meeting shortly to discuss the issue, Ms Deane said.
Meanwhile, waste left this week after campers in the fragile tombola that makes up one of the country's longest sandy beaches, the rare ecosystem of the Maharees in Brandon Bay, has shocked locals.
Maram grass
The Maharees Conservation Association, formed to protect the area from erosion, has spent days cleaning up after 30 or so people in tents who camped near a bridge and used the sand for toilet facilities. Heaps of bottles and rubbish were also collected.
There were just two campsites and people staying in the campsites helped with the cleanup.
Martha Farrell secretary of the association said they welcomed visitors to the wonderful area, but appealed to them “if you are able to bring it to the beach, bring it home”.
They were asking people to stick to the established paths through the dunes – walking on maram grass holding the dunes in place killed it.
And where possible, people should camp in the campsites, not the dunes,” she appealed.
Extra toilet facilities were needed, but this was not straightforward because the Maharees was an area of conservation, and the dunes were privately owned commonage.
Separately, local councillor for the area Michael O'Shea has called on the OPW and the National Parks and Wildlife Service and Kerry County Council to police areas of conservation such as the Maharees and to stop large groups threatening tourist gems .
Public toilet facilities were needed on the Blasket as well as Skellig Michael. Car parks and traffic management was also needed around the Dingle peninsula.
The county was attracting more and more tourists but was “starved of facilities”, including toilet and parking areas to cope with the increase tourist numbers, he said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Toly Bread Co Ltd
* Says co's Dongguan-based wholly owned unit plans to transfer 100 percent stake in its Nanchang-based and Changsha-based units to the co respectively
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/TY9tfH
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Repeats May 2 column. John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are his own)
* Chart 1: tmsnrt.rs/2p1SftR
* Chart 2: tmsnrt.rs/2p4R11K
* Chart 3: tmsnrt.rs/2oTK6MV
* Chart 4: tmsnrt.rs/2oTKD1h
* Chart 5: tmsnrt.rs/2p4EThd
By John Kemp
LONDON, May 2 U.S. crude production is surging, complicating OPEC's efforts to rebalance the oil market.
U.S. production rose by more than 450,000 barrels per day (bpd) in the five months ending in February, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) (tmsnrt.rs/2p1SftR).
Total U.S. crude production has increased from a recent low of 8.567 million bpd in September to 9.031 million bpd in February (“Petroleum Supply Monthly”, EIA, April 28).
Production continued rising in March and April, and now stands at over 9.2 million bpd, according to weekly estimates published by the agency (“Weekly Petroleum Status Report”, EIA, April 26).
Weekly estimates are considered less reliable than the monthly numbers, but the two series have tended to follow one another closely, so there is no reason to doubt the continued growth in output (tmsnrt.rs/2p4R11K).
U.S. crude production is increasing at an annual rate of more than 1 million bpd, comparable to the boom of 2012-2014 (tmsnrt.rs/2oTK6MV).
The rapid recovery in U.S. output is one of the factors making market rebalancing slower than OPEC anticipated.
Most of the increase so far has come from non-shale producers in the Gulf of Mexico and Alaska. But the massive increase in the number of rigs drilling onshore should ensure shale output rises substantially in the remainder of 2017.
Gulf of Mexico output rose by 228,000 bpd in the five months to February, while onshore production from the lower 48 states increased by 175,000 bpd and Alaska's output rose 61,000 bpd.
U.S. production will continue increasing for at least the next few months as the lagged impact of earlier increases in the onshore rig count filter through.
From a cycle low in May 2016, the number of rigs drilling for oil in the United States has risen by 380 or around 120 percent (tmsnrt.rs/2oTKD1h).
Exploration and production firms are still adding drilling rigs at an average of almost 10 per week, according to oilfield services company Baker Hughes (tmsnrt.rs/2p4EThd).
Rig counts generally affect production with a lag of about six months so the full impact of all those extra rigs has yet to be reflected in the production statistics.
Crude output is already rising much faster than predicted by any of the major statistical agencies at the start of the year.
EIA has already raised its year-end forecast from 9.22 million bpd in January to 9.64 million bpd in April (“Short-Term Energy Outlook”, EIA, Jan and Apr 2017).
By the end of the year, production is predicted to have fully recovered from the slump and to surpass the previous peak set in April 2015.
Production forecasts are very likely to be revised even higher given the speed with which output has increased in the first four months of the year.
Some of the rise in production is the result of offshore output, but onshore shale production is forecast to exceed its previous peak well before the end of 2018. (Editing by Susan Thomas)
By Chioma Onuegbu
UYO—AKWA Ibom State Police command has set up a taskforce on the use of illegal firearms, warning those in possession of such dangerous firearms/weapons to surrender them to the nearest police station.
The state Police Public Relations Officer, Odiko MacDon in a statement yesterday in Uyo, said: “In line with the directives of the Inspector General of Police on the mopping-up of prohibited firearms across the country, the Akwa Ibom State Police Command has set up a Taskforce headed by a Deputy Commissioner of Police for the said purpose.
“The command will henceforth, arrest and prosecute person(s) found to be in possession of illegal firearms, which include AK-47, pump action, locally made pistols, double barrel guns and other prohibited firearms.
“All those who are in possession of illegal firearms or dangerous weapons of any kind are hereby advised to surrender such arms or dangerous weapons to the nearest Police station within the given 21 days in their own interest and no action will be taken against them.”
WASHINGTON, April 5 The U.S. House of Representatives will not vote on a bill to replace the Obama administration's signature healthcare law before it starts a two-week break, a Republican lawmaker said on Wednesday.
"We are going to go home tomorrow without a deal," said Representative Chris Collins, showing that deep divisions remain among Republicans despite renewed efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare after House Republican leaders withdrew a bill on March 24 due to a lack of votes. (Reporting by Amanda Becker; Writing by David Alexander and Eric Walsh)
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Bengal Energy Ltd-
* Bengal Energy announces fiscal 2018 first quarter results
* Q1 revenue c$2.3 million
* Revenues in Q1 fiscal 2018 were 7% lower than fiscal q1 2017 due to 14% decrease production volumes
* Bengal energy ltd - production in current quarter averaged 369 barrels of oil equivalent per day ("boepd"), a 4% increase and 14% decrease from previous quarter
* Qtrly FFO per share $0.02
* Qtrly adjusted earnings per share $0.01 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump is trying to tamp down speculation about why she's not been seen in public in nearly three weeks.
The first lady tweeted Wednesday about the media "working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing. Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
Mrs. Trump was last seen in public in the wee hours of May 10 when she joined President Donald Trump to welcome home three Americans released from detention in North Korea.
The White House announced four days later that she had been admitted to a hospital to treat a benign kidney condition.
Advertisement
The first lady had recently launched her initiative to teach kindness to children.
JOHANNESBURG, March 28 South Africa's Capitec Bank reported an 18 percent rise in full-year profit on Tuesday as the lender continues its push into transactional banking.
Capitec, which grants loans not supported by assets, said it gained 1.3 million active clients, brining its total to 8.6 million customers, over the past year as feeble growth in Africa's most advanced economy forced thrifty South Africans to shop around.
The lender posted diluted headline earnings per share of 3,270 cents for the year to end-February, compared with 2,787 cents a year earlier.
"Despite weak economic conditions, there was strong year-on-year growth in net transaction fee income," Capitec said in a statement.
Capitec's transaction fee income climbed 30 percent to 3.9 billion rand ($304.57 million), but interest income remains the lender's largest source of revenue, increasing 11 percent to 14.9 billion rand.
The bank, which in 15 years grew from a startup to touch a market value of 93 billion rand, last week said it had bought a 40 percent stake in Latvia's Creamfinance, its first acquisition outside its home market.
"We continue to grow our client numbers, branches and ATM network. This will provide us with the opportunity to offer new financial services in the future," the bank added. ($1 = 12.8049 rand) (Reporting by TJ Strydom; Editing by Sunil Nair)
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
The Bayelsa State Command of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has decried the absence of the Judge in Federal High Court, Yenagoa.
Bayelsa state commander of the NDLEA, Josephine Obi lamented while parading 64 persons in possession of over 38 kilograms of illicit drugs at the command's headquarters in Yenagoa.
The Federal High Court Yenagoa and the National Industrial Court have not sat for about seven months over alleged corruption charges against the Judges of the two courts by the EFCC.
She decried that the command has not been able to prosecute any case in court, noting the absence of the judge of the Federal High Court in Yenagoa affects its operations as the cell are congested with inmates.
The 64 suspects, who include 45 males and 19 females, NDLEA said, were arrested for the months of January to April, 2017 for offences ranging from peddling cocaine, Heroine, cannabis and other Psychotropic drugs.
Obi also said during the arrest of some of the suspects, it recovered one locally made pistol and a revolver pistol, one hand grenade, five rounds of ammunitions and a handcuff from a suspect.
The Commander said the suspects were arrested in separate locations such as Ogbia, Yenagoa, East/West road area and in Kaiama axis all in Bayelsa state.
She also explained that the command impounded a Toyota Jeep, V8 from one of the middle drug men used in conveying drugs, insisting that the command is still combing for the big barons
Obi equally said over 239 persons has been counseled on the dangers of using hard drugs.
The 64 suspects, Mrs. Josephine Obi said, would be prosecuted accordingly pending when the judge of the Federal High court in Yenagoa resumes sitting.
It could be recalled that the Nigeria Bar Association (NBA) , Yenagoa and Sagbama chapters on the 23rd of March, 2017 protested the absence of the Judges of the Federal High Court, Yenagoa and the National Industrial Court in a press conference.
It was gathered that the Federal High Court, Yenagoa and the National Industrial Court have been under lock and keys following corruption allegations against Justice Aliya Nganjiwa of the Federal High Court Yenagoa and JusticeTerse Agbadua-Fishin of the National Industrial Court by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
World No. 1 golfer Dustin Johnson has committed to defend his title in the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play event March 21 to 25 at Austin Country Club.
Johnson couldn't be stopped in the 2017 event, leading a tournament-record 94 percent of his matches and never trailing in a single match over 112 holes. He beat Jon Rahm, currently No. 2 in the world, 1-up in the championship match, capping a run of three straight PGA Tour victories.
The 33-year-old from Columbia, S.C., is the only player to win all four World Golf Championship events. His 17 PGA Tour wins in 11 seasons is matched or exceeded only by Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods and Arnold Palmer.
Johnson is off and rolling again in 2018, crushing the field with an eight-shot win the Tournament of Champions at Kapalua, Hawaii. He was runner-up to Justin Rose last October in the WGC-HSBC.
Matt Kuchar, the 2013 Dell Match Play champ, also has committed to play here next month.
TNS
___
Fed proposes easing rule that limits risky bank trading
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is proposing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that helped trigger the 2008 financial meltdown. The Fed under new leadership on Wednesday unveiled proposed changes to the Volcker Rule, which bars banks' risky trading bets for their own profit with depositors' money. The high-risk activity is known as proprietary trading.
___
Advertisement
Barr blames Ambien for tweet; drugmaker replies
NEW YORK (AP) — After Roseanne Barr explains the offensive tweet that got her show canceled by saying she was on Ambien at two in the morning, the drugmaker Sanofi tweets back that 'racism is not a known side effect' of its product. Barr is busy on Twitter, even though the social media platform led to her demise. ABC canceled 'Roseanne' following her racist tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett.
___
Europe expects to be hit by US tariffs on steel and aluminum
PARIS (AP) — Europe is bracing for the United States to slap restrictions Thursday on imported steel and aluminum. Top European officials were holding last-ditch talks in Paris with American trade officials to avoid U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum.
___
US economic growth revised down to 2.2 percent rate in Q1
WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. economy grew at a weaker 2.2 percent annual rate in the first three months of the year, as consumers and businesses slowed their spending. But given the economy's recent performance, analysts are still looking for a solid rebound in the current quarter. The Commerce Department reports that growth in the gross domestic product, the economy's total output of goods and services, came in slightly below the first estimate last month of 2.3 percent in the January-March period.
___
Need an entry-level job at a store? It can be harder now
NEW YORK (AP) — Getting a job as a store cashier or a sales assistant — often an easy way into the economy for an unskilled worker — used to be easy. Now, that path is getting much more complicated as employers demand higher-level skills.
___
Q&A: Should you reboot your router like the FBI says?
Last week, the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that might have been infected with disruptive malware. But cycling the power on an infected router is only a temporary solution that would leave the core infection intact and listening for instructions. Cisco researchers say the good news is that the FBI has disrupted the command-and-control server that sends instructions to infected routers. The bad news is that another such server could be set up.
___
Fed finds nationwide pickup in manufacturing activity
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty caused by rising trade tensions. The survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the Fed's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity.
___
Weinstein won't testify before grand jury in rape case
NEW YORK (AP) — Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify after his arrest Friday. The former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
___
Survey: US businesses add a solid 178,000 jobs in May
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses added 178,000 jobs in May, according to a survey, a solid total but below the average monthly gains accumulated over the winter. Payroll processor ADP said Wednesday that hiring was strong in construction, education and health care, and professional and business services, which includes accounting, engineering and legal services. Retailers cut jobs.
___
Stock markets reverse course and surge as Italy fears fade
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks recover most of their sharp losses from a day earlier and bond yields turn higher as investors hope Italy might be able to avoid a new round of elections. Banks surge and energy companies rally as oil prices break out of a five-day slump. An index made up of small-company stocks, which tend to be more domestically focused, hit another record high as trade tensions with ramp up again with China and Europe.
___
The S&P 500 index jumped 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78. The Nasdaq composite gained 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45. The Russell 2000 index surged 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, and closed at a record high of 1,647.99.
U.S. crude oil climbed 2.2 percent to $68.21 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 2.8 percent to $77.50 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 1.9 percent to $2.18 a gallon. Heating oil gained 2.1 percent to $2.23 a gallon. Natural gas slid 0.6 percent to $2.89 per 1,000 cubic feet.
April 5 Gome Electrical Appliances Holding Ltd
* Bought back on-market 25.9 million shares of co pursuant to general mandate to buy back shares granted by shareholders of co to board
* Purchase price per share was hk$1.07, and an aggregate of hk$27.7 million was utilized by company for such shares buy back Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
JOHANNESBURG, Feb 2 (Reuters) - South Africa's Steinhoff said on Friday it would suspend dividend payouts until after the end of June as part of efforts to save money and convince creditors to waive some payments due in coming weeks.
The multinational retailer is fighting for survival after it discovered accounting irregularities in December, sparking a sell-off that has wiped more than $10 billion off its market value. (Reporting by Tiisetso Motsoeneng; editing by Jason Neely)
Rory McIlroy and Shane Lowry completed their interests in the US PGA Championship here in the stifling head of Charlotte, North Carolina, with a similar sense of uncertainty, unsure of where the rest of the season will take them.
For McIlroy, the world number four, the case of the rib injury that won't go away has cast a shadow on his season, and with potentially further dark clouds looming. The 28-year-old Northern Irishman was all smiles after his round on hearing of Manchester United's win the in the Premier League, but that news provided only short relief as he rubbed his left rib cage with his right hand in obvious discomfort.
It was only as he talked that the reality of what he was telling us truly unfolded, as McIlroy outlined how the rib injury – a legacy dating back to the South African Open in January and its recurrence at The Players in May, caused as he put it by “going from zero to hitting balls from three or four hours a day” – had spread to affect the rhomboid muscles in his upper back and, rather disconcertingly, to cause numbness in his left arm.
“You might not see me [play] until next year,” he remarked at one point.
Medical assessment
McIlroy left Charlotte on Sunday night with a flight path to his ultimate destination in Belfast, where he will this week undergo further medical assessment on his rib injury.
Tennis great Roger Federer has long proclaimed a theory of only playing when 100 per cent fit, and that is something that will be on the golfer's mind in the coming days as he meets with medical personnel and his fitness expert Dr Steve McGregor to best consider his options.
The questions to be asked and answered will determine whether he plays in the season-ending FedEx Cup playoffs in the United States, which start with next week's Northern Trust tournament in New York, or whether he takes a complete break from the sport, with an eight-week layoff from all golfing activity the considered medical judgment that has previously been offered.
Why would he play the FedEx Cup if not fully fit and in discomfort?
Catch 22
“I feel like a sense of duty [to defend], but I've missed a lot of time already. If I'm capable of playing, I feel like why shouldn't you? But then at the same time if you are not capable of playing at your best, why should you play? So, again, it's a catch 22. We'll see what happens. I'll assess my options in the next few days and see where we go from there.”
He added: “I feel like I'm capable and playing well enough to give myself a chance [in the FedEx Cup]. At the same time April [the Masters at Augusta] is a long way away. That's the next big thing on my radar.”
The injury originally surfaced during the South African Open in January, where he lost in a play-off despite being in pain.
“An injury like this, it's eight full weeks of rest before you start to rehab it and then you go again. I felt like we took as much time as we needed to at the start of the year, that was basically seven or eight weeks.
“I got back and playing. It felt okay through the Masters. I switched it off for a couple of weeks because I was getting married, going on honeymoon. Then once I started practising again I didn't build up the volume gradually. I went from zero to hitting balls from three or four hours a day. That aggravated it a little bit.”
McIlroy – who finished with a closing 68 for 285, one-over, for a top-25 finish – has now gone four full seasons without adding to his career total of four Major titles. His last came in the 2014 PGA.
Wayward shot
For Lowry, the low point of his round came when a wayward tee shot on the ninth struck a boy in a wheelchair on the ankle, an incident that affected him for a few holes (he bogeyed the ninth and 11th) before managing to recover to claim three birdies in four holes from the 12th. He signed for a final round 72 for 289, down in a disappointing 52nd place.
Lowry makes the road trip to Greensboro – also in North Carolina – for this week's Wyndham Championship, the final tournament of the regular season before the top 125 moves on to the FedEx Cup playoffs.
He will probably need a top-five finish in the Wyndham if he is to progress to the playoffs.
“There are plenty of positives. I felt like I played nicely. I mean, it's funny like, I putted as good as I've putted for a long, long time. I felt like my iron play at times was very good...I just have to go out and try to play as well as I can next week, hopefully get into the FedEx Cup. If not I'll go home and probably take a couple of weeks off.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Aisino Corp:
* SAYS IT SIGNS FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT WITH SHENZHEN TENCENT COMPUTER SYSTEMS ON BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nvdvuj Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
poster_concept copy
Contact
Claudeen Martinez
***@fishflicks.tv Claudeen Martinez
End
-- Australian start-up company, Beyond Entertainment Group PTY LTD, set to release its first smart TV app for FISHFLICKS, making its move into the international digital video on demand market.FISHFLICKS is an Australian first, a unique concept that combines the work and efforts of Australian Fishing Celebrities bringing them together with the objective of supporting growth in the Australian Fishing Industry. FISHFLICKS contains thousands of hours of content, including cross genres hunting and 4WD, dating back decades and made available to users through any streaming device 24/7.The brand launched less than a year ago and has been testing and developing during its soft launch phase. Of the creation of the brand and planned app release Head of Marketing and Communications, Claudeen Martinez states "The disintegration of traditional TV and consequential fragmentation of the traditional viewing model created a huge gap in the market for a brand that could take ownership of neglected recreational sporting content like fishing and hunting. Couple that with the popularity of recreational fishing in Australia and the interest from overseas markets in Australian fishing, we believe this video platform will cater to a significant target market of time poor enthusiasts interested in accessibility of their favourite content."With the Samsung branded apps planned release for end of March, brands LG, Sony, Phillips, Toshiba and Panasonic will follow shortly thereafter. The apps will be made available worldwide with plans to support the US and South East Asia markets, where interest in Australian fishing is particularly strong.Recreational fishing is a popular activity that contributes economic and social benefits to the Australian economy, particularly in regional areas. The ABS estimates that about 5 million Australians engage in recreational fishing each year, and it contributes to an estimated $200 million from international tourism. This is planned to increase, as the Australia's recreational fishing industry will be a major focus of Tourism Australia over the next 3 years.Fishflicks is an online video on demand product that offers recreational fishers, hunters, and 4x4 enthusiasts, thousands of hours of entertainment viewable on any internet connected device
Parham's Garden Weekend is celebrating its 25th anniversary this coming weekend.
For me this quintessential celebration of our passion for gardening is one of the highlights of the Sussex summer calendar, thanks to Parham's long gardening tradition and the national reputation of head gardener, Tom Brown.
Over the course of the weekend there will be garden tours, talks and demonstrations from leading experts. The Secrets of Head Gardeners session will be a particular highlight with the South's most celebrated head gardeners including Fergus Garrett from Great Dixter, Troy Scott Smith from Sissinghurst, Sarah Wain from West Dean and Parham's Tom Brown in conversation.
It's a measure of Tom Brown's reputation that many of the country's leading horticulturalists, gardeners and designers choose to congregate at Parham for the Garden Weekend year after year.
Alongside all these events visitors will discover some of our leading nurseries.
It is the relational quality of this festival of gardening which never fails to delight me - passionate and knowledgeable people coming together at Parham to share their experiences and love of gardening.
Tom Brown, his garden team and volunteers, will once again be out in force to offer advice and to interpret the garden for visitors.
It is rare for the public to have such unmediated, direct access to horticulturalists of this calibre.
The gardens themselves are exquisite. The swathes of summer flowers seem to dance in the gentle breeze framing the garden's paths. I love the stillness that gathers you in the walled gardens at Parham. It transports you, separating you from the busyness of life. To create a garden of this subtlety, depth and beauty requires a sensitivity to place, light, the elements and the seasons.
Sheltered by the warm hues of the old brick garden walls covered in lichen these gardens have a remarkable ability to gather and engage people. Families find a gentle place to wander in conversation, their time in the garden informed by the beauty around them.
Keen horticulturists will pause to explore the subtleties and effects of the planting, colour and compositions before them.
But whatever your approach you cannot fail to walk in this beautiful place without being moved by it.
This generous and outward facing spirit pervades all that Parham does and at the heart of it are Lady Emma Barnard and her husband James who, together with their sons, bring such life and vitality to this timeless place.
Their patronage and stewardship blesses us all.
I am looking forward to Parham House and Garden's 25th Anniversary Garden Weekend this coming Saturday and Sunday, July 7 and 8 2018, 10.30am to 5.00pm.
For more information go to www.parhaminsussex.co.uk or telephone 01903 742021. I look forward to seeing you there!
Rupert Toovey is a senior director of Toovey's, the leading fine art auction house in West Sussex, based on the A24 at Washington - www.tooveys.com - and a priest in the Church of England Diocese of Chichester.
Lorde promised "surprises" during yesterday's Coachella performance - and her biggest came in a new song that's received rave reviews.
In the middle of a set packed with old songs like Ribs, Tennis Court and Team, as well as recent singles Green Light and Liability, came a new song.
And many say it wasn't just the highlight of her show - it might be her best song yet.
The song is called Homemade Dynamite, has an upbeat, clubby vibe, and includes the lines: "So let's let things come out of the woodwork / I'll give you my best side, tell you all my best lies."
The chorus goes: "I'm blowing shit up with homemade dynamite."
Rolling Stone quickly praised Lorde's new material as one of the 25 best things it saw at the festival and said Homemade Dynamite could rival her biggest hit Royals.
"(It) bounced with breathless confidence, powered by attitude and pop hooks," said the publication.
MTV simply called it "explosive".
Continued below.
Related Content Lorde at Coachella: One out of the box - and in it too Lorde warms up for Coachella fans by playing new song, Sober Lorde wows fans at surprise US concert
"If Melodrama is all about a single party, Homemade Dynamite sounds like the part when you meet someone and the sparks just don't stop flying," it wrote.
Read more: Lorde at Coachella: One out of the box - and in it too
Lorde was due to perform the song at her small showcase the night before her Coachella show, but it was reportedly crossed off her setlist at the last minute.
Lorde has promised her next song is "my favourite thing I've ever done".
@lorde and the music... this next song is like my favourite thing i've ever done it truly sounds like nothing i've heard in the best way — Lorde (@lorde) March 21, 2017
Judging by the reaction to Homemade Dynamite, it might just be it.
OGMFMMFMF I LOVE HOMEMADE DYNAMITE @LORDE YOU GIVE ME@SO MUCH LIFE — e (@joshdrumset) April 17, 2017
Lorde's new song Homemade Dynamite is amazing — Marc Davies (@itsmarcdavies) April 17, 2017
Her second album Melodrama is due for release on June 16. So far, the new songs she's released or played live include Green Light, Liability, Sober and Homemade Dynamite.
Lorde's Coachella setlist
Tennis Court
Magnets
400 Lux
Buzzcut Season
Homemade Dynamite
Ribs
Sober
Melodrama
Liability
Royals
Team
Green Light
- NZ Herald
The settlement of the Guyana-Suriname maritime boundary dispute several years ago was an incentive for ExxonMobil to explore and eventually find huge oil fields offshore this country, former Head of the Frontiers Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Keith George said.
“If it weren't for the 2007 Arbitral Award, Liza would not have existed. Liza is just a few kilometres away from where Suriname itself was claiming and Exxon would have been even more fearful because of what Suriname did in June 2000; it used its gunboats,” said George who is currently Guyana's Ambassador to Suriname.
The dispute was settled by the United Nations Tribunal on the Law of the Sea in 2007, seven years after Surinamese gunboats chased out a Canadian oil exploration rig from an offshore concession that had been awarded by Guyana. In a surprise move that had caught Suriname by surprise after the June 2000 incident, Guyana took its case to the Tribunal in 2004.
“Because of the fact that we have a boundary, we can move forward and Suriname can move forward as Caricom (Caribbean Community) partners,” George told a University of Guyana-sponsored conversation on Law and Society titled “Guyana's Borders: Boundaries, Barriers, or Bridges”, held at the Theatre Guild Thursday evening, January 1, 2018.
Meanwhile, the Guyana Ambassador to Suriname remarked that despite the outstanding land boundary dispute over the New River Triangle, Guyana is Suriname's fifth largest trading partner. “Especially in relation to Suriname, our borders are not barriers,” he said. George noted that between 2014 and the first half of 2017, trade between the two countries was valued at an estimated GY$53 billion ; GY$37 billion of which was in Suriname's favour “so we have a huge deficit in spite of the fact that they are claiming our territory”.
The land boundary dispute is said to be the agenda of a joint commission between the two neighbouring South American countries.
The average Irish adult has more than 14,000 living cousins scattered around the world, according to data released to mark World DNA Day.
An adult living in Ireland today can expect to have a total of 14,435 relatives globally based on anonymised testing carried out by the Ancestry genealogy company.
Ancestry is one of a number of commercial genealogy organisations that has cropped up in recent years offering people the chance to discover their family's heritage through a small DNA saliva test.
The research was carried out by tracking the average number of genetic eighth cousins or closer an Irish person has based on shared ancestors born in the last 200 years.
The company also offers subscribers the chance to link up with potential first, second, third, fourth etc cousins from different regions around the world based on matches in the Ancestry DNA database.
People from Ulster could have up to 17,558 relations globally while people in Connacht were found to have 13,504 relatives, scientists found. File photograph: Getty Images
The genealogy company's research is carried out by expert geneticist, statisticians, data scientist, engineers and molecular biologists, according to the Ancestry website.
Irish study
In its latest Irish study, which was carried out using the DNA of 5,300 people who had provided samples to the Ancestry database, scientists found people from Ulster had a significantly higher number of relatives internationally compared to people from Connacht.
People from Ulster could have up to 17,558 relations globally while people in Connacht were found to have 13,504 relatives, scientists found.
Munster folk were found to have 14,150 cousins around the world, while people from Leinster have an average of 13,706 relatives.
Scientists also found that 99 per cent of these cousins remain unknown to Irish people.
The research was carried out by tracking the average number of genetic eighth cousins or closer an Irish person has based on shared ancestors born in the last 200 years.
A robotic genomic testing machine that extracts DNA from customer samples. “We've come a long way since the double helix was discovered in 1953 and the fact that we're now able to use that pioneering science in our own homes to enrich our lives and make new connections with relatives we never knew existed is remarkable.” File photograph: Jason Henry/The New York Times
The release of the Irish genealogical data marks World DNA, which is held annually on April 25th to commemorate the “scientific discovery and the key milestones that forever changed our understanding of the code that makes us who we are,” said Ancestry's Russell James.
Pioneering science
“We've come a long way since the double helix was discovered in 1953 and the fact that we're now able to use that pioneering science in our own homes to enrich our lives and make new connections with relatives we never knew existed is remarkable.”
Mr James encouraged Irish people to contact some of these newly discovered distant cousins. “It might be that striking up a relationship with even a few cousins could end up being a life-changing experience - and it all starts with your DNA.”
National City completed the planting of 20 citrus trees at Toyon Park on E. Fourth Street Monday in an effort to beautify the environment and provide residents with free food.
Lemon, lime and orange trees were planted by public works crews as the first steps towards a community garden at the park. Anyone is welcome to take the fruit from the trees.
“This was an open and bare area in the park,” said Mayor Morrison of National City. “Having fruit trees there is helping us provide food to the community.”
The 20 trees cost about $2,000, according to the Mayor. They were donated by the Rotary Club of Coronado Binacional. Some of the members helped to plant the last two trees Monday afternoon.
The soil in the future community garden has finished cultivating. The Mayor said he hopes the garden will be open, after they find an operator or community group to run it, by the end of the year.
“It shows our dedication to the concept of community gardening as well as to trees and the environment,” said Mayor Ron Morrison.
Sunflowers have also been planted in the garden so far, with plans for more edible plants and seeds.
Authorities in India have arrested four men in connection with the leak of a recent Game of Thrones episode online.
The Spoils of War, the fourth episode of the hit fantasy drama series' current seventh season, first surfaced on the Internet earlier this month, just days before its U.S. premiere on August 6
The leak was ruled to be separate from the huge data breach suffered by the show's network bosses at HBO earlier in the week, and was found to have stemmed from the company's distribution partner Star India.
At the time, a Star India spokesperson vowed to take “appropriate legal action” for the “grave issue”, and now it's been reported four people connected to third-party firm Prime Focus Technologies, whose bosses work on the series, have been taken into custody over the incident.
A new statement released to The Hollywood Reporter reads: “This is the first time in the history of Star India that an incident of this nature has occurred. We are deeply grateful to the police for their swift and prompt action. We believe that valuable intellectual property is a critical part of the development of the creative industry and strict enforcement of the law is essential to protecting it.”
Police raided the Prime Focus office in Bangalore on August 11. The four suspects are expected to remain in custody for a week as the criminal investigation continues.
Meanwhile, HBO chiefs are still trying to halt the continued leak of its original material by hackers, who previously released a script from a future Game of Thrones episode and reportedly posted the contact details for stars like Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey online.
FBI officials have been called in to track down those cyber criminals, going by the name Mr. Smith, but unaired episodes of other shows, including the forthcoming Curb Your Enthusiasm return, which isn't due for release until October, hit the Internet on Sunday. Other affected shows include Ballers, Room 104, and Insecure.
The New Television Series CRAZY WORLD OF BILLY RABBIT, A Sparkling Parody, Is Targeted at 8 to 15 Year Olds and Can Be Seen Now on AMAZON Prime!
Crazy World of Billy Rabbit
Contact
Eye on Entertainment
***@eyeonentertainment.org Eye on Entertainment
End
-- It's titled, "The Crazy World of Billy Rabbit" and is a half hour comedy show aimed at the 8 to 15 year old crowd. "While it has the look and feel of a show for younger children, it is actually a parody of classic children's fairytale story shows," explains creator and producer John Cox. "The Eponymous character, Billy Rabbit lives in the Enchanted Forest, and he tells stories he's heard with illustrations he has obviously provided himself," muses Cox.Cox writes, draws, performs and edits the "Crazy World of Billy Rabbit." He also produces other television shows and web series, including, "Eye on Entertainment,""The Storylady's Magic Book," and "The Alien's Wife." Cox' studio is located in Southern California, where he also resides with his wife and family, which also includes several live rabbits, which, no doubt, provides him inspiration for the new series.Cox is the President of Polymedia Television and is a noted filmmaker and set and event photographer. To see a promo of the series, please visit: http://FunnyOrDie.com/ m/atfy The "Crazy World of Billy Rabbit" airs on demand on Amazon Prime. The innovative television series also has a facebook page and a website, as well. For more information, contact John Cox at: polymediaentertainment@ gmail.com , visit the Official Website at: http://www.billyrabbit.com/, and visit the Facebook page at: https://www.facebook.com/billyrabbitkktv/?fref=ts. Please check this amazing new series for young people out on Amazon Prime at: https://www.amazon.com/Crazy-World-Billy-Rabbit/dp/B01MQRNCNM
Motorcyclist knocked unconscious in SLO
January 2, 2017
A 24-year-old Morro Bay man was found lying unconscious on a San Luis Obispo street Saturday afternoon after his motorcycle collided with a vehicle.
At about 3:30 p.m. on New Year's Eve, the motorcyclist collided with a vehicle driven by a 66-year-old San Luis Obispo man around 3:30 p.m. on New Year's Eve. The Morro Bay man suffered severe injuries in the crash.
After finding the man lying next to his motorcycle, first responders administered medical aid and then transported him to a local hospital. The motorcyclist's current condition has not been disclosed.
Police have not released the identity of either man involved in the crash. A San Luis Obispo Police Department news release says it is not known whether drugs or alcohol were a factor in the crash.
Investigators are asking anyone who witnessed the accident to contact the police department.
LAGOS, April 28 Nigeria's foreign exchange reserves rose to $30.80 billion by April 26, their highest level since Sept. 2015, central bank data showed on Friday.
The increase in the foreign exchange reserves of Africa's top crude exporter could be attributed to a recent rise in global crude oil price and proceeds of Nigeria's latest Eurobond issued last month.
Nigeria's dollar reserves stood at $30.31 billion a month ago. They have risen 18.1 percent since the start of the year but are still far off their peak of $64 billion, hit in August 2008. (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa; Editing by Chijioke Ohuocha and Gareth Jones)
(Repeats story published on Monday with no changes to text)
By Tom Polansek
CHICAGO, March 27 A cadre of U.S. lawmakers and food safety advocates are pressuring the federal government to join other nations blocking shipments of raw beef from Brazil in the face of a scandal in that country's meatpacking sector.
The United States has already started testing all beef from Brazil for pathogens.
But farm organizations argue stronger action is needed to protect the food supply, with consumers less able to choose the meat they buy following the end of U.S. laws requiring that beef be labeled to show its origin. Their push to halt Brazilian imports could also boost domestic sales.
A slew of major meat buyers suspended imports after Brazilian federal police on March 17 unveiled an investigation into alleged payments to government health officials by meat processing companies to forego inspections and cover up health violations.
Without a similar move by the United States, "consumers who wish to avoid the Brazilian product would have to avoid all the products," said Bill Bullard, chief executive of U.S. cattle producers' group R-CALF USA.
U.S. legislators scrapped the U.S. labeling laws, known as COOL, in 2015 to avoid more than $1 billion in trade sanctions by Mexico and Canada.
Last year, the United States began allowing shipments of fresh beef from Brazil after banning them due to concerns about foot and mouth disease in cattle.
A box of meat imported from Brazil now would be labeled as coming from Brazil if it was sold to consumers in its original container, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). However, it would not be labeled if it is repackaged or reprocessed, the agency said.
Meat from Brazil is generally processed further in U.S. facilities and then used to make products such as ground beef, lunch meat, frozen food or fast food, according to the North American Meat Institute, which represents U.S. meatpackers.
On Monday, Brazil's agriculture minister said the country faced an uphill battle to rebuild its $14 billion meat export sector after the scandal hurt confidence in its products. Officials were heartened, though, by China's decision to lift import suspensions.
A block on Brazil's beef by the USDA would deal another blow to the reputation of its meat, even though the United States is not a top customer.
POSSIBILITY OF RETALIATION
U.S. Senators Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Jon Tester of Montana, and U.S. Representative Rosa DeLauro, a Connecticut Democrat, have pushed for a halt.
Allowing unsafe beef into the country endangers consumers and "the reputation of U.S. beef producers whose meat is sold next to imported meat - now without mandatory country of origin labeling," Heitkamp said in a letter to U.S. President Donald Trump.
Representatives of the USDA did not respond to requests for comment specifically on the lawmakers' calls for a ban.
Sonny Perdue, tapped to be the next U.S. agriculture secretary, supports the agency's extra checks but told U.S. senators last week that Brazil might retaliate if the country halted beef imports.
The USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) visits plants approved for exports to ensure they have equivalent safety standards to U.S. facilities and could suspend Brazil's eligibility if it does not maintain such standards.
Brazil's Agriculture Ministry says it has a strict system for regulating its 4,837 animal product-producing facilities, with 2,300 employees working on health inspections.
Maurício Porto, head of Brazil's National Union of Federal Sanitary Inspectors, said the safety system was strong. But he said the ministry had backed off a practice of rotating inspectors among plants to minimize influence and pressure from companies.
Tony Corbo, a senior lobbyist for environmental group Food & Water Watch, said the USDA's extra checks on imported Brazilian beef amounted to the agency doing Brazil's inspection work.
The United States has "spent a lot of money sending auditors down there and increasing inspections at ports and yet we still recognize them as having an equivalent inspection system," he said about Brazil. "It's just not."
(Additonal reporting by Gustavo Bonato in São Paulo; Editing by Mary Milliken)
Britain Football Soccer - West Bromwich Albion v Leicester City - Premier League - The Hawthorns - 29/4/17 Leicester City's Jamie Vardy celebrates scoring their first goal with teammates Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Boyers Livepic
WEST BROM 0 LEICESTER CITY 1
Jamie Vardy pounced just before halftime to earn Leicester City a 1-0 over West Brom at The Hawthorns on Saturday, to take them closer to Premier League survival.
The win lifts reigning champions Leicester, who have spent much of the season facing the threat of relegation, up four places to the relative safety of 11th, nine points ahead of third-from-bottom side Swansea City, with four games to play.
Vardy netted in the 43rd minute after Shinji Okazaki snapped up a bad back pass and played him in, and the England striker slotted home his 12th league goal of the season.
Second-half substitute James McClean provided a much-needed injection of pace and trickery on the left for West Brom, but despite plenty of possession they could not find the back of the net, yet they remain eighth despite losing their last four league games and failing to score in five.
(Reporting by Philip O'Connor,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Isis says it carried out Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) " South Korean filmmaker Bong Joon-ho has an answer to where the controversy over the theatrical releases of Netflix movies started: his cinematic ambition.
Bong said Wednesday that Netflix never pushed for the theatrical release of his "Okja," but he did so himself so people could see it on the big screen. The controversy has hit home in South Korea where the top three movie chains are refusing the film's simultaneous theatrical and Netflix debuts.
"Okja" by the internationally acclaimed director of "The Host" and "Snowpiercer" was one of two Netflix titles that competed at the Cannes Film Festival last month for the first time, along with Noah Baumbach's "The Meyerowitz Stories." But after an outcry from French exhibitors, Cannes changed its rules to require that films in competition be distributed in French movie theaters.
The debate over Netflix movie's theatrical release was renewed in South Korea after Cannes closed.
Advertisement
South Korea's top three largest movie chains, which control 90 percent of screens in the country, refused to release "Okja" unless Netflix holds off streaming for three weeks. In South Korea, movies are offered on online or other platform about two to three weeks after their big-screen debuts.
"Usually Netflix movies have not pushed ahead with theatrical releases in other countries," he told reporters in Seoul. "It was a controversy that started because of me. As a director, it's natural to have a desire to show the movie both on streaming and movie screens."
Bong said Cannes should have sorted out the rule before inviting "Okja" and that it was "unexpected" to see an international film festival adopt domestic law in France. Directors are too busy making films to study French law, he said.
"It would have been preferred if Cannes had put the rules in order before inviting us. Inviting us and then creating a controversy was an embarrassment to us," he said.
Produced by Brad Pitt on Netflix's $50 million budget, "Okja" features Tilda Swinton as a scion of a multinational food corporation and Jake Gyllenhaal as a zoologist. Their world in Manhattan stands in stark contrast to a farmer girl's who lives on remote mountains in South Korea with a genetically engineered animal named Okja. Part family movie and part political fantasy about the relationship between human and animals in capitalist society, the movie was well received among critics.
Netflix said it continues to work hard with a local distributor to give more opportunities and choices to South Korean viewers to watch "Okja." Its Netflix streaming starts on June 28, or June 29 local time in South Korea.
But no breakthrough with multiplex movie chains is in sight unless Netflix delays the streaming debut.
"It is against the rules of movie distribution system," said an official at CJ CGV, the biggest multiplex movie chain in South Korea. The person was not authorized to speak to media about a deal under negotiation and asked to be anonymous.
While big movie theater operators may boycott, independent movie theaters have agreed to screen Bong's political fantasy on June 29 giving "Okja" screening time, but on few screens.
Bong said he is generally happy the movie will appear in movie theaters that have been eclipsed by the multiplex chains.
"It's a good chance to revisit movie theaters that we have forgotten for a while," he said. "I'm satisfied with the current situations."
For Netflix, it's got little to lose.
The noise created by the film industry could benefit the service, which isn't a popular brand yet in the South Korean streaming market, now dominated by big mobile carriers.
Bong, a household name in South Korea and one of the few movie directors to have achieved both critical and commercial success with nearly all of his previous works, could prompt viewers here to join the online streaming service, rather than traveling to watch "Okja" on a big screen.
WASHINGTON May 3 The U.S. government said on Wednesday it planned to appoint a banking regulation lawyer as interim boss of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) when the current Comptroller Thomas Curry leaves on May 5.
Keith Noreika, a banking regulation lawyer at Simpson Thacher, will be First Deputy Comptroller at the OCC, effectively the No 2 spot at the regulator, which writes money laundering rules, bank charters and is one of several regulators that monitor the health of Wall Street.
"Keith Noreika has deep experience in helping banks operate in a safe and sound manner, provide fair access to financial services, and provide credit needed for business expansion and job growth,” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement.
“I am confident that he will capably lead the OCC in carrying out its important mission.”
Curry was appointed by the Obama administration for a five-year term that expired last month. He has been serving under an extension since that time. (Reporting by Carmel Crimmins; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
The move to raise commercial stamp duty in the last budget had a sound basis but longer term analysis is needed to examine its sustainability, an Oireachtas committee has found.
Following budget 2018 the committee on budgetary oversight analysed the tripling of the commercial stamp duty rate to 6 per cent to establish whether it was working as forecasted.
The committee, led by Fine Gael TD Colm Brophy, accepted the short-term revenue yield forecasts advanced from the Department of Finance. The department expects to raise an additional €376 million in this year, implying total commercial property transactions of €9.5 billion.
However, it also suggested there wasn't sufficient evidence currently in place to allow it to conclude that stamp duties are sustainable over the longer term.
The committee sought clarity on the length of time the Department of Finance expects these revenues to continue. In response, the department said, “on the basis of Revenue's analysis provided to us, it certainly seems robust and substantiated over the next year or two”.
A number of recommendations were advanced by the committee for future taxation measures and it called on the Finance Minister, Paschal Donohoe to report by the end of May on whether the present rate of commercial stamp duty is producing the level of increased revenue that was anticipated.
It also said that any revenue forecasts included in budget 2019 should project expected revenues over several years, not just the coming fiscal year.
Future proposed alterations to significant budget measures should be shaped in consultation with the committee, it added.
During the committee hearings on the tax Michael Tutty of the Irish Fiscal Advisory Council said his main concern was not necessarily with forecasts, but with the stage of commercial property development in this cycle.
“There has been a big ramp-up in commercial development in recent years. Activity is unlikely to remain at the current level and is likely to decline in future years,” he said.
In response to a question on why the duty was introduced, the Department of Finance confirmed that the measure was intended to re-balance activity in favour of residential activity that is required. “Our position on this matter has been supported by a number of economic commentators,” the Department said.
March 29 4SC AG:
* 4SC's cash balance/funds amounted to 11,333 thousand euros ($12.25 million) as of 31 December 2016, compared with 22,794 thousand euros as of 31 December 2015
* Throughout 2017, expects to make significant progress and further enhance value of 4SC through out-licensing deals of further non-core assets
* 2017 outlook: initiate two phase II studies of 4SC-202 in combination with checkpoint inhibitors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9254 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
People sit by the road near the main Kim Il Sung square in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Men ride at the back of a truck in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
A policewoman controls the traffic as people gather near the main Kim Il Sung square in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
People sit by the road near the main Kim Il Sung square in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
Women dressed in traditional costumes walk near the main Kim Il Sung square in central Pyongyang, North Korea April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj
FILE PHOTO - Sailors man the rails of the USS Carl Vinson, a Nimitz-class aircraft carrier, as it departs its home port in San Diego, California August 22, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
A general view of an annual central report meeting in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang April 9, 2017. KCNA via REUTERS
South Korea's Prime Minister and acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn makes a speech at a cabinet meeting in Seoul, South Korea March 15, 2017. Yonhap via REUTERS
An F/A-18C Hornet from the Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 34 'Blue Blasters' launches from the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) flight deck, in South China Sea April 8, 2017. Picture taken April 8, 2017. U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matt Brown/Handout via REUTERS
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) transits the South China Sea, April 8, 2017. Photo taken April 8, 2017. U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Matt Brown/Handout via Reuters
PYONGYANG/WASHINGTON North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force U.S. President Donald Trump described as an "armada".
Trump, who has urged China to do more to rein in its impoverished ally and neighbour, said in a tweet that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without Beijing's help.
Tension has escalated sharply on the Korean peninsula amid concerns that reclusive North Korea may soon conduct a sixth nuclear test and after Washington said at the weekend it was diverting the aircraft carrier strike group Carl Vinson toward the Korean peninsula in a show of force.
READ MORE: China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of North Korea tensions in call with Trump
"We are sending an armada. Very powerful," Trump told Fox Business Network. "We have submarines. Very powerful. Far more powerful than the aircraft carrier. That I can tell you.”
Referring to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, Trump said: “He is doing the wrong thing.” Asked if he thought Kim was mentally fit, Trump replied: “I don't know. I don't know him.”
North Korea said earlier it was prepared to respond to any U.S. aggression.
READ MORE: Chinese state tabloid warns North Korea against nuclear test
"Our revolutionary strong army is keenly watching every move by enemy elements with our nuclear sight focused on the U.S. invasionary bases not only in South Korea and the Pacific operation theatre but also in the U.S. mainland," its official Rodong Sinmun newspaper said.
In spite of the military rhetoric, U.S. officials have previously stressed that stronger sanctions are the most likely U.S. course to press North Korea to abandon its nuclear program. At the same time, Washington has said all options - including military ones - are on the table and that a U.S. strike last week against Syria should serve as a warning to Pyongyang.
The strike group heading towards Korea includes the nuclear-powered flagship aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, two destroyers and a cruiser. Such a strike group is generally accompanied by submarines, although the Pentagon does not normally publicise this.
"PRUDENT" MOVE
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the deployment was not tied to a specific event but a matter of prudence.
"She is just on her way up there because that is where we thought it was most prudent to have her at this time," he said at a Pentagon news conference.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump had put North Korea "clearly on notice" that he would not tolerate certain actions but dismissed Pyongyang's nuclear attack threat.
"I think there is no evidence that North Korea has that capability at this time," he said. "Threatening something that you don't have the capability of isn't really a threat."
North Korea remains technically at war with the United States and its ally South Korea after the 1950-1953 Korean conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. It regularly threatens to destroy both countries.
However, North Korea has conducted five nuclear tests, two of them last year, and is working to develop nuclear-tipped missiles that can reach the United States, presenting Trump with perhaps his most pressing security headache.
South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, warned of "greater provocations" by North Korea, including a possible nuclear test, given a meeting of the country's Supreme People's Assembly and upcoming national anniversaries.
He ordered the military to intensify monitoring and ensure close communication with Washington.
North Korea convened a Supreme People's Assembly session on Tuesday, one of twice-yearly sessions attended by leader Kim Jong-un, and reported a successful national budget execution and personnel appointments, the official KCNA news agency said.
The agency made no mention of North Korea's nuclear weapons programme or being under threat from the United States.
Saturday is the 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung, North Korea's founding father and grandfather of the current ruler.
A military parade is expected in Pyongyang to mark the day and North Korea often marks important anniversaries with tests of its nuclear or missile capabilities.
Men and women in colourful outfits were singing and dancing on the streets of Pyongyang, illuminated by better lighting than seen in previous years, apparently practising for the parade.
TRUMP PRESSES CHINA
Trump said a trade deal between China and the United States would be "far better for them if they solved the North Korea problem".
"If China decides to help, that would be great," he tweeted. "If not, we will solve the problem without them!"
Trump pressed his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping to do more on North Korea at a meeting in Florida last week.
China's U.N. ambassador, Liu Jieyi, called the Korean situation "tense" and repeated China's call for a return to dialogue with North Korea.
“We believe that it is highly important to move toward denuclearization, to maintain peace and stability, and it's time that different sides sit down to talk about achieving these objectives,” he told Reuters.
Asked about Trump linking a trade deal to China's help with North Korea: “We need to look at the situation on the Korean Peninsula as something that we should work together on.”
South Korean officials sought to quell social media talk of an impending crisis, and Defence Ministry spokesman Moon Sang-kyun urged people "not to get blinded by exaggerated assessment about the security situation".
North Korea's foreign ministry said the approach of the U.S. Navy strike group showed Washington's "reckless moves for invading had reached a serious phase".
"We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs in order to defend ourselves by powerful force of arms and keep to the road chosen by ourselves," an unidentified ministry spokesman said.
U.S. officials said at the weekend the carrier group would take more than a week to reach waters near the Korean peninsula.
A statement from U.S. forces in South Korea on Tuesday said General Vincent Brooks, commander of United States Forces Korea, would not attend a Congressional hearing expected this month because of the "security situation on the Korean Peninsula." The statement said the step was not unprecedented.
Russia's Foreign Ministry, ahead of a visit by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, said it was concerned about many aspects of U.S. foreign policy, particularly North Korea.
"We are really worried about what Washington has in mind for North Korea after it hinted at the possibility of a unilateral military scenario," the ministry said in a statement.
China and South Korea agreed on Monday to impose tougher sanctions on North Korea if it carried out nuclear or long-range missile tests, a senior official in Seoul said.
On Tuesday, a fleet of North Korean cargo ships headed home, mostly fully laden, after China ordered its trading companies to return coal, sources with direct knowledge of the trade said.
China banned all imports of North Korean coal, the country's most important export, on Feb. 26, but Washington has questioned how well the sanction was being implemented.
(For a grpahic on 'The Carl Vinson strike group' click here)
(Additional reporting by Ju-min Park and Jack Kim in Seoul, Idrees Ali, David Brunnstrom, Ayesha Rascoe and Eric Beech in Washington, Michelle Nichols at the United Nations and Andrew Osborn in Moscow; Editing by Tom Heneghan and James Dalgleish)
The mayor of Winnipeg honored his bet with Mayor Carolyn Goodman. (Mayor_Bowman/Twitter)
The mayor of Winnipeg is a man of his word.
After Mayor Brian Bowman lost a bet with City of Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman during the Stanley Cup Playoffs when the Vegas Golden Knights beat the Winnipeg Jets, he sported a Golden Knights jersey at a council meeting.
[RELATED: Las Vegas, Winnipeg librarians engage in Twitter feud over Stanley Cup Playoffs]
In a tweet with a series of photos, Bowman said he was “making good on (a) bet” and shared congratulatory remarks before stating he will always bet on the Jets and the fans.
[RELATED: Vegas Golden Knights continue to prove doubters wrong]
Goodman responded by saying he looks “so nice” in the Golden Knights gear and “we are looking forward to more great games in the future."
[On a mobile device? Click here to see the pictures.]
The Vegas Golden Knights won Game 5 in Winnipeg, securing their spot in the Stanley Cup Final. The Golden Knights will take on the Washington Capitals in the final. Game 1 is scheduled in Las Vegas on May 28.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Emmanuel Macron (C), head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, shakes hands with a youth during a campaign visit in Sarcelles, near Paris, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Bureau
WARSAW Polish officials called French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron's call for European Union sanctions against Poland a violation of friendship and a "fantasy".
The centrist Macron, tipped to win a run-off against eurosceptic far-right leader Marine Le Pen on May 7, said on Thursday that if elected he would pursue a tougher line with Poland and other countries he believed were infringing EU democratic principles.
"I understand that an election campaign has its rhetoric, but there must be limits to voicing one's opinion," Poland's Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski told the wPolityce.pl web portal on Friday.
"These comments are violating European standards and the principles of friendship with Poland."
Poland's government, headed by the nationalist-minded Law and Justice Party since late 2015, has been under fire from the EU over an overhaul of the country's constitutional court, which Brussels says weakens the independence of the judiciary and could undermine democratic checks and balances.
The European Commission has so far stopped short of any further action, but it is to present a report on the rule of law in Poland at a meeting on May 16, according to the Polish state radio.
The bickering with Macron further sours already fragile relations with France, which deteriorated after Poland last year called off a $3.5-billion contract for military multipurpose helicopters from Airbus, without giving much explanation.
On Friday, Polish Parliament Speaker Marek Kuchcinski was quoted as saying by state-run media that Macron's words were "a careless, misinforming statement" used as part his election campaign and that sanctions against Poland were a "fantasy".
Speaking after a visit to a Whirlpool tumble-dryer factory in France, whose workers are protesting the manufacturer's decision to move some of its production to Poland, Macron said Warsaw was exploiting differences in labour costs, which couldn't be tolerated.
He alluded to the problem of social dumping - a hot-button issue in France - which refers to companies employing cheaper labour from other EU countries or moving production to lower-wage countries.
Konrad Szymański, Poland's deputy foreign minister in charge of European affairs, told Polish state radio on Friday that if a country loses the battle for foreign investment, it should not use a confrontational language.
"It should consider what is wrong with the French economy that it ceases to attract foreign investment," Szymanski said.
(Writing by Lidia Kelly; editing by Ralph Boulton)
German World Cup winner Bastian Schweinsteiger scored on his debut for the Chicago Fire as his new team drew 2-2 at home against Montreal Impact on Saturday.
Schweinsteiger, the latest big-name veteran to join Major League Soccer (MLS), made an immediate impact by powerfully heading home a cross from five yards in the 17th minute.
The 32-year-old midfielder was signed last week from English Premier League club Manchester United, where he had fallen out of favour with manager Jose Mourinho.
The practice of MLS teams signing stars nearing the end of their careers has caused heated debate, with some clubs now preferring to focus on younger players with more upside.
But the Fire, who finished at the bottom of MLS last season, decided Schweinsteiger would be a good fit.
Schweinsteiger was a member of the winning German team that beat Argentina in the 2014 World Cup final in Brazil.
He has quickly immersed himself in his new city's sports culture. On Thursday night he attended a Chicago Bulls NBA game with his wife Ana Ivanovic, a former world number one tennis player.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Formula One - F1 - Bahrain Grand Prix - Sakhir, Bahrain - 13/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain speaks during drivers' press conference at the Bahrain International Circuit ahead of the Bahrain F1 Grand Prix. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
MANAMA Fernando Alonso's Formula One rivals have applauded the Spaniard's decision to race in this year's Indianapolis 500 instead of the Monaco Grand Prix, while ruling out doing anything similar.
Mercedes' triple world champion Lewis Hamilton told reporters at the Bahrain Grand Prix on Thursday that it was a "pretty cool" move.
"I wouldn't miss out any of the races in Formula One," he added, although the Briton did express a desire to ride a MotoGP bike and race in NASCAR one day.
Alonso's Belgian rookie teammate Stoffel Vandoorne joked that he had decided to enter the Spa 24 Hours sportscar race on home soil instead of the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Mexican Sergio Perez said there was no question about where to race as far as he was concerned.
"I wouldn't miss Monaco to go to Indianapolis," he told Reuters. "Monaco for me is the most special weekend of the season, especially now that we have new cars, more loads, faster through the corners. I am so much looking forward to it.
"But at the same time I think it's a great challenge for Fernando."
BIG DECISION
Renault's Nico Hulkenberg, a Le Mans winner when that sportscar race did not clash with anything, said his situation had been completely different to Alonso's at McLaren.
"I would have never done it if I had to miss a race, especially Monaco," he told reporters. "Quite a big decision, big news obviously... I am a bit surprised like everybody about this situation."
"It sounds like a big challenge but obviously Fernando likes challenges."
Frenchman Romain Grosjean, who races for the U.S.-owned Haas team but for whom Monaco is currently a home race until France returns next year, said he was fully focussed on F1 and questioned Alonso's priorities.
"I wouldn't skip a race, and especially Monaco," he said.
"I'm surprised he can skip a race and say, 'I'm going to do another race'. It's great for motorsport having a driver from Formula One going to Indianapolis, but you can do that when you've finished."
McLaren have failed to score any points in two races this season and last won a race in 2012, leaving double champion Alonso frustrated with their lack of success.
Grosjean's Danish teammate Kevin Magnussen, whose father Jan has competed in America and at Le Mans, said he understood the Spaniard's approach.
"I can see that with his situation it makes sense and it's a really cool thing to do," he said. "So I can understand it."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ken Ferris)
(Removes typo in headline, clarifies Sinclair appointed to Provident not Lloyds)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Lloyds Banking Group Plc:
* LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC - ‍STUART SINCLAIR, AN INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF LLOYDS, WILL BE APPOINTED INTERIM CHAIRMAN OF PROVIDENT FINANCIAL (NOT LLOYDS)​
* LLOYDS BANKING GROUP PLC - ‍ SINCLAIR WILL STEP DOWN FROM HIS POSITION AS SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF PROVIDENT FINANCIAL PLC WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Lawrence White)
PRECIOUS-Gold climbs after U.S. inflation data hits dollar
* Dollar hits 7-month low after soft U.S. inflation data * Fed tipped to hike rates, policy statement awaited * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Releads, updates prices, adds comment) By Jan Harvey LONDON, June 14 Gold rose 1 percent on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. inflation data for May knocked the dollar index to nine-month lows ahead of a keenly awaited Federal Reserve policy statement. The U.S. central bank is widely tip
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly a thousand dollars above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers tracks investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added, "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable." — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
CTV Vancouver
The 26th premier of British Columbia has died after a lengthy struggle with Alzheimer's disease, his family confirmed Friday. He was 87.
Dave Barrett's death was announced in a statement issued by the Office of the Premier, sent by his son, Dan.
A former social worker, Barrett led the NDP to an election win in 1972, and served as premier until 1975. He was awarded the Order of B.C. in 2012.
"He cared deeply about his province and devoted much of his life to trying to make it a better and fairer place to live," Dan Barrett said.
"His love of the province was surpassed only by his devotion to his family. He will be sorely missed."
Barrett's government initiated several reforms while in power, including lowering the drinking age to 19 and the initiation of the Insurance Corporation of B.C.
The NDP also established a labour relations board, halted agricultural land conversion and increased minimum wage. Corporal punishment was banned from schools, changes were made to the welfare system and the province's public sector was expanded.
Barrett was known for his sense of humour, once referring to himself as "fat lil' Dave."
In a statement posted on Twitter, the BC NDP said it was mourning the loss, and echoed his son's sentiments.
A year after losing the 1975 election and his seat in Coquitlam, Barrett served as MLA for Vancouver East until 1984. He served as leader of the Opposition, and was once forcibly removed from the Legislature for failing to abide by a Speaker's ruling.
In the late '80s to early ‘90s, Barrett served as Member of Parliament representing the riding of Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca. He then chaired inquiries into leaky condos in B.C. before retiring from public life.
His death comes just over two years after the death of the premier that defeated him in 1975. Bill Bennett died in 2015 at the age of 83, and had also been suffering from Alzheimer's.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
WASHINGTON, N.C. (WNCT) – An announcement is expected during the Washington city council meeting Monday night.
The city is receiving tens of thousands of dollars from a city in Florida.
This is payment for the help during Hurricane Irma.
This came after the Washington Electric Department went to restore electricity in parts of Florida when catastrophic rainfall hit the state.
All the costs for their labor are being reimbursed, including out-of-pocket expenses, vehicle and equipment usage, and an administrative charge.
The city of Bartow near Lakeland is paying Washington directly.
Washington will receive a little over $70,000. Over half of that is overtime charges.
The board unanimously approved the crew to go there during its September meeting.
The board is going to talk about adjusting the budget at Monday's meeting to reflect the reimbursement.
The city of Bartow, on the other hand, will have to wait to be reimbursed by FEMA after giving them the invoice for the Washington crew's labor
* European shares seen lower * Eyes on US payrolls data * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach him on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net DEUTSCHE BANK POSTS BIGGER THAN EXPECTED LOSS (0643 GMT) Banks, recently buoyed by rising bond yields and optimism about economic growth, could be in focus today after the DAX-listed heavyweight lender disappointed analyst expectations with a 2017 loss of 497 million euro in 2017. (Danilo Masoni) ***** MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fuelled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump on Saturday condemned violence that erupted between white nationalists and counter-demonstrators on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
"We must ALL be united & condemn all that hate stands for," Trump wrote in a Twitter message. "There is no place for this kind of violence in America."
Officials had approved the protest march in downtown Charlottesville but cancelled the event and declared a state of emergency after outbreaks of violence.
COLOMBO, March 29 The Sri Lankan rupee edged up on Wednesday due to exporter dollar sales, but importer demand for the U.S. currency from a state bank weighed on sentiment, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards trading at 152.65/80 per dollar at 0515 GMT, compared with Tuesday's close of 152.70/80.
"Today the rupee is trading slightly firmer due to the lack of large importer demand. Other than the state bank's demand for dollar, we have not seen large bills in the market," said a currency dealer, requesting anonymity.
The rupee is under pressure due to dollar demand to meet increased seasonal imports and payments by oil importers, dealers said.
The central bank on Monday raised the spot rupee reference rate by 10 cents to 151.70 after the bank raised it by 25 cents on March 20.
On Friday, the central bank raised interest rates for the first time in eight months, saying tighter policy was a precaution against a build-up of inflationary pressures.
Analysts said the rate hike, a move aimed at easing pressure on the rupee, could help stabilise the domestic currency that is hurt by rising imports and outflows due to rupee bond sales by foreign investors.
Foreign investors net bought government securities worth 70 million rupees ($461,285) in the week ended March 22. They have net sold 63.2 billion rupees of such instruments so far this year.
Sri Lankan shares were up 0.8 percent at 6,033.1 as of 0541 GMT. Turnover stood at 114.7 million Sri Lankan rupees ($756,097.56). ($1 = 151.7000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Reporter Ross Irby has wander-lust mixed with a sense of adventure, spending way too many years roaming about Australia, its back roads and off-shore foreign lands. Enjoys a yarn, story telling and tales, along with curiosity to find out about the lives and (mis)adventures of others. An off-beat sense of humour, not taking it all too seriously, along with big doses of flexibility/adaptability whatever the situation is the best way to go. You have to have the life experiences to have empathy...
DYLAN Clarke was quick to "thong it” out of Bundaberg Courthouse after getting a suspended jail term for driving while disqualified - three times.
And Christmas Day won't be as merry as it could have been. It was the day Clarke was due to get his licence back - but now that's going to be after Christmas 2023.
Clarke's serious problems began when the teen driver thumbed his nose at what was only a 12-week court disqualification, handed down for a drink-driving offence.
However, 18-year-old Clarke did not keep out of the driver's seat.
Police prosecutor Steve Bardini said Clarke's first offence was on September 26, the day after his disqualification.
He was then caught the following day - both times on the Bruce Highway but hundreds of kilometres apart.
His third offence, on October 12, was at Moore Park Beach.
Wearing thongs, Clarke pleaded guilty to three counts of driving while court disqualified.
Sergeant Bardini said Clarke had been disqualified from September 25 until December 24.
The second time Clarke was driving his Prado while disqualified he told officers who stopped him just after midnight driving south he "did not know” he was disqualified.
Sgt Bardini said Bundaberg police saw Clarke driving at 1pm on October 12. Clarke said he was "going out to get lunch and thought he'd be okay as police were not often seen in Moore Park Beach”.
"Three offences in less than a month - obviously he has no regard for court orders,” Sgt Bardini said.
Mr Lavaring warned Clarke that if he continued to offend he would likely spend time in jail.
Clarke said he came to police attention in the first offence because he was speeding.
When asked where his Prado now was, Clarke said he'd put it in storage at Hervey Bay.
"You won't be needing it for a long time,” Mr Lavaring said.
Clarke was sentenced to three months jail on each charge, to be served concurrently, fully suspended for three years.
Mr Lavaring banned his licence for a further six years, two for each offence.
March 30 Self-help guru Tony Robbins' new book, "Unshakeable," debuted at the top of the U.S. non-fiction bestsellers list on Thursday. Data released by independent, online and chain bookstores, book wholesalers and independent distributors across the United States was used to compile the list. Hardcover Fiction Last week 1. "Mississippi Blood" - Greg Iles (Morrow, $28.99) 2. "If Not For You" - Debbie Macomber (Ballantine, $27) 3. "Vicious Circle" - C.J. Box (Putnam, $29) 4. "The Cutthroat" 1 Cussler/Scott (Putnam, $29) 5. "Dangerous Games" 2 Danielle Steel (Delacorte, $28.99) 6. "Norse Mythology" 6 Neil Gaiman (Norton, $25.95) 7. "The Tea Girl of Hummingbird Lane" - Lisa See (Scribner, $27) 8. "The Devil's Triangle" 4 Coulter/Ellison (Gallery, $27.99) 9. "Man Overboard" - J. A. Jance (Touchstone, $25.99) 10. "A Gentleman in Moscow" 9 Amor Towles (Viking, $27) Hardcover Non-Fiction 1. "Unshakeable" 2 Tony Robbins (Simon & Schuster, $26) 2. "Hillbilly Elegy" 4 J.D. Vance (Harper, $27.99) 3. "Trump's War" 1 Michael Savage (Center Street, $27) 4. "Wired to Eat" - Robb Wolf (Harmony, $26.99) 5. "Bright Line Eating" - Susan Peirce Thompson (Hay House, $25.99) 6. "Killing the Rising Sun" 5 O'Reilly/Dugard (Holt, $30) 7. "The Magnolia Story" 8 Gaines/Gaines (W, $26.99) 8. "Portraits of Courage" 3 George W. Bush (Crown, $35) 9. "A Colony in a Nation" - Chris Hayes (Norton, $26.95) 10. "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck" 9 Mark Manson (HarperOne, $24.99) (Copyright © 2017 Publishers Weekly. Week ending March 26, 2017. Powered by NPD BookScan © 2017 NPD Group) (Editing by Paul Simao)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Christmas Gift Show benefits Kingsville-Essex Associated Band
by Adam Gault
On Saturday, the second annual Christmas Gift Show took over the gymnasium at Essex District High School. More than 60 vendors offered up a wonderful assortment of homemade and handcrafted goods for everyone looking for the perfect Christmas gift.
The Kingsville-Essex Associated Band organized the event, which served as a fundraiser for the longstanding “musical ambassadors of Essex County.” And, in that spirit, the show featured several musical performances throughout the day.
“It's Canada's longest, continually running community band. We've been around for over 80 years, bringing music across Windsor-Essex,” the band's Marketing Director, Britt Kascjak, explained. “We've travelled to places like the Calgary Stampede, to Disney World, so it's been a long, long tradition here.”
Kascjak explained the idea for a craft show as a band fundraiser came from one of the members who had taken part in many other regional shows. It was decided that it would be a fun way to organize a benefit for the band that could bring all kinds of creative people together from across the county.
“It's something we're definitely going to continue in the future, it is something the band [members] all love doing,” Kascjak said.
Although only in its second year, the Christmas Gift Show has already proven to be a big hit with many area vendors; some of whom made year two their second visit to the show. Including dozens of new ones were new to the festivity this year.
“We have more vendors than last year. This year we've got Santa Claus as well as live musical performances,” Kascjak explained. “We've got pretty much something for everybody, from wreaths, to dog treats, to bath supplies, and even a vendor with personalized children's books.”
Kascjak said with the positive growth and feedback heard throughout the day from guests and vendors alike, there's a very good chance the Christmas Gift Show could become another welcomed addition to complement the many traditional craft shows that help make Christmas shopping in the county an experience like nowhere else.
“Everyone talks about having such a fun time, the vendors do great, they sell a lot of stuff. We're definitely looking forward to next year.”
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
May 2 Cognosec Ab
* Cognosec ab first quarter 2017: improving margins with an acquisition at completion stage
* Qtrly group revenue of 3.76m eur
* overall group loss for q1 2017 was 0,846m eur Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A light plane crashed on take-off at Queenstown Airport this morning.
It was understood four people were on the plane. One has been taken to hospital with minor injuries.
Airport communications manager Jen Andrews said all flights were on hold.
"The airport's emergency response plan was immediately activated and Rescue Fire service is at the scene and the ambulance are on its way."
Advertisement
Update 1, 15 Aug 2017 at 9:15am. Flights are currently on hold at Queenstown Airport. Visit https://t.co/ENBLKaTjdY for details. — Queenstown Airport (@NZQN) August 14, 2017
Details of the operator were not available.
Police said the crash happened at 8.51am.
- More to come
April 10 Ajanta Pharma Ltd
* Ajanta Pharma Ltd says co's Dahej facility was inspected by FDA from April 3-7, 2017; no form 483 was issued Source text: [This is to inform you that Company's formulation facility at Dahej was inspected by US FDA from 3rd to 7th April, 2017. At the end of the inspection, no Form 483 was issued to the Company] Further company coverage:
Police cars are seen near the U.S. Capitol where a woman was arrested after police said she drove erratically, crashed into another vehicle and tried to run over officers in Washington, D.C. U.S., March 29, 2017. Drew Griffin/Handout via REUTERS
Capitol Hill police inspect a car whose driver struck a Capitol Police cruiser and then tried to run over officers, near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Capitol Hill police block traffic after a car whose driver struck a Capitol Police cruiser and then tried to run over officers, near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Capitol Hill police block traffic after a car whose driver struck a Capitol Police cruiser and then tried to run over officers, near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Capitol Hill police inspect a car whose driver struck a Capitol Police cruiser and then tried to run over officers, near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Capitol Hill police block traffic after a car whose driver struck a Capitol Police cruiser and then tried to run over officers, near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Capitol Hill police inspect bullet holes in a car whose driver struck a Capitol Police cruiser and then tried to run over several officers who were on foot near the U.S. Capitol in Washington, DC, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON A woman was arrested near the U.S. Capitol in Washington after she drove erratically, crashed into another vehicle and tried to run over officers on Wednesday, police said.
No one was hurt in the commotion, during which police fired shots.
"Although preliminary, this incident appears criminal in nature with no nexus to terrorism," Capitol Police spokeswoman Eva Malecki said at a news conference.
Malecki said officers tried to stop an erratic driver, who made a U-turn and drove away, nearly hitting officers and striking at least one other vehicle.
Police chased and stopped the car and fired shots as they tried to arrest the suspect, Malecki said. She declined to say why officers opened fire, and said the incident was being investigated.
Police identified the woman as Taleah Everett, 20, who was held on seven counts of assault of a police officer and two counts of destruction of property, among other charges. Everett was in custody on Wednesday evening and could not be reached for comment.
Operations inside the Capitol building appeared normal. Tourists filed through the Capitol Rotunda, and the U.S. Senate opened its session with Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell urging confirmation for Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
In 2013, Capitol Police shot and killed the driver of a car carrying a 1-year-old girl after a chase from near the White House to the Capitol.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson and Richard Cowan; Additional reporting by Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Andrew Hay)
HabsWorld.net --
On Sunday, the Habs were looking to reclaim home ice advantage in their first round series against the Rangers and put forth a solid defensive effort to pull out a 3-1 win, giving them a 2-1 lead in the series.
Claude Julien opted to make a pair of changes from Friday's overtime victory. Up front, Torrey Mitchell returned to the lineup in place of Andreas Martinsen while on the blueline, Brandon Davidson replaced the struggling Nikita Nesterov, making his NHL playoff debut in the process. As for the Rangers, Alain Vigneault made a change on their back end, subbing in Kevin Klein for Nick Holden.
The game started off the same way the other two did, with plenty of speed but not a whole lot of offence. Chris Kreider and Oscar Lindberg had some good chances early on but missed the net and hit the post respectively. An early successful penalty kill by the Habs seemed to give them momentum as they started to pick it up towards the midway point of the period.
Several of Montreal's chances came from attempted tip plays but they weren't able to get one past Henrik Lundqvist. New York picked up a second power play on an Alex Galchenyuk high stick and were quite sharp but they weren't able to get one past Carey Price. The two teams went to the dressing room in the same spot they were before the opening puck drop with the visitors holding a 10-6 edge in shots on goal.
The second period resembled the first period early on. Again, the Rangers had a couple of notable chances but couldn't beat Price. At the other end, Torrey Mitchell was sprung for a partial breakaway but he too was stymied by Lundqvist.
It was looking like the period was going to end scoreless once again but the Canadiens got a late power play and actually made something of it for once. Off a faceoff, the Habs executed a perfect tic-tac-toe play with Brendan Gallagher setting up Artturi Lehkonen who went top shelf to get Montreal on the board. New York threatened late but Alexander Radulov hustled back defensively and made a great play to tie up Ryan McDonagh from getting a shot away. Shots on goal in the second were 12-6 for the Habs.
The third period saw the Habs get an early power play after Andrei Markov was cut by a high stick from Mats Zuccarello. The first half looked a lot like a typical Montreal man advantage where they weren't generating much but in the second half, Alex Galchenyuk made a nice pass to Shea Weber who quickly wristed one past Lundqvist to double the lead.
Radulov capped off his solid game with a fantastic individual play with one hand on his stick, deftly handling the puck past Lundqvist to make it 3-0. Price wasn't able to hold onto the shutout though as shortly thereafter, Brady Skjei got one past him from the point but the Rangers weren't able to get any closer.
Price wasn't too busy, facing just 21 shots, turning aside 20. At the other end, Lundqvist kicked aside 26 of 29 Canadiens shots on goal. The power play made the difference as Montreal was 2/3 while New York was unable to score on any of their three-man advantages.
HW Habs 3 Stars of the Night
1st Star: Alexander Radulov – He was able to carry over his strong finish in Game 2 into this one. Not only did he have the highlight reel goal that sealed the game, he also had the big back check on McDonagh late in the 2nd. His line wasn't dominant but it was a solid all-around effort.
Stats: 1 goal, 1 assist, 2 points, +1 rating, 1 shot, 17:01 TOI
2nd Star: Carey Price – Price didn't face a high volume of shots but he had to be perfect early on before the offence was able to give him some goal support. He tracked the puck very well and didn't allow many rebounds which, coupled with a solid effort from the defence, resulted in a pretty low shot total for New York.
Stats: 20 saves on 21 shots, 1.00 GAA, .952 SV%
3rd Star: Shea Weber – While Weber's 2016 playoff performance wasn't pretty, that certainly hasn't been the case yet in this series. He had another strong game at the defensive zone while he chipped in with what turned out to be the game winner. He has been a true number one so far.
Stats: 1 goal, +1 rating, 2 shots, 4 hits, 29:08 TOI
Honourable Mention: Artturi Lehkonen – He didn't see a lot of ice time (which is a bit surprising given that he was playing well) but he made the most of his playing time. His power play goal was a well-placed shot while he had a couple of other strong chances. He certainly isn't wilting in his first NHL postseason series.
Stats: 1 goal, even rating, 2 PIMS, 4 shots, 2 hits, 12:39 TOI
Stat of the Night: 9:06 – Brandon Davidson didn't see much playing time in his NHL postseason debut and surprisingly saw a lot less action than Nikita Nesterov was getting despite his struggles in the first two games. Evidently Claude Julien doesn't have a whole lot of confidence in Davidson, who certainly didn't make any glaring mistakes in his limited playing time.
NHL Stat Sheet
According to National Institute of Cancer, 448.7 new cancer cases per 100,000 men and women are diagnosed each year in the US. Taking into account the gravity of such details, the demand for teleradiology is expected to surge not just in the US, but in regions witnessing higher concurrence of cancer. In its latest report, Future Market Insights assesses that the global demand for teleradiology will soar vigorously in the years to come. And, the report projects that largest share of global teleradiology revenues will be emanating from the US alone. The country will not only account for dominance of North America in the global teleradiology market, but by the end of 2026, US teleradiology revenues will have closed in on US$ 5.5 Bn value. During this period, the US teleradiology market is expected to reflect a sizeable gain of 416 BPS, exhibiting a stellar CAGR of 22.3%.
Report overview@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/teleradiology-market
However, the report also anticipates higher contribution from Europe and the Asia-Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) region. By the end of 2026, the teleradiology market in Europe will have reached US$ 2.76 Bn in value, while teleradiology revenues accounted the APEJ region will record the fastest growth at 24.6% CAGR. European healthcare companies such as Global Diagnostics (Integral Diagnostics), 4ways Healthcare Limited, Medica Group PLC, Teleconsult Europe, and Telemedicine Clinic are also observed as key market players. The report has also profiled companies such as Everlight Radiology, SRL Diagnostics, and Vital Radiology Services, which are based across the APEJ region.
The report has observed that increasing consumer awareness regarding teleradiology & easy accessibility of this technology are boosting the market's growth at considerable extent. Due to online availability of the radiology series, diagnostic images of complex problems can be shared between professionals within a medical setting. Moreover, local clinicians or radiologists can get opinions from subspecialists in order to make informed decision. Active participation and initiatives taken by various government and non-profit organizations to spread awareness regarding telemedicine worldwide is also expected to fuel growth of the global teleradiology market.
A majority of teleradiologists will be preferring CT-scan as the modality for diagnosis, revenues from which are expected to surge at 23.6% CAGR. MRI scan and ultrasound scans will also be prominent modes of carrying out teleradiological diagnosis. While hospitals & clinics, collectively, will remain the largest end-users of teleradiology, the demand for such diagnostic technology is expected to gain traction across ambulatory surgical centres (ASCs). By 2026-end, ASCs will account for an estimated 30% share of global teleradiology revenues.
Request to sample report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1747
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. Teleradiology Market Analysis Scenario
4. Global Teleradiology Market Dynamics
5. Global Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Modality
6. Global Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By End Users
7. Global Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Region
8. US Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Modality
9. US Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By End Users
10. OUS Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Modality
11. OUS Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By End Users
12. OUS Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Region
13. Europe Teleradiology Market Analysis and Forecast, By Country
14. Competition Landscape
15. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
16. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1747
CONTACT:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
CRACK UP: Australians have spent more that $755 million on phone repairs or replacements in the past five years.
EVERY day in Australia, 1300 people smash their smartphone, a recent study has shown, and it's those clumsy Millenials doing it more than anybody else.
It's also estimated that Australians have forked out more than $755million on repairs and replacements over the past five years.
Anyone in Warwick with a smashed phone usually finds themselves at Fun Plus Electronic and Accessories in Rose City Shoppingworld.
Manager Gil Lee said he sees them all the time.
"Sometimes we might see one a day,” he said.
"But definitely a few each week.
"They've usually been dropped but occasionally we'll get one that's been run over by a car or something crazy.
"But I wouldn't just say it's the younger people, we get all ages.”
Mr Lee said iPhones were the most common phone he was asked to repair.
"Because they cost so much it's cheaper to repair them than replace them,” he said.
"It's only a half hour to an hour fix for us.
"We keep plenty of new screens in stock.”
Mr Lee said other brands were less likely to be repaired.
"Samsung is reasonably hard to get parts for, and takes a lot longer,” he said.
"And it's more expensive so people usually just opt to replace the whole phone.''
The study also showed that one in 10 Aussies had smashed their phone beyond repair.
"We see a few of them too,” Mr Lee said.
"We can't fix them all, unfortunately.
"If your phone has been run over there is little hope for it.”
President Rodrigo Duterte has appointed anti-graft court justice Alexander Gesmundo as associate justice of the Supreme Court (SC).
Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea confirmed the appointment of Gesmundo–who will assume the post because of the retirement of SC Associate Justice Jose Mendoza–in a message to reporters on Monday.
Prior to his appointment to the High Court, Gesmundo served as the chairman of the Sandiganbayan's Seventh Division and the Sandiganbayan's Committee on Rules.
Gesmundo obtained his law degree from the Ateneo de Manila University (ADMU) School of Law (1984) and later earned his economics degree from the Lyceum of the Philippines.
He is the vice chairman of the Philippine Judicial Academy's Department of Remedial Law, according to a profile provided by ADMU.
The profile said Gesmundo started his government career in August 1985 as a trial attorney under the Office of the Solicitor General.
He was then feted as the Most Outstanding Solicitor in 1998 and was eventually promoted to Assistant Solicitor General in August 2002.
Gesmundo also served as a member of the Court of Tax Appeals and the Committee on Revision of the Rules of the CTA in 2004.
He is the second Sandiganbayan justice whom President Duterte appointed to the High Court after Samuel Martires, who was appointed last March.
Gesmundo is already the third Supreme Court justice appointed by the President after Martires and former Court of Appeals Associate Justice Noel Tijam.
Duterte would still be able to appoint at least eight more Supreme Court justices since eight justices are scheduled to retire during his administration.
These justices set to retire as they hit 70 years of age include Presbitero Velasco Jr. and Justice Teresita
Leonardo-de Castro (2018); Antonio Carpio, Mariano del Castillo, Francis Jardeleza and Lucas Bersamin (2019); and Diosdado Peralta and Estela Perlas-Bernabe (2022).
By the end of his term in June 2022, President Duterte would have appointed 11 of the 15 magistrates of the High Court.
A pile of one pound coins is seen, in central London June 17, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville
LONDON Britain's pound rose against the dollar on Wednesday, after data showing stronger-than-expected wage growth brought some relief to investors concerned about the economic impact of Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
Workers' total earnings including bonuses rose by an annual 2.3 percent in the three months to February, unchanged from the previous period and beating economists' expectations. The unemployment rate held steady at an almost 12-year low of 4.7 percent, in line with forecasts.
Sluggish wage growth has been cited as one reason the Bank of England is in no hurry to raise interest rates despite inflation holding steady above its 2 percent target for a second month running.
Sterling touched $1.2521, its highest level in nine days, after the data, last trading 0.1 percent higher on the day at $1.2508.
It hit a six-week high versus the euro in the London afternoon, but reversed those gains to trade flat on the day at 84.88 pence per euro.
Lee Hardman, currency strategist with MUFG in London, said the pound was in a consolidation phase for the near term and that economic data was having less of an impact on the currency since last year's Brexit vote.
"If that's going to change, it's only...if the data prompts the Bank of England to shift their policy stance," Hardman said.
"Unless we see stronger wage data or other kinds of upside risks to inflation developing, then they're likely to stay on hold for now so that is not enough to trigger any kind of upside risk for the pound in the near term."
Sterling also recouped some overnight losses against the safe-haven yen, last trading almost flat at 136.93 yen per pound. It was over 1 percent lower against the Japanese currency on the week.
The pound fell to four-month lows versus the yen on Tuesday, as a risk-averse mood - fuelled by worry over U.S. involvement in North Korea and Syria - swept through financial markets.
"The boost in the pound wasn't just because of the labour market data...but there's also been a reduction in risk-aversion (in Europe)," said Kathleen Brooks, research director at City Index.
(Editing by Louise Heavens; editing by Susan Thomas)
March 30 Kansas Governor Sam Brownback on Thursday vetoed a bill expanding eligibility for Medicaid under the federal Affordable Care Act (ACA), saying he could not support legislation that provided tax dollars to Planned Parenthood.
State lawmakers in the Republican-controlled senate voted in favor of the measure on Tuesday, just days after President Donald Trump's efforts to repeal and replace the ACA, also known as Obamacare, ended with the bill being pulled from a vote. (Reporting by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
COUNTY
Master Gardener volunteers sought
Green thumbs extraordinaire are wanted.
The University of Illinois Extension is looking for master gardeners, volunteers who “help others learn to grow.” Master Gardeners work throughout Tazewell, Peoria, Fulton and Mason counties.
In 2016, 176 Master Gardener volunteers contributed 11,366 hours in this four-county unit. Their volunteer service is valued at over $252,894 (using an estimated dollar value of volunteer time of $20.85 per hour as calculated by Independent Sector).
Master Gardener volunteer work impacts a variety of people and communities. Youth programming has included schoolyard habitat projects and conservation projects. Other programming and volunteer efforts include composting, beautifying communities, teaching the public about growing food, maintaining demonstration gardens and wildlife habitat gardens.
The Master Gardener Volunteer program is a University of Illinois Extension horticulture program. Master Gardeners receive more than 60 hours of training on various topics. Master Gardeners also receive training to improve volunteer skills. In return, they must volunteer 60 hours back to University of Illinois Extension within two years.
Applications for Master Gardener training are being accepted until July 31. Classes will begin Sept. 5 and end Nov. 7. Indoor lectures and outdoor activities will be held in the Peoria and Pekin Extension offices, Jubilee State Park, Spoon River College and Illinois Central College. All classes will be held from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Applications are available at web.extension.illinois.edu/fmpt/mg. For more information about becoming a Master Gardener, contact program coordinator Ian Goslin at ianmg@illinois.edu or (309) 347-6614.
PEKIN
Summer kid cops program underway
The Pekin Police Department is inviting local children to participate it in annual Cops for Kids series of summer events through August.
The events are designed to promote interaction with police and the city's younger citizens and their families. Tickets are available at police headquarters, 111 S. Capitol St., Pekin.
Future Cops for Kids events include:
June 20, from 10 a.m.-12 p.m., mini golf at Magic Dragon Golf Course at Mineral Springs Park.
June 30, from 10 a.m.-12 p.m., paddle boats at Mineral Springs Park Lagoon.
July 13 from 12-2 p.m., bowling at Sunset Lanes Bowling.
July 26, from 10 a.m.-12 p.m., archery at the Pekin Archery Range (Illinois Route 98 near McNaughton Park).
Aug. 9 from 11 a.m.-1 p.m., picnic at the 4-H Shelter at Mineral Springs Park.
Summer meals offered for students
Pekin Public Schools District 108 is conducting its Summer Food Service Program through Aug. 16, at Wilson Intermediate School, 900 Koch St., Pekin.
On Mondays through Fridays, the program provides breakfast and lunch to all eligible children regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age or disability. For more information regarding this program, contact Tomi Horchem at (309) 477-4751.
To file a complaint of discrimination, write USDA, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, D.C. 20250-9410 or call toll free (866) 632-9992 (Voice). Individuals who are hearing impaired or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339; or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer.
MORTON
Family science show planned at library
A fun and educational science show aimed at children of all ages and their families will be offered at 6 p.m. June 22 at Morton Public Library, 315 W. Pershing St., Morton. The world of science will be explained through demonstrations and experiments in this interactive program. For more information, call (309) 262-2200.
EAST PEORIA
Father's Day event at farm park
Father's Day will be celebrated June 18 at Fon du Lac Farm Park, 305 Neumann Drive, East Peoria. All fathers will be admitted free on their special day, 9 a.m.-3 p.m.
Fon du Lac Farm Park offers a unique glimpse of what 1920's farm life was like on a Central Illinois farm. Opened in 1981 and enclosed within six acres of Neumann Park, this facility offers a variety of activities that let visitors experience a day on the farm. There are live farm animals to feed, a red barn to play in, and three ponds to enjoy. Farm Park includes a country kitchen museum, playgrounds and silo slide.
Admission varies, starting with $2.50 for children, 1-15 years of age, and $3 for adults, 16 and older.
–Tazewell County News Briefs–
Will Moody - Director of Business Development
Contact
Christopher Mullen
Director of Communications
***@provectusenv.com Christopher MullenDirector of Communications
End
-- Provectus Environmental Products, Inc. is excited to announce that Mr. Will Moody has joined the firm as Director of Business Development. Will is located in our newly established New Jersey office. Will joins us after 14 years at a premier remediation firm with offices in the mid-Atlantic where he was responsible for technical sales, business development and field support throughout North America. Here at Provectus, Mr. Moody will provide client advocacy and develop strategic partnerships providing our advanced remedial technologies to address the needs of our international clients. Will has a strong and diverse background in applied environmental sciences, and has been a leader in the remediation market for over 15 years."We are very fortunate to have Will join our team" stated Dr. Jim Mueller, President at Provectus. "In today's marketplace it is very difficult to recruit experienced, truly talented professionals with the unique combination of technical aptitude, business savvy, and a genuine appreciation for client value. If you worked with Will in the past, you have experienced his positive attitude and work ethic. We are very excited to have Will play a leading role in our continued growth as we expand our client base and diversify our technologies into new and emerging markets", stated Mueller."I'm excited to begin the next phase of my career with the Provectus team and our valued clients. This opportunity allows me to use my remediation experience while continuing to offer the environmental industry innovative solutions," said Mr. Moody. "I'm looking forward to building on the technologies that Provectus currently offers and introducing these options to my industry friends and colleagues."You can contact Will via email at will.moody@provectusenv.com or (908) 581-6291.advanced; higher level of knowledge. Provectus Environmental Products represents applied remedial sciences at a different level. We provide patented, proprietary and patent-pending performance chemicals to the soil and groundwater remediation industry. We specialize in the development and global commercialization of next-generation, synergistic ISCR and ISCO remedial technologies. Our proprietary remedial technologies represent the safest, most effective, and most cost-efficient solutions available.We are not consultants. Our business model is to support RPs, environmental engineers, technical consultants, governmental regulators, and the wider academic community by providing design and selection of cost-effective remediation strategies. We have a valued reputation for:Ph.D. level staff with over 25 years' experience in environmental biotechnology;inventors and developers of multiple physical, chemical and/or biological remediation technologies.Guaranteed performance and other warranties offered in conjunction with strategic providers and partners.Safer chemistries, Safer packaging.Logistics with no surprises, no excuses, no frustration. User-friendly and cordial account management personnel.Safer, more effective, more cost-efficient remedial actions. "Do it Right the First Time" - avoid problems associated with new and emerging regulations for methane in groundwater, soil gas, and indoor air.The Provectus line of patented environmental remediation products are truly different, and they represent genuinely unique chemistries:they are not simply "me too" modifications of existing environmental technologies. As you review our technology portfolio, common features will be apparent: a clear focus on safety, tangible cost efficiencies, demonstrated effectiveness, distinguishable ease of use, and recognizable quality at the highest level• Provect-CH4Methanogen Inhibitor and ERD/ISCR Supplement: Water-soluble amendment that can be used as a supplement to effectively control methane production when combined with various ERD amendments (e.g., [emulsified]oils, lecithin, lactates, molasses, sugars, etc) or conventional ISCR reagents that do not (and cannot) have antimethanogenic compounds.• Provect-IRSolid Antimethanogenic ISCR Reagent: As the prime originator and developer of the original ISCRs reagent circa 2003, we know that Provect-IR is a genuine improvement on the ISCR process and its older product formulations. Provect-IR is a much more efficient, cost effective and safer ISCR approach = can use less amendment and get equivalent results.• Provect-IRMSolid Antimethanogenic ISCR Reagent / Metal Stabilization Reagent: The Provect technology core makes this a more effective means of metal immobilization/ISCR that minimizes production of methylmetal(loids) for safer, more effective, long-term immobilization.• ERD-CH4and ERD-CH4Ole Ego Liquid Antimethanogenic ISCR Reagent: The most effective, cost-efficient formulation of a liquid, antimethanogenic ERD amendment that can be applied via screened systems. By inhibiting methanogenesis, this is a more efficient (saves an estimated 15 to >30% of the carbon amendment), longer-lived and safer ERD approach (fewer vapor intrusions issues).• Provect-OXSelf-Activating ISCO / Enhanced Bioremediation Reagent: Persulfate-based ISCO reagent that is unique in terms of its safety (no extreme activators; no heat generated) and effectiveness, as it actively integrates enhanced bioremediation as part of the overall treatment process - only ISCO reagent designed to manage rebound.• AquaGate-CH4Composite, Antimethanogenic Reactive Capping Technology: Developed in collaboration with AquaBlok, LTD subaqueous caps can be constructed more effectively by minimizing gas ebullition and contaminant methylation.• EZVI-CH4Antimethanogenic DNAPL Treatment: Unique reagent can be used for safe and effective treatment of chlorinated solvent DNAPL sources.• Provect-GSNAPL Immobilization Technology: A liquid reagent developed in collaboration Beazer East, Inc. for in situ geophysicochemical immobilization (ISGI) of DNAPL sources.For more information about Provectus Environmental Products, Inc., please call (815) 650-2230 or visit www.provectusenvironmental.com
The Philippine and Japanese central banks have signed a restated currency swap arrangement that will allow monetary authorities to stabilize exchange rates during times of volatility.
Advertisements
“The Bank of Japan, acting as agent for the Minister of Finance of Japan, and the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas, signed the Restatement Agreement of the third Bilateral Swap Arrangement (restated BSA) to take effect today,” the central bank announced on Friday.
It said the arrangement would enable the Philippines to continue to swap the peso against the Japanese yen, “in addition to US dollars of up to $12 billion equivalent for the Philippines and $500 million for Japan”.
Currency swaps are useful in times of economic stress, when normal foreign exchange markets can seize up, as these allow monetary authorities to buy local currencies with something much more liquid, usually the US dollar.
“The authorities of both countries believe that the strengthened bilateral financial cooperation will contribute to the stability of financial markets, promote the use of local currency including the Japanese yen in Asia in the medium term, and thereby further develop growing economic and trade ties between the Philippines and Japan,” the Bangko Sentral said.
The original third bilateral swap agreement between the BSP and BoJ was signed in October 2014.
That time, the BSP doubled the limit of the currency it could exchange with the BoJ to $12 billion from $6 billion, while Japan set a swap limit of $500 million.
A Syngenta logo is pictured in their office in Singapore, February 12, 2016. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
ZURICH Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta AG (SYNN.S) said Mexican regulatory conditions for approving ChemChina's [CNNCC.UL] planned $43 billion (34.44 billion pounds) takeover bid will not have a major impact on the business.
Mexico's antitrust commission COFECE approved the deal on Tuesday on condition that Syngenta divests five products, without naming them, in order to avoid risks to competition.
If the deal were carried out as originally planned by the firms, free competition would be placed at risk in certain herbicide and fungicide markets, COFECE said.
A Syngenta spokesman said the regulator's remarks were in line with the company's announcement on Monday that COFECE had approved the proposed acquisition by ChemChina.
"This approval included remedies, which are not material to our business," he said in an email.
The deal is one of several reshaping the agricultural chemicals and seeds market, even as these deals trigger fears among some farmers that bigger, more powerful suppliers could be better placed to push up prices and economise on developing new herbicides and pesticides.
Syngenta expects the deal to close in the second quarter of 2017.
U.S. antitrust authorities have nodded the deal through on Tuesday on condition ChemChina divests three products, while the European Commission said planned asset sales would address its competition concerns.
(Reporting by Oliver Hirt and Michael Shields, editing by Louise Heavens)
March 30 Automotive Properties Real Estate Investment Trust:
* Automotive Properties REIT agrees to acquire dealership properties in Calgary, AB and Barrie, on for a combined purchase price of $32.5 million
* Automotive Properties Real Estate Investment - addition of properties expected to be immediately accretive to REIT's "AFFO" on a per-unit basis
* Automotive Properties Real Estate Investment Trust- purchase price for Heritage Honda Property is $23.6 million
* Automotive Properties Real Estate Investment Trust - Barrie Volkswagen Property is being acquired from Dilawri Group for $8.9 million
* Automotive Properties REIT -to satisfy purchase price through combination of proceeds from offering of units in Feb 2017, existing credit facilities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Line-ups for the third and final Test between Sri Lanka and India on Saturday in Pallekele, Sri Lanka India won toss and decided to bat Sri Lanka: Dimuth Karunaratne, Upul Tharanga, Kusal Mendis, Dinesh Chandimal (capt), Angelo Mathews, Niroshan Dickwella, Dilruwan Perera, Malinda Pushpakumara, Lakshan Sandakan, Vishwa Fernando, Lahiru Kumara India: Shikhar Dhawan, Lokesh Rahul, Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli (capt), Ajinkya Rahane, Ravichandran Ashwin, Wriddhiman Saha, Hardik Pandya, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Shami, Umesh Yadav Referees: Richard Illingworth (Umpire), Rod Tucker (Umpire), Bruce Oxenford (TV umpire), Richie Richardson (Match referee)
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam Pause
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
NEW YORK (AP) — Graduate teaching and research assistants at Columbia University have walked off the job to try to pressure the university to recognize their decision to unionize.
The graduate students set up a picket line outside the main campus administration building Tuesday. They say their strike will last one week.
Teaching and research assistants at Columbia voted overwhelmingly in 2016 for representation by the United Auto Workers. The university said in January that it would not bargain with the graduate students.
Provost John Coatsworth said the university would instead ask a federal appeals court to rule on whether student assistants are workers with the right to collective bargaining.
Advertisement
Columbia administrators did not immediately comment on the strike.
The last day of classes at Columbia is April 30. Finals start May 4.
Harlow MP Raises Bouncy Castle Concerns At PMQ's
During Primer Ministers Questions today, the MP for Harlow asked Theresa May to "urgently review" the regulations surrounding bouncy castles.
It's after the death of two little girls involving inflatables.
Robert Halfon said he was contacted by the grandmother of 7 year old Summer Grant, who was killed in 2016 in his constituency, when the bouncy castle she was on blew away.
And he said there was another "horrific fatality" this weekend, when three-year-old Ava-May Littleboy died from a head injury when she was thrown from a bouncy castle in Gorleston-on-Sea, near Great Yarmouth, on Sunday morning.
Mr Halfon told the Commons he had also been contacted by parents around the country who said their children had been injured in similar circumstances.
He asked: "Will (Mrs May) urgently review the regulations around bouncy castles and inflatables and implement a temporary ban on bouncy castles and inflatables in public areas until we know that they can be safe?"
Mrs May offered her condolences to the families of Ava-May and Summer.
She said: "I do share (Mr Halfon's) concerns about these tragic incidents.
"As regards the incident that took place at the weekend, I understand Norfolk Police, aided and working with the Health and Safety Executive, have started an investigation into the incident.
"It's too early to know the cause of the incident but if any findings emerge from the investigation then the necessary recommendations to improve safety will be shared across the relevant sectors as soon as possible."
April 5 Echo Polska Properties N.V.:
* Announces an equity raising of approximately zar 1 650 million through issue of new ordinary shares
* Equity raise will be offered to qualifying investors through an accelerated book build process conducted on JSE and LUXSE
* Book build is now open
* Pricing and allocations will be announced as soon as practicable following closing of book build.
* Java Capital is acting as sole bookrunner. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
* Yields hover just above multi-week lows
* Fed balance sheet trim could slow rate hikes
* Bonds unmoved as Czechs abandon currency cap
* Chance of ECB rate rise in Dec below 20 percent
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Adds ECB minutes, Czech cap removal)
By John Geddie
LONDON, April 6 Euro zone government bond yields hovered near multi-week lows on Thursday as investors weighed up the outlook for monetary policy in two of the world's largest economic blocs.
Minutes from the U.S. central bank's last meeting released late on Wednesday showed most policymakers favour trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year.
While this would be a tightening move, some analysts said it may affect other policy levers and slow the pace of interest rate hikes, prompting a mixed market reaction.
Suggestions from the U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan that fiscal stimulus via tax reform could be some way off was also seen capping moves in U.S Treasury yields and, in turn, the euro zone's flagship German yield, which has halved over the past three weeks.
In Europe, comments from European central bankers Mario Draghi, Peter Praet and Vitor Constancio suggested the ECB would not change its policy message this month in the face of mounting calls from Germany for it to wind down its stimulus.
A source close to ECB discussions told Reuters last week that changes to its forward guidance had been over-interpreted by markets, which had immediately begun to price in the prospect of rate increases at the end of the year.
"The FOMC's focus on ending its re-investments and downbeat comments on a swift U.S. tax stimulus weighed on risk sentiment," Commerzbank analyst Rainer Guntermann said.
Thursday's ditching by the Czech central bank of its cap on the crown against the euro had little effect on euro zone bonds.
Germany's 10-year bond yield - the bloc's benchmark - held at 0.25 percent, close to a one-month low of 0.24 percent reached on Tuesday. It remains far from the 14-month high of 0.51 percent reached in mid-March.
Most other euro zone yields were flat to slightly lower, though Ireland was a notable outperformer, the yield on its 10-year government bond dropping 4 basis points to a one-month low of 0.94 percent.
The yield on France's 10-year government bond dropped 2.2 bps, adding to Wednesday's 2.5 bps fall on easing concerns over the outcome of next month's presidential election runoff.
Money market pricing suggests investors see less than a 20 percent chance the ECB will raise rates at the end of this year, down from as much as 70 percent at the end of last month .
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Editing by Andrew Bolton and John Stonestreet)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Samantha Bloom, who is disabled and uses a wheelchair, repeatedly called police about her son, James Alex Fields Jr., in 2010 and 2011, telling officers he was on medication to control his temper, transcripts from 911 calls show.
Fields, 20, is accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
Fields, described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, was charged with second-degree murder.
A judge denied him bail Monday after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest.
Fields was assigned a local attorney, and another hearing was set for Aug. 25.
Records show that Fields was arrested and put in juvenile detention after his mother reported in 2011 that he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife.
In another incident in 2010, she said her son smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. There was no indication in the records that he was arrested.
Also Monday, a former classmate told The Associated Press that on a school trip to Europe in 2015, a teenage Fields couldn't stand the French and said he only went on the trip so that he could visit “the Fatherland” — Germany.
“He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us,” said Keegan McGrath.
McGrath, now 18, said he challenged Fields on his beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. He said he went home after three or four days because he couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because he had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
“He was just a normal dude” most of the time, though he occasionally made “dark” jokes that put his class on edge, including one “offhand joke” about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
McGrath said Fields was no outcast: “He had friends. He had people who would chat with him.”
Meanwhile, under pressure to speak out more forcefully, President Donald Trump condemned Ku Klux Klan members, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” and declared that “racism is evil.”
Trump's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name, and his blaming of the violence on “many sides,” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats.
A teacher who taught Fields in high school said Sunday that Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Hitler, and had been singled out in the ninth grade by officials at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky, for his “deeply held, radical” convictions on race.
Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, according to the teacher, Derek Weimer.
Fields later enlisted in the Army and reported for basic training in 2015 but was released from active duty four months later because of what military described only as “a failure to meet training standards.”
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers in a helicopter crash.
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the protest against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. The group on Sunday denied any association with Fields.
Associated Press writer Brian Witte in Annapolis, Maryland, contributed to this report.
STOCKHOLM, March 29 Sweden's state gambling monopoly should be largely scrapped and replaced with a system where online gambling companies are licensed and taxed, a government-appointed investigation will propose this week, a source familiar with the matter said.
The special investigator leading the review, Hakan Hallstedt, will recommend that online gambling firms pay a tax of 18 percent on their gross gaming revenue, said the source, who had reviewed the proposal ahead of its presentation on Friday.
The proposal would aim to ensure that the percentage of licensed and tax-generating gambling amount to 90 percent of the Swedish market.
By scrapping the decades-old monopoly, the centre-left government hopes to bring foreign-based online gambling companies such as Kindred Group and Betsson , which operate from outside Sweden and have taken a growing share of online betting, under its regulatory sway.
(Reporting by Johan Sennero; editing by Niklas Pollard and Johan Ahlander)
TVNZ secures exclusive broadcast rights to 2021 America's Cup
The next America's Cup will be live and free to air on TV and across TVNZ's online platforms.
SYDNEY Australia's foreign investment watchdog has cleared Chinese- backed coal miner Yancoal Australia Ltd (YAL.AX) to pursue its $2.45 billion acquisition of Rio Tinto's (RIO.AX) (RIO.L) Coal and Allied Division, Yancoal said on Thursday.
The approval by Australia's Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) marked a critical milestone for Yancoal, representing the government's support for investment in the resources sector, Yancoal said.
Yancoal said it expects to complete the deal in the third quarter of 2017. Its purchase of the Rio Tinto coal assets had not led to any political controversy in Australia.
FIRB has yet to approve a A$7.37 billion bids for utility firm DUET Group (DUE.AX) led by Hong Kong's Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings (CKI) (1038.HK).
DUET's assets include a state electricity grid. CKI and China's State Grid Corp last year had their bid for a larger state electricity grid, Ausgrid, rejected by the Australian government based on unspecified national security concerns.
Australia in January set up a new body to vet foreign investment in critical infrastructure assets, which include power grids but not coal mines.
(Reporting by James Regan and Jamie Freed; Editing by Sandra Maler and Stephen Coates)
(Repeats with no changes to text)
* OPEC states tended to cut heavier oil, driving up price
* North Sea premium over Middle East crudes now eroded
* Asian demand for North Sea crude may outlive OPEC cuts
By Amanda Cooper and Florence Tan
LONDON/SINGAPORE, April 27 OPEC production cuts have created record Asian demand for European oil and made China the second biggest consumer of North Sea crude as flows from its usual Middle East suppliers dip.
Rising Asian appetite for North Sea crude has largely been fuelled by the falling premium charged for North Sea crude over rival Middle East oil and this demand could last beyond OPEC's supply cuts if that favourable pricing persists.
Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows China imported almost 38 million barrels of North Sea crude from the start of the year until late April, compared with about 8 million barrels by the same point in 2016.
China now lies second to Britain, the biggest consumer of North Sea crude, which had bought 49.7 million barrels by late April this year. In January to April 2016, China ranked seventh.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other non-OPEC producers agreed to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 to lift prices and reduce global inventories.
With stockpiles still bulging, Gulf producers and other producers say cuts could be extended to December, adding a further incentive for Asian buyers to look beyond their usual suppliers.
"East of Suez, crude balances look like they will get progressively tighter year-on-year all the way through to the end of 2017," FGE analyst James Davis said.
"We suspect there will be, from a supply perspective, a need for crude to move across to Asia from the North Sea," he said.
Reluctant to relinquish market share to U.S. oil shale producers, OPEC states have kept their official selling prices low and used their crude stockpiles to keep clients supplied.
But they have tended to cut output of medium, more sulphurous crudes that are cheaper, and maintained flows of lighter, less sulphur-rich oil, which usually sell for more.
With less of those medium crudes on the market prices for that oil have climbed, sending the premium that is usually paid for North Sea oil to its lowest since 2010 DUB-EFS-1M.
CRUDE DIET
The premium for North Sea Brent, the peg for many of world's lighter crudes, over the Dubai benchmark, which underpins medium and heavier grades common in the Middle East, has fallen below 50 cents a barrel from $2.50 in late November, when OPEC announced its cuts.
"North Sea crude keeps coming to Asia and now there should be more given the price structure," a trader at a North Asian refinery said.
China customs data shows the cost of importing North Sea oil was even more favourable in March, showing importing a barrel of British crude cost $56.70, compared with $57.80 for a barrel from the United Arab Emirates, even when the UAE lies 8,000 miles closer to China than Scotland's North Sea coast.
"North Sea oil suits the Korean diet and the Chinese can still take it if the price is right,” a Singapore-based trader said.
Other factors are also encouraging Asian consumers to seek out new suppliers. Chinese domestic oil production has been eroded because of weak oil prices, while refineries in the world's biggest car market have been expanding.
Overall, Asian refining capacity will expand by a net 450,000 bpd in 2017, a rise of 1.5 percent over Asia's total installed capacity now of nearly 29 million bpd, Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows.
"We expect imports to continue registering year-on-year gains as a narrow Brent-Dubai spread ... encourages the purchasing of Atlantic Basin crudes in Asia," Energy Aspects said in a note, even though it said China had "clearly overbought" crude in the first quarter of the year.
(Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore; Editing by Edmund Blair)
* Bond, stock inflows to continue for 3rd straight month in March
* BOK chief says current rates accommodative enough (Adds governor comments)
By Christine Kim
SEOUL, March 30 South Korea's central bank said on Thursday the country's stocks and bonds are set to see net inflows for a third straight month, quelling concerns over a possible selloff in the wake of the U.S. Federal Reserve rate hike earlier this month.
As of March 24, foreigners had bought a net 3.4 trillion won ($3.05 billion) worth of South Korean shares while they boosted their holdings of bonds by 1.1 trillion won, the Bank of Korea (BOK) said.
"Rate hikes by the U.S. Federal Reserve have the potential to lend hardship to our economy, but if they are carried out gradually the impact is not expected to be large," the BOK said in a report to parliament. But if the Fed's actions were to cause financial jitters in other emerging market economies, risks could rise and add to outflow pressure, the BOK said.
The central bank report reiterated its view that South Korea's economy would grow in the mid-2 percent range this year, but added there were many uncertainties.
Inflation would be around 2 percent, the bank said, roughly in line with its target.
Noting sluggish economic growth and mild inflationary pressure, the BOK said it would maintain its accommodative monetary policy stance.
When asked by a lawmaker if the central bank is considering quantitative easing, Governor Lee Ju-yeol said the current situation does not warrant such a policy.
"Right now when we look at our financial situation, credit flows and lending, it's all sufficient enough to boost the economy," said Lee to lawmakers in parliament.
"Real interest rates are at accommodative levels and currently it is not time to consider quantitative easing like some advanced economies have done."
The Bank of Kore has cut its policy rate to a record low of 1.25 percent over the past few years, but has kept it steady since mid-2016.
A majority of analysts see the bank standing pat until year end or longer before it starts tightening as household debt keeps accumulating at a swift pace while inflation has started to creep up.
The central bank's next rate-setting meeting will be held on April 13. ($1 = 1,113.6700 won) (Reporting by Christine Kim; Additional reporting by Cynthia Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The brand-new entertaining science exhibition created by 20 scientists will open in Rome, Italy
Contact
Alia, World Touring Exhibitions
***@worldconcertartists.org Alia, World Touring Exhibitions
End
-- Interactive Science (called Scientopolis in Rome) is a brand new and most interesting science exhibition: interactive, innovative, fun, educational and entertaining, it suits adults, students, children and families of any age.Interactive Science allows visitors to interact with the machines, experience and learn about science through fun: how the bones work, which you can learn while riding a bicycle; how fast your brain reacts; how to make an instrument sound without strings; how to move electrical lights with the movement of your hands and your own ability to even create electricity…Do you know that each part of your body actually contains a music note? Do you want to hear its sound? Or would you like to test your body balance in a fun way? Do you believe there is a possibility your child could beat you in a wrestling competition?Do you want to test your memory? Do you want to see yourself in the mirror exchanging faces or parts of it with your friends? Do you want to use your brain waves to control a ball and test whose brain waves are stronger with your friends and families? Do you want to experience an earthquake without been hurt?All the above dreams and curiosities will come true in this exhibition. wcj "Interactive Science - Believe What You Experience" brings you to experience the magic and art of science, math, physics, natural disasters, nature, solar energy, optics, lightning, biology, music, human body and more."Interactive Science - Believe What You Experience" is produced by World Touring Exhibitions in collaboration with scientists, physicists, geologists and astronomers:it combines both knowledge and fun challenges, through 50 interactive experiences.World Premiere: Guido Reni District, Rome, Italy, from 31st October 2017 under the name Scientopolis.
April 6 Klondex Mines Ltd
* Klondex Mines Ltd - On March 31, 2017, co, certain units and Investec Bank Plc entered into an amendment to facility agreement - SEC Filing
* Klondex Mines Ltd - Amendment amends $35.0 million secured revolving facility agreement with Investec, dated March 23, 2016 and amended on Oct. 27, 2016
* Klondex Mines Ltd - Amendment extends maturity date of revolver from March 23, 2018 to December 31, 2019, unless further extended by parties
* Klondex Mines Ltd - Amendment modifies reserves and resources required to be maintained by Klondex Source text: [bit.ly/2oeCqTS] Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 APX Group Inc -
* Announces exchange offer for its 7.875% senior secured notes due 2022
* Commencing an exchange offer for its outstanding $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.875% senior secured notes due 2022
* Offering to exchange all of outstanding notes for a like principal amount of its 7.875% senior secured notes due 2022
* Exchange offer will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on May 2, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds details from report)
OTTAWA, April 13 Canadian manufacturing sales declined less than expected in February after three consecutive months of increases, weighed down by declines in the vehicle assembly sector, data from Statistics Canada showed on Thursday.
The 0.2 percent decrease was not as steep as the 0.7 percent decline economists had expected, though January was revised down to a gain of 0.1 percent from an initially reported 0.6 percent.
Sales fell in 10 out of 21 industries in February, accounting for 37 percent of the manufacturing sector. Stripping out the effects of price changes, volumes were up 0.1 percent.
Sales in the motor vehicle assembly sector tumbled 5.3 percent as fewer vehicles were produced. A 5.0 percent decline in the petroleum and coal products sector weighed on overall sales as the sector was hurt by lower prices and volumes.
Forward-looking new orders rose 0.8 percent, led by increased demand in the transportation equipment, clothing and fabricated metal sectors.
The small dip in sales was not likely to change economists' expectations that economic growth was solid in the first quarter. The Bank of Canada on Wednesday revised up its growth forecast for the quarter to 3.8 percent.
(Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingham City?
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett says Birmingham City's situation is “serious” as they are left searching for their third manager of the campaign.
Gianfranco Zola resigned on Easter Monday after a chastening defeat to another of Rowett's former clubs Burton, and results elsewhere meant that Blues are three points above the drop zone with just three games to play.
Rowett, now Derby boss, was asked about his former club after the Rams' draw with Huddersfield, a former club for which he believes somebody must bring the side together in the remaining fixtures.
“I have mixed emotions,” said Rowett of Zola's departure.
“I'm not sure resigning with three games to go particularly helps Birmingham.
“If you look at the run they have been on, I can't tell you what's in someone else's head, but someone's going to have to pick up the pieces because they are in a serious, serious relegation fight.”
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
BRIEF-Gateway Lifestyle Group says FY17 underlying net profit guidance revised
* Sees FY17 ‍distributable earnings expected to be about $39 million for FY17, down $4.2 million on prior guidance​
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mo Salah is the darling of English football, riding high on every metric possible.
However, there is one table he is topping that he might not be so proud of.
While Salah is the Premier League's top goalscorer after netting four against Watford on the weekend, he also tops the league for the most gilt-edged chances missed.
The Egyptian superstar has spurned 19 top chances this season, believe it or not, putting him one ahead of former Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke in the league of shame.
However, Harry Kane, Sergio Aguero and Gabriel Jesus also make the list.
However, the former Villa striker, who has been goal shy ever since leaving Villa Park, has scored just two Premier League goals this year.
With eight matches left in the Premier League season for most sides, the Crystal Palace striker and Salah have missed 18 and 19 "big chances" respectively.
They're in good company - next on the list is top scorer Tottenham's Harry Kane, who is level with Chelsea's Alvaro Morata in missing 14 big chances this season.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2(Reuters) - China Resources Double-crane Pharmaceutical Co Ltd
* Says it received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Beijing Food and Drug Administration
* Certificate issued to large volume injection manufactured by the company and the valid period is until Jan. 8, 2023
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/RkQQe4
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Soccer-China reveals player levy level ahead of transfer window
HONG KONG, June 14 - China's top soccer clubs have until Sunday to respond to plans to introduce a transfer levy in an attempt to curb spiralling expenditure on overseas players.
April 5 Tennant Co
* Tennant Co - On April 4, 2017, co and foreign subsidiary borrowers from time to time party thereto entered into a credit agreement - SEC Filing
* Tennant Co - Agreement provides co, certain foreign subsidiaries access to a senior secured credit facility until April 4, 2022
* Tennant- Agreement consisting of multi-tranche term loan facility up to $400 million, revolving facility up to $200 million with option to expand by $150 million
* Tennant Co - In connection with agreement, co granted lenders a security interest in substantially all its personal property
* Tennant Co - In connection with agreement, co pledged stock of its domestic subsidiaries and 65 percent of stock of its first tier foreign subsidiaries Source text: [bit.ly/2o4CpRZ] Further company coverage:
May 3 Benchmark Puerto Rico general obligation bonds traded higher on Wednesday in the wake of the U.S. territory's filing for a form of bankruptcy protection.
Bonds due in 2035 with an 8 percent coupon traded at 67 cents on the dollar, up from a high of nearly 65 cents on Tuesday, according to Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board trading data.
Puerto Rico filed under Title III of the PROMESA law, which allows an in-court debt restructuring process akin to U.S. bankruptcy protection. The case was filed in U.S. District Court in Puerto Rico.
(Reporting By Karen Pierog; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 2 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the US championship matches on Saturday Saturday, April 1 DC United 2 Philadelphia Union 1 Houston Dynamo 4 New York Red Bulls 1 Minnesota United FC 4 Real Salt Lake 2 Vancouver Whitecaps 4 LA Galaxy 2 Chicago Fire 2 Montreal Impact 2 Columbus Crew 2 Orlando City SC 0 New York City FC 2 San Jose Earthquakes 1 Friday, March 31 Seattle Sounders 0 Atlanta United FC 0 Toronto FC 0 Sporting Kansas City 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts Eastern Conference 1 Columbus Crew 5 3 1 1 9 6 10 2 Atlanta United FC 4 2 1 1 11 3 7 3 New York City FC 4 2 1 1 7 3 7 4 New York Red Bulls 5 2 1 2 5 8 7 5 Orlando City SC 3 2 0 1 3 3 6 6 Toronto FC 4 1 3 0 4 2 6 7 Chicago Fire 4 1 2 1 5 7 5 8 DC United 4 1 1 2 2 7 4 9 New England Revolution 3 1 0 2 6 5 3 10 Montreal Impact 4 0 3 1 5 6 3 11 Philadelphia Union 4 0 2 2 4 6 2 Western Conference 1 Portland Timbers 4 3 0 1 12 6 9 2 Houston Dynamo 4 3 0 1 11 7 9 3 FC Dallas 3 2 1 0 4 2 7 4 San Jose Earthquakes 4 2 0 2 6 6 6 5 Sporting Kansas City 4 1 3 0 2 1 6 6 Seattle Sounders 4 1 2 1 6 5 5 7 Colorado Rapids 3 1 1 1 3 3 4 8 Vancouver Whitecaps 4 1 1 2 6 7 4 9 Minnesota United FC 5 1 1 3 10 20 4 10 LA Galaxy 4 1 0 3 5 8 3 11 Real Salt Lake 5 0 2 3 3 8 2 Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, April 3 Portland Timbers v New England Revolution (0100)
House Republicans on Friday released a partisan and bitterly disputed memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, says there was "a troubling breakdown of legal processes" in the Russia investigation.
President Donald Trump, who advocated for the memo's release over the fierce objections of the Justice Department and the FBI, told reporters the document shows "a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
"I think it's terrible," Trump said. "You want to know the truth. I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace."
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The memo, which the FBI has said is inaccurate and missing critical context, asserts that current and former FBI and Justice Department leaders signed off on a surveillance warrant to monitor communications of a former Trump campaign associate.
The document also asserts that opposition research, conducted by a British spy and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign, formed a critical basis for the allegations contained in the warrant application.
They say that research should not have been a basis for the warrant because it contains unproven allegations.
The release of the memo is likely to further divide Trump and his FBI and Justice Department leaders, and the president lashed out anew on Friday morning on Twitter. He has supported the memo release in apparent hopes that it could help undermine the probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller, which he has called a "witch hunt."
"The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!" Trump tweeted.
The tweet came as U.S. news coverage was dominated by reports that the FBI and the Justice Department had objected strenuously to the memo's release. Earlier this week, the FBI declared it had "grave concerns" about its accuracy.
Trump's tweet and his approval of the memo release set up a clash with the man he picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier "this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice."
Democrats say the memo cherry-picks intelligence in an effort to smear law enforcement investigating whether Trump associates collaborated with Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election.
"This is designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI, to undermine the investigation, to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation. And it's a tremendous disservice to the American people," Rep. Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CBS "This Morning."
The document was written by GOP lawmakers as part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department early in Russia investigation, before special counsel Robert Mueller was appointed to take it over.
White House officials say Trump intends to clear the way for publication of the memo. One White House official said Congress would probably be informed of Trump's decision Friday, adding that the president was "OK" with its release. A second White House official said Trump was likely to declassify the congressional memo but the precise method for making it public was still being figured out. The officials were not authorized to be quoted about private deliberations and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The House intelligence panel voted along party lines Monday to put the memo out, giving Trump five days to reject the release under committee rules. But Trump also has the power to declassify the document himself and either release it or hand it to Congress to release. One of the White House officials said the memo would be in "Congress' hands" after Trump declassified it and there were unlikely to be any redactions to the document.
Senior FBI officials, including Wray, have also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that it could set a dangerous precedent.
Democrats on the intelligence panel made a last-ditch effort Wednesday evening to stop the release, saying the memo had been "secretly altered" by the Republicans who wrote it. In a letter to the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, Schiff wrote that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the vote Monday.
"The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release," Schiff said in the letter.
Schiff asked Nunes for another vote on the memo, but Republicans didn't appear to waver. Nunes spokesman Jack Langer said the committee vote was "procedurally sound."
"To suggest otherwise is a bizarre distraction from the abuses detailed in the memo, which the public will hopefully soon be able to read for themselves," Langer said.
This all comes as special counsel Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by, among other actions, firing Comey. Republicans have intensified their pressure on the Justice Department as Mueller's probe has moved closer to Trump's inner circle.
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that he believes the document will validate his concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him, according to one outside adviser familiar with those conversations but not authorized to speak publicly about private discussions.
The president also has told allies that he believes the memo bolsters his claim that accusations of collusion between his campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit his election.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer are pressing House Speaker Paul Ryan to stop the release.
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well: "All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy."
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Indonesia is immunizing millions of children and teenagers against diphtheria after the disease killed 38 people, mostly children, since January.
Children in school uniforms and toddlers clinging to their parents received shots at a high school in Indonesia's capital, Jakarta, on the first day of the campaign Monday.
Diphtheria is a bacterial disease that can cause breathing difficulties, heart failure and paralysis. It was more or less eradicated in Indonesia in the 1990s but health officials say it has re-emerged in the past four years because immunization rates have dropped, partly reflecting fears about vaccines.
The first stage of the $112 million campaign aims to vaccinate 8 million people under the age of 19 in Jakarta and the populous provinces of Banten and West Java.
Advertisement
The outbreak is "likely due to some people refusing immunization which causes their children's antibodies and resistance to be low," Health Minister Nila Moeloek said after visiting a hospital where more than 30 diphtheria patients were being treated.
She said there could be a variety of reasons why increased numbers of parents are refusing immunizations.
The disease disappeared during the three-decade rule of Indonesian dictator Suharto when a family education program sent volunteers such as the wives of government officials into villages where they talked to mothers about nutrition and sanitation and reminded them about national immunization days.
The program was abandoned after Suharto's ouster in 1998, and a subsequent decentralization of government in Indonesia has complicated the work of health officials. Rumors that vaccinations are dangerous and violate Islamic law have also gained currency in the world's most populous Muslim nation.
The result, according to Elizabeth Jane Soepardi, who oversees immunization policy at the Ministry of Health, is that immunization rates dropped in some communities.
"I didn't even know about immunization," said Satiyah, a 46-year-old mother of three whose adult son is being treated in an isolation ward for diphtheria after developing fever and nausea.
"None of my children has been immunized since birth," said Satiyah, who goes by one name. She said now that she risks losing her son she will allow her 15-year-old daughter to be immunized.
Residents of Ijegun-Imore, a Satellite Town in Lagos, on Monday blocked the main entrance of the Festac Business Unit of Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC), protesting over eight months of power outage in their areas.
The protesters, who stormed the EKEDC office in their hundreds, also prevented officials of the company and electricity consumers from entering the premises.
While chanting various solidarity songs, they carried placards with different inscriptions.
Some of the inscriptions were: “Privatisation of EKEDC is a Scam; Our businesses are dying; Government should come to our rescue; Give us prepaid meters; We are tired of estimated billings.”
Mr Ikechukwu Osuchukwu, the Chairman, New Site Estate Landlords/Residents Association, who led the protesters, said that the community had been in darkness since August.
“The New Site Estate, Ijegun-Imore, Satellite Town, had been on load shedding since 2013 with outrageous bills still coming from Eko Disco until the community transformer got burnt in August.
“Before it got burnt, the local government chairman in the area gave the community a brand new 500KVA transformer.
“We wrote the management of EKEDC to install the new transformer to relief the old one, but they did not come until it exploded.
“After the first protest late December, the official came to the community and promised to repair and install the transformers.
“Since then, the technical team installing the transformers has been complaining of lack of materials to complete the work.
“Even, when we offered to assist them, they said no and they had since left the site two weeks ago without doing anything,” he said.
Also, Mr Kamorudeen Akorede, the Chairman, Electricity Committee of New Site Estate, said that the protesters would not allow the EKDC officials to enter their offices until they restored electricity to the areas.
Akorede said that the affected areas were David West/ East Street, Ogbodu Street, Oguga Street, Eluneko Street, Ezema Street, Olanrewaju Street, Omoja Street and Dominie Street.
He said that the residents also want the EKEDC to install prepaid meters in every home in the community.
In his comments, Prince Zubby Anazodo, one of the protesters, stated that businesses that depend on electricity had been crippled due to the power outage.
“Those into frozen foods business and welders in the area are no longer in business.
“We cannot sleep in the night because of the heat and mosquitoes bite we are suffering.
“The sound of different generating set also constituted nuisance in the area.
“The hoodlums are now taking advantage of the outage to rob innocent residents; please help us, enough is enough,” he said.
Addressing the protesters, Mr Wasiu Jimoh, the Business Manager, EKEDC Festac Business Unit, appealed to the protesters to be calmed and patient.
“I have given instructions that the faulty transformer should be repaired and electricity restored to the areas within a week, but it was delayed due to bureaucracy.
“As I speak, the technical crews are collecting materials to fix the two transformers.
“I am assuring you that before the end of this week, electricity supply will be restored to your community.
“The two transformers will be installed, work has been completed on this equipment.
“Other issues like prepaid meters and billings will be resolved one after the other,” he told the protesters. (NAN)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 29 Novo Nordisk
* Says has resubmitted the new drug application (NDA) for fast-acting insulin aspart as a class II re-submission to the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
* Says FDA requested in October additional information related to the assay for the immunogenicity and the assay used to generate the clinical pharmacokinetics data before the review of the NDA could be completed
* Says has now evaluated the content of the Complete Response Letter and completed the End-of-Review meeting with FDA
* Says expects to receive feedback from FDA in last quarter of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Copenhagen newsroom)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
An ammunition dealer who has acknowledged selling hundreds of rounds of tracer bullets to a gunman responsible for killing 58 people in Las Vegas was charged on Friday with conspiracy to make and sell armor-piercing ammunition without a license.
Douglas Haig, 55, of the Phoenix suburb of Mesa, Arizona, became the first person arrested and charged in connection with the October 1st massacre, which ended when the perpetrator, Stephen Paddock, killed himself.
But Haig told a news conference at the office of his attorney on Friday that none of the surplus military ammunition he sold Paddock in September was ever fired during the killing spree, which ranks as the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history. Nearly 500 people were injured.
Haig said he had no inkling of any criminal intent by Paddock. The ammunition dealer said Paddock told him, when asked, that he planned to use the tracer bullets to “put on a light show either with, or for, his friends” in the desert.
Paddock strafed a crowd of outdoor concert-goers with rapid-fire gunshots from his high-rise suite at the Mandalay Bay hotel before police stormed his room to find the 64-year-old retiree dead. No motive for the massacre has ever been established.
Haig said he was certain the gunman never used any of the 720 rounds of magnesium-packed tracer bullets Paddock had purchased from him.
“You would have seen red streaks coming from the window. And there weren't red steaks coming from the window,” he said.
His lawyer, Marc Victor, suggested the casualty toll would have been lower had the tracer rounds been used, because victims would have seen the trajectory of gunfire in the dark and been able to take cover more easily.
“It's probably a bad thing that the ammunition Doug sold was not used,” Victor said.
Haig also said there was nothing suspicious in Paddock's demeanor when he visited Haig's home to make the purchase.
“He was very well dressed, very well groomed, very polite, very respectful - told me what he wanted, I gathered it up, put it in a box, told him what he owed me. He paid me, put it in his car and drove away,” Haig recounted.
Victor called it “a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the sate of Arizona.” Victor said the two men had no further contact.
Victor said Haig got into the ammunition re-sale business in 1991 as a hobby, and has always been a “law-abiding citizen.”
Haig was charged with a single count of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition, which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, according to the statement.
The criminal complaint, filed in a US District court in Phoenix, said Haig previously had run an internet business selling armor-piercing bullets - including high-explosive and incendiary rounds - throughout the United States.
It said some merchandise sold through that business consisted of cartridges that had been “reloaded,” or assembled from component parts, though Haig lacked a license to make such ammunition for sale.
According to the complaint, Haig insisted to investigators that while he reloads ammunition cartridges for himself, he never offered them to paying customers and that none reloaded by him would turn up at the crime scene in Las Vegas.
However, prosecutors said Haig's fingerprints were found on some of the unfired rounds in Paddock's hotel suite and that armor-piercing cartridges recovered there bore tool marks matching the reloading equipment in Haig's workshop.
Haig made an initial court appearance before a federal magistrate in Phoenix and was freed on his own recognizance under conditional release pending a February 15th status conference set for the case, prosecutors said. – Reuters
Trump ranks dead last on list of 'Presidential Greatness' A group of historians and political scientists have ranked President Trump dead last in their survey of “Presidential Greatness.” The survey had Trump at the bottom behind Presidents James Buchanan...
Cuomo invokes Lincoln law to challenge tax reform Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Friday claimed Abe Lincoln as an ally in his fight against the new federal tax code. In a conference call, Cuomo joined the governors of New...
Why presidents started pardoning turkeys America's luckiest turkey is a big country-music fan. The gobbler — who will take center stage at the White House on Tuesday to receive a presidential pardon — prefers 95.7...
Abraham Lincoln letter mystery solved 150 years later Forensic linguists say they have likely unraveled the mystery surrounding a famous Civil War-era letter, long believed to have been written by President Abraham Lincoln. Historians have argued for years...
Trump's embrace of Andrew Jackson could let Democrats steal Honest Abe President Trump is trying to do for Andrew Jackson what Lin-Manuel Miranda did for Alexander Hamilton. Trump, like Miranda, is out to restore the reputation of a great American figure...
Why Trump should expect his presidency to be a drag-out fight In the month since Donald Trump was inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States, his opponents on the left, in the media and in the Deep State of...
This secret room in Mount Rushmore is having a moment Abraham Lincoln holds the history of our country's past. Literally. Tucked inside Lincoln's frontal lobe in Mount Rushmore in Keystone, South Dakota is a secret, inaccessible-to-the-public chamber. The vault was designed...
What Donald Trump and Andrew Jackson have in common Donald Trump, the man who pulled off one of the biggest election upsets in American history, has a background unlike any of our previous 44 presidents: He had no experience...
Trump to be sworn in using two Bibles President-elect Donald Trump will be sworn into office using two Bibles — one belonging to Abraham Lincoln, and the other a gift from his mom, the inaugural committee announced Tuesday....
Britain Rowing - 2017 Oxford v Cambridge University Boat Race - River Thames, London - 2/4/17 The Oxford crew (L) and Cambridge (R) during the boat race Reuters / Toby Melville Livepic
Britain Rowing - 2017 Oxford v Cambridge University Boat Race - River Thames, London - 2/4/17 The Oxford crew celebrate with the trophy after winning the men's Boat Race Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs Livepic
LONDON Oxford won the 163rd University boat race on Sunday, beating Cambridge by more than a length in one of the longest running competitions in world sport.
The Oxford crew were favourites going into the race, first rowed in 1829, and secured the favoured Surrey side of the Thames where the long bend after Hammersmith Bridge worked in their favour.
There had been fears that the race could be called off because of the discovery of a World War II bomb in the river near the start at Putney Bridge on Saturday. But specialists safely removed the shell early on Sunday and both the men and women rowed in calm, sunny conditions.
By halfway down the 6.8km course between Putney and Mortlake in southwest London, the Oxford men's crew, 26 kg lighter than Cambridge, had opened clear water.
Cambridge made a last push after Barnes Bridge but could not catch their rivals who finished in 17 minutes.
Oxford's jubilant James Cook clambered down the boat after they crossed the line to embrace his brother Oliver, rowing further back.
"It's extremely special, there's a special bond rowing with your brother," James Cook told the BBC. "We did the job, we were clinical."
Cambridge won the earlier women's race in a record time of 18 minutes 34 seconds, dominating from the start after Oxford's Rebecca Esselstein committed an elementary mistake known as catching a crab and her crew could not make up the deficit.
(Reporting by Clare Lovell; editing by Brian Homewood)
JAKARTA: Indonesia's former parliament speaker was handed a 15-year prison term on Tuesday in a victory for an ongoing clamp-down on widespread corruption. Setya Novanto had been accused of taking millions in kickbacks and bribes linked to the national roll-out of government ID cards. Prosecutors had demanded a 16-year sentence, some $7.4 million in fines and the seizure of Novanto's considerable assets if he failed to pay the penalty. Novanto, who had managed to sidestep corruption allegations in the past, was accused of playing a key role in embezzlement from the $440 million ID card project, with some $170 million disappearing from state coffers. Several other politicians, government officials and businessmen have been charged in the scandal. Novanto, who dodged questioning by Indonesia's anti-corruption agency for months, was arrested in hospital in November after he claimed to have been injured in a car crash. The reported accident came shortly after a failed raid on his palatial estate in a ritzy part of the capital.
AFP
A bicycle has been hit by a car close to the BP garage in Clive this morning.
The incident was reported around 8 :10am and police and ambulance are in attendance.
A Police spokeswoman said there were no injuries.
The following people have been sentenced at magistrates courts in the county:
NORTHAMPTON
Kevin Andrew Dexter
Havelock Street, Kettering. Age: 44
On 01/05/2017 in Kettering dishonestly undertook or assisted in the retention, removal, disposal or realisation of stolen goods, namely a Halifax Visa debit card by or for the benefit of another person, or dishonestly arranged so to do, knowing or believing the same to be stolen goods.
Plea: Guilty. Discharged conditionally for 12 months, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £20, costs of £85.
Jamie Craig Magee
No fixed address. Age: 27
On 17/11/2016 in Kettering, knowing that a motor vehicle had been taken without the consent of the owner or other lawful authority, drove the said vehicle; while banned from driving; without insurance; on 23/11/2016 stole fuel, to the value of £30.21, from the Jet garage, Corby; on 24/11/2016 drove a motor vehicle in Rockingham Road, Corby, while banned from driving; without insurance; on 16/06/2017 in Corby stole bank cards; at the Shell Garage, Corby, committed fraud in that you dishonestly made a false representation, namely using a bank card to buy goods to make a gain for yourself, intending to cause loss to another person or to expose that person to a risk of loss.
Plea: Guilty. Jailed for 18 weeks, banned from driving for six months, to pay compensation of £29.27.
Derice Antony Davis
Oaks Drive, Higham Ferrers. Age: 22
On 15/11/2016 in Rushden, stole wheels.
Plea: Guilty. Discharged conditionally for two years, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £20, costs of £85, tools used in commission of offence to be forfeited and destroyed.
James Alexander Reid
Brinkhill Walk, Corby. Age: 31
On 26/05/2017 in Corby, without lawful excuse, damaged a vehicle intending to destroy or damage it or being reckless as to whether it would be destroyed or damaged; assaulted a woman by beating her; assaulted another woman by beating her; assaulted a third woman by beating her; assaulted a man; had with you in a public place, namely Stavanger Close, an offensive weapon, namely a wheel brace.
Plea: Guilty. To carry out unpaid work for 200 hours, restraining order prohibits defendant from (1) contacting two of the victims by any means, directly or indirectly, by any means including via third party, electronic means or social media (2) entering a street in Corby. This order lasts until 04/07/2018. To pay compensation of £300.
Tina Jayne Guy
Fulmar Lane, Wellingborough. Age: 31
On 29/04/2017 in Wellingborough assaulted a man by beating him.
Plea: Guilty. To carry out unpaid work for 40 hours, pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85.
Robert William Mort
Worksop Gardens, Corby. Age: 31
On 03/07/2017 stole washing detergents, to the value of £32, from McColl's, Corby; on 02/07/2017 stole meat products, to the value of £172, from BP Fourways garage, Corby; stole meat products, to the value of £256.34, from BP Fourways garage, Corby; on 01/07/2017 stole meat products, to the value of £80, from BP Fourways garage, Corby; on 21/04/2017 stole detergent, to the value of £25.96, from the Co-op, Corby; stole chocolates, to the value of £36, from the Shell garage, Corby; on 22/04/2017 stole meat, to the value of £100, from the BP Fourways garage, Corby; on 23/04/2017 stole meat, to the value of £38, from McColl's, Corby.
Plea: Guilty. Jailed for 16 weeks, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115.
Paul Anthony Starling
Rockingham Road, Kettering. Age: 42
On 30/05/2017 in Balfour Street, Kettering, stole a jacket, a wallet and other miscellaneous items; on 05/06/2017 in Princes Street, Kettering, stole a wallet and other items; on 30/05/2017 committed fraud in that you presented a Barclay card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely purchasing items to the value of £10.85, from Kings Mini Market, Kettering, for yourself;
committed fraud in that you presented a Barclay card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely goods to the value of £12.70, for yourself; committed fraud in that you presented a Barclay card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely goods to the value of £10, for yourself;
committed fraud in that you presented a Barclay card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely goods to the value of £23.89, for yourself; committed fraud in that you presented a Barclay card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely goods to the value of £13.05, for yourself;
on 05/06/2017 committed fraud in that you presented a Lloyds Bank debit card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely goods to the value of £25.05, for yourself;
committed fraud in that you presented a Lloyds Bank debit card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely goods to the value of £16.70 from the Shell garage, Kettering, for yourself;
committed fraud in that you presented a Lloyds Bank card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely goods to the value of £17.79, from Asda, Kettering, for yourself; committed fraud in that you presented a Lloyds Bank debit card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain, namely goods to the value of £12.25, for yourself;
committed fraud in that you presented a Lloyds Bank card which did not belong to you, intending to make a gain for yourself.
Plea: Guilty. Jailed for 34 weeks, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115.
WELLINGBOROUGH
Jordan Lee Johnson
Lapland Walk, Corby. Age: 23
On 20/04/2017 in Kettering had in your possession a quantity of cannabis.
Plea: Guilty. Fined £100, surcharge to fund victim services of £30, costs of £85, cannabis to be forfeited and destroyed.
Zoe Jolene Humphries
Sackville Street, Kettering. Age: 19
On 09/06/2017 stole two bluetooth speakers, to the value of £39,98, from Boots, Kettering; assaulted a man by beating him.
Plea: Guilty. To pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85.
Caroline Hunter
Braybrooke Road, Desborough. Age: 46
On 21/12/2016 were in charge of a dog, namely a cross-breed dog by the name of Dobby, which was dangerously out of control in Braybrooke Road, Desborough, and while so out of control injured a woman; were in charge of a dog, namely a Staffordshire bull terrier by the name of Bruiser, which was dangerously out of control in Braybrooke Road, Desborough, and while so out of control injured a woman; were in charge of a dog, namely a Staffordshire bull terrier by the name of Poppet, which was dangerously out of control in Braybrooke Road, Desborough.
Plea: Guilty.
Discharged conditionally for two years, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £20, costs of £85, compensation of £1,000. Two of the dogs are no longer with the defendant and the other has been destroyed.
Luke Daniel Kerti
Gloucester Close, Kettering. Age: 23
On 18/06/2017 drove a motor vehicle in Dalkeith Place, Kettering, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath, namely 113mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit; without insurance.
Plea: Guilty. To have treatment for alcohol dependency for four months, to carry out unpaid work for 100 hours, pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85, banned from driving for 24 months.
Lena Lind
Mersey Green, Corby. Age: 46
On 16/06/2017 drove a black Vauxhall Astra in Main Street, Ashley, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath, namely 103mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit; being the driver of a vehicle, owing to the presence of which in Carlton Road, Wilbarston, failed to stop after an accident occurred whereby damage was caused to another vehicle, namely a Renault Scenic.
Plea: Guilty.
Fined £876, surcharge to fund victim services of £43, costs of £85, banned from driving for 24 months.
Chloe Awena Molloy
Blake Road, Corby. Age: 27
On 04/06/2017 in Corby assaulted PC Webster in the execution of his duty; in Blake Road, Corby, assaulted PC Balcomb in the execution of his duty.
Plea: Guilty.
Discharged conditionally for 18 months, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £20, costs of £85.
Edvinas Klimas
Knox Road, Wellingborough. Age: 24
On 09/05/2017 in Wellingborough had in your possession a Haribo sweet tub and contents weighing 33g of cannabis; drove a silver Ford Fiesta displaying false plates; without insurance; without a licence.
Plea: Guilty.
Fined £250, surcharge to fund victim services of £30, costs of £85, cannabis to be forfeited and destroyed, driving licence endorsed with six points.
Parvis Nazari
Carlton Street, Kettering. Age: 27
On 16/06/2017 in Silver Street, Kettering, had in your possession a quantity of amphetamine; had with you, without good reason or lawful authority, in Silver Street, Kettering, an article which had a blade or was sharply pointed, namely a red handled kitchen knife with 3.5in blade.
Plea: Guilty.
To carry out unpaid work for 200 hours, pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85, amphetamine to be forfeited and destroyed, kitchen knife to be forfeited and destroyed.
Southampton will have extra motivation to deliver positive results when they face four of the top six Premier Leagues sides in the season run-in, defender Cedric Soares has said.
Manager Claude Puel's Southampton, who are currently ninth in the league, visit league leaders Chelsea on April 25 before travelling to Anfield to face third-placed Liverpool in May.
They are also scheduled to host sixth-placed Arsenal and fifth-placed Manchester United later next month.
"We will have very important games but it's an exciting moment to play this kind of games," Cedric told the club website. (www.southamptonfc.com)
“We are in a good position now and we can achieve something as well. We still have our target in our mind and it's going to be interesting until the end of the season.
"Playing these amazing teams is always good for all the players. Every Premier League game is very tough but playing against the big teams you have extra motivation which is natural."
Chelsea, who have lost twice in their last four games, will have an opportunity to provisionally extend their lead at the top to seven points when they host Southampton.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Brendon Hartley
"I have good memories of living in Milton Keynes, not far from Silverstone, for seven years or so, which was a big chunk of my life. That whole area is in some ways the home of Formula 1, because a large percentage of the race teams are based close by and our own Toro Rosso aero facility is just down the road in Bicester. As for the circuit itself, I have raced there many times and have some good memories'
"Silverstone has so much history and it's a very quick track where everyone loves Copse, Maggotts and Becketts corners. The track has been resurfaced for this year, so there will be even more grip than in the past. The fact there are a lot of high speed corners means it is very hard to overtake here, so qualifying will be a high priority. I think we can be in good shape following the power unit upgrade that came in Canada, and then the aero update in Austria also arrived at the right time because at this track you need as much downforce as possible. I'm looking forward to tackling this circuit in a modern Formula 1 car, because it's going to be crazy quick. Silverstone is a real driver's track and it has often produced great racing especially when the weather is at play: it's one of the originals and it has a lot of character and a great atmosphere. I'm hoping for a strong weekend and some better luck than in recent races."
Pierre Gasly
"In some ways, it will be strange for me to go back to Silverstone. The last time I raced there was in 2016 when I took my first ever GP2 win. To do that was great, but it was also the weekend when I was involved in a road traffic accident in a car with my parents. It was a very big crash on the way to the track on Friday and I broke a vertebra. But my mother was far more seriously hurt, spending two months in hospital in intensive care and she came close to dying. So over the weekend, I went through all sorts of emotions.
"As for the circuit I really love it. The layout is very complicated and features some legendary corners. Going through the run of Maggotts and Becketts in a current Formula 1 car is going to be really impressive. Plus, there is always a very special atmosphere here with all the enthusiastic English fans. It makes for a really top weekend and I'm really looking forward to it. We're staying in Bicester, which is where Toro Rosso has its wind tunnel and before the weekend gets underway, I will be making my first ever visit to Honda's F1 facility in Milton Keynes. I plan to motivate everyone there to keep pushing hard to keep making progress for the rest of the season. On the Wednesday, all the Red Bull drivers are invited by Christian Horner to take part in a clay pigeon shooting event, which will be a first for me and I'll be trying not to shoot anyone by mistake! I actually lived in Milton Keynes, not far from the track for a year and a half a few years back. I spent a lot of time working in the Red Bull Racing simulator, so it's nice to go back there."
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
May 2 Bp Plc
* BP operated 12 U.S. unconventional rigs in Q1 2017 versus 5 in Q4 2016, cash breaekven has halved from 2015 to $2.60/mmbtu -CFO
* If oil falls back below $50/bbl, BP can reduce capex by at least an additional $1 billion -CFO Further company coverage: (Reporting By Ron Bousso)
JOHANNESBURG, April 5 South Africa's parliament will on April 18 debate a motion of no confidence against President Jacob Zuma brought by the main opposition party after he dismissed the respected finance minister, the national assembly said on Wednesday.
Previous no-confidence motions against Zuma have failed as the ruling African National Congress party has a commanding majority. There has been a growing backlash against Zuma over his action to fire Pravin Gordhan from opposition parties and civil society. (Reporting by Mfuneko Toyana; Editing by James Macharia)
“Respeto,” Alberto Monteras 2nd's exploration of the Filipino hiphop underground world won seven awards at the 13th Cinemalaya Philippine Independent Film Festival Awards Sunday night at the Cultural Center of the Philippines.
Centered on the crossing of paths of a young aspiring rapper and a Martial Law poet, Respeto won Best Film, Best Supporting Actor, Best Sound, Best Editing, the 2017 Network for the Promotion of Asia Pacific Cinema (Netpac) Award and the Audience Choice Award.
The film shared the Best Cinematography Award with another full-length feature, Joseph Israel Laban's film “Baconaua,” which garnered two major prizes—the Special Jury Prize and Best Direction award.
Respeto was cited “for its infectious, propulsive energy, its highly convincing cast of characters and very effective ensemble acting, its breathtaking, nearly epic sweep of the underside of Manila, its expert application of the resources of cinema to depict a teenager's drive to rise above poverty and violence, its cogent melding of contemporary rap and traditional oral literature, and its sheer humanity and coruscating poetry.”
Moreover, Respeto bested 8 other films in the Full Length Feature category. As Best Film winner, Respeto garnered P350,000 cash awards and the Cinemalaya Balanghai trophy.
Meanwhile, Angeli Bayani won Best Actress for her role in “Bagahe” by Zig Dulay while Noel Comia Jr. and Yayo Aguila landed the Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress awards respectively for their work in “Kiko Boksingero” by Thop Nazareno.
Bagahe also won the Best Screenplay award for Zig Dulay while Kiko Boksingero bagged Best Musical Score for Pepe Manikan. “Nabubulok” won Best Production Design for Marxie Maolen Fadul.
In the short feature category, the Best Film award went to “Hilom” by P.R. Patindol while “Fatima Marie Torres and the Invasion of Space Shuttle Pinas 25” by Carlo Francisco Manatad won the Special Jury Prize. “Aliens Ata” by Karl Glenn Barit scooped up the 2017 NETPAC Award; Best Direction went to E Del Mundo for her “Manong ng Pa-Aling” and Duwi Monteagudo won Best Screenplay for Bawod. The Audience Choice Award was given to Marvin Cabangunay and Jaynus Olaivar's “Nakauwi Na.” Best Short Film winner “Hilom” won P150,000 cash awards and the Cinemalaya Balanghai trophy.
In this year's Cinemalaya, nine films competed in the Full Length Feature category. These were: “Ang Guro Kong Di Marunong Magbasa” (My Teacher Who Doesn't Know How To Read) by Perry Escaño; “Ang Pamilyang Hindi Lumuluha” (The Family That Doesn't Weep) by Mes de Guzman; Baconaua by Joseph Israel Laban; Bagahe (The Baggage) by Zig Dulay; Nabubulok (The Decaying) by Sonny Calvento; Kiko Boksingero by Thop Nazareno; “Requited” by Nerissa Picadizo; Respeto by Alberto Monteras II; and, “Sa Gabing Nanahimik ang mga Kuliglig” (Clouds of Plague) by Iar Lionel Benjamin Arondaing.
For the first time in Cinemalaya history, there were 12 short films, instead of the usual 10, that competed. These were: “Aliens Ata” (Maybe Aliens) by Karl Glenn Barit; Bawod (Bent) by TM Malones; “Fatima Marie Torres and the Invasion of Space Shuttle Pinas 25” by Carlo Francisco Manatad; Hilom (Still) by P.R. Patindol; Islabodan (Free Men) by Juan Carlo Tarobal; “Juana and the Sacred Shores” by Antonne Santiago; “Lola Loleng” (Grandma Loleng) by Jean Cheryl Tagyamon; Manong ng Pa-Aling (Man of Pa-Aling) by E del Mundo; Maria by JP Habac Jr.; Nakauwi Na by Marvin Cabangunay and Jaynus Olaivar; “Nakaw” by Arvin Belarmino and Noel Escondo; and “Sorry For The Inconvenience” by Carl Adrian Chavez.
March 30 Jazz pharmaceuticals:
* Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc - co and Nippon Shinyaku enter into license agreements for development and commercialization of Defitelio and Vyxeos in Japan
* Jazz Pharmaceuticals - will manufacture, supply Defitelio and Vyxeos to Nippon Shinyaku; will receive revenue based on percent of product sales in Japan Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
Hong Kong's central bank raises base rate 25 basis points after Fed hike
HONG KONG, June 15 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority on Thursday raised the base rate charged through its overnight discount window by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent.
Robert Novak, a great and controversial political reporter, judged Eugene McCarthy's nomination of Adlai Stevenson at the 1960 Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles to be “the greatest national convention speech I ever heard.”
The Minnesota senator's words echo in my memory: “Do not reject this man who, his enemies said, spoke above the heads of the people, but they said it only because they didn't want the people to listen. He spoke to the people. He moved their minds, and he stirred their hearts, and this was what was objected to. Do not leave this prophet without honor in his own party.”
I re-read that speech because I was invited to give the Eugene J. McCarthy lecture at the beautiful campus of St. John's University in Minnesota, where McCarthy, an exceptional student and athlete (baseball and hockey), graduated at age 19. He entered the monastery of the Benedictine fathers who founded St. John's, and when he left the seminary — to eventually become a husband, father, U.S. congressman, senator and, in 1968, the anti-Vietnam War presidential candidate challenging his fellow Democrat in the White House, Lyndon Johnson — the Rev. Colman Barry would tell author Al Eisele that “it was like losing a 20-game winner.”
On Nov. 30, 1967, I stood in the caucus room of what is now called the Russell Senate Office Building and heard McCarthy launch his presidential candidacy: “I am concerned that the administration seems to have set no limit to the price which it is willing to pay for a military victory” and to state his support “for an honorable, rational and political solution to this war.”
He was, even his political enemies conceded, a man of the mind — yes, a man of biting wit, and a man of conviction. To him, politics was fundamentally a moral enterprise with emphasis on community, justice and the common good.
He was a man for whom you could feel more admiration than affection. But ultimately to me — even though I was proud to work that year for his anti-war Democratic opponent, Robert Kennedy — McCarthy was a man of courage, the kind of rare courage that was to change American history and to change, to this day, the way we select and nominate our national leaders.
When McCarthy began his lonely, long-shot campaign, only 19 percent of the convention delegates were even chosen in open presidential primaries. Eighty-one percent of all the convention delegates were chosen in procedures that were mostly not democratic, not open and not even timely.
More than half of the delegates to the 1968 Democratic National Convention had been chosen in 1966. (Hubert Humphrey would become the presidential nominee after having avoided running in every primary.) Because McCarthy's insurgent campaign exposed both how closed and how rigged the system was to exclude rank-and-file voters, the old order became doomed. Every future president, because of McCarthy, would have to win the nomination in open, competitive contests.
In classical times, after Cicero had finished speaking, the people said, “How well he spoke.” But when Demosthenes had finished his speech, the people said, “Let us march.” McCarthy did not speak with the pre-tested applause lines of the practiced platform performer. But when he spoke, literally thousands did march in the campaign for peace he led. In 1968, the people found McCarthy.
As President John Kennedy said: “Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.” McCarthy effectively ended his own Senate career to make peaceful revolution possible and to end a war he deemed morally indefensible.
For that, it should be said of McCarthy what he said of Stevenson: “Do not leave this prophet with honor in his own party.”
— Mark Shields is one of the most widely recognized political commentators in the United States. The former Washington Post editorial columnist appears regularly on CNN, on public television and on radio. Click here to contact him.
BRIEF-Italian bad loan manager doBank says filed for Milan bourse listing
* Shares to be offered in IPO will be sold by 97.81 percent shareholder Avio, which is indirectly controlled by Fortress Investment Group and Eurocastle Investment Limited Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
(Combines stories, adds quotes, details)
By Olesya Astakhova, Denis Pinchuk and Oksana Kobzeva
ARKHANGELSK, Russia, March 29 Russia may produce more than 70 million tonnes of liquefied natural gas (LNG) per year in its remote Arctic regions, the head of gas producer Novatek said on Wednesday.
"The Gydan and Yamal peninsulas have a vast resource base that allows the production of over 70 million tonnes (of LNG); it is comparable to LNG production in Qatar", Leonid Mikhelson, the head and co-owner of Novatek told a conference.
Novatek, which was put on the list of Russian companies sanctioned by the West over Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis, plans to ship its first liquefied gas cargo from the Yamal LNG plant in December, mainly targeting Asian markets.
Mikhelson said construction of the first train of another plant, Arctic LNG-2, would be completed in 2022-2023.
The new plant is designed to liquefy gas from the Gydan peninsula - the province next to where Gazprom, the world's largest gas producer, also holds gas deposits.
Mickelson said he was willing to forge an alliance with Gazprom to produce gas in the Arctic. Previously, Novatek had talks with Gazprom about buying gas fields in Yamal.
"I would welcome partnerships like that. A lack of attention is paid to gas monetisation (at Gydan and Yamal)," he said.
Output at the Arctic LNG 2 plant will be "the same as at Yamal LNG plant or a bit higher", Mickelson added.
Yamal LNG plans to produce 16.5 million tonnes of LNG and 1.2 million tonnes of gas condensate per year by 2019.
Novatek owns a 50.1 percent stake in Yamal LNG. France's Total and China National Petroleum Corp each control 20 percent, while China's Silk Road Fund owns 9.9 percent.
Novatek may sell as muсh as 49 percent in Arctic LNG-2 to foreign investors, but that would depend on the amount of extra funds new shareholders would provide and the volumes they could buy, Mikhelson told reporters on the sidelines of the conference. (Reporting by Olesya Astakhova, Denis Pinchuk and Oksana Kobzeva,; Writing by Vladimir Soldatkin and Denis Pinchuk; Editing by Andrey Ostroukh and Mark Potter)
April 3 Almaden Minerals Ltd -
* Almaden reports 41% after-tax IRR from pre-feasibility study, updated resource and production target of 2019 for the Ixtaca precious metals project, Mexico
* Total estimated initial capital cost for Ixtaca gold-silver project is $116.9 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Vital Therapies Inc
* Vital Therapies announces exercise in full of underwriters' option to purchase additional shares of common stock in public offering
* Vital Therapies Inc - underwriters have exercised in full their option to purchase an additional 1.3 million shares of its common stock
* Vital Therapies Inc - Vital Therapies currently plans to use net proceeds from this offering for continuing clinical development of ELAD system Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
He will join the line-up for opening act Britpop Classical.
EastEnders star Phil Daniels has joined the bill of the Cool Britannia festival, where he will perform Blur's hit Parklife.
The actor joins the line-up for Britpop Classical, which will be the opening act on the first day of the festival and will feature a full horn section and orchestra.
It will also feature vocalists including The Farm's Peter Hooton performing All Together Now, Saffron from Republica with Ready To Go and Heaven 17's Glenn Gregory covering Pulp's Common People.
Cool Britannia's main stage will be headlined by Happy Mondays and Ocean Colour Scene while Feeder, Razorlight, Embrace, The Lightning Seeds, Peter Hook & The Light, Cast, Heather Small, Dodgy, Space, Toploader and The South are also on the bill.
FLASHBACK FRIDAY ⚡️Don't miss the Lightning Seeds on the Main Stage on Saturday! 💥https://t.co/XOIfvREv3l — Cool Britannia Festival (@CoolBritFest) March 9, 2018
The Big Top will host club DJs from the era including Todd Terry, Brandon Block, Jazzie B and Alfredo and each night there will be appearances by stars including Black Box, N-Trance, Rozalla, Alison Limerick, Angie Brown and Urban Cookie Collective.
The festival will run at Knebworth in Hertfordshire from August 31 to September 2.
© Press Association 2018
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
(Correct Tuesday's close to 153.15/25)
COLOMBO, April 19 The Sri Lankan rupee closed lower for a second day on Wednesday as dollar demand from importers surged amid low supply of the greenback, dealers said.
Rupee forwards were active, with two-week forwards closing at 153.40/50 per dollar, compared with Tuesday's close of 153.15/25.
"There was importer demand from small banks and we did not see much supply in the market," said a currency dealer who requested anonymity.
"Some strong inflows could help ease the pressure."
Another dealer said there was heavy demand for dollars from importers running high trade bills.
The market has not been impacted much after the central bank increased policy rates by 25 basis points last month, dealers added.
The island nation has received dollar inflows since the beginning of April, with foreign investors buying equities and government securities.
Overseas investors have net bought 9.72 billion rupees ($63.95 million) worth of equities in the last 19 consecutive sessions through Wednesday.
Offshore investors net bought government securities worth 1.87 billion rupees in the week ended April 12.
They have however net sold 62 billion rupees worth of government bonds so far this year. ($1 = 152.0000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Biju Dwarakanath)
THE Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP), Tanghalang Pilipino Inc. and the Writer's Bloc Inc. are calling on emerging and established Filipino playwrights to submit new one-act plays to the 14th Virgin Labfest (VLF), to be held at the CCP in late June and early July.
For this year, the VLF will choose 12 one-act plays. It is open to submissions of works of various themes and genres that:
• Have a maximum running time of 40 minutes.
• Must have not been previously published in a book and/or staged commercially for more than two performances. Staged readings and one-time workshop productions are allowed.
• May be in Filipino, English, Cebuano, Hiligaynon or Ilocano. Works in the last three regional languages must be accompanied by a Filipino translation. Entries in other Filipino languages or dialects will be considered, but a Filipino translation of these texts might be needed, based on the availability and capability of performers.
Entries must include the playwright's full name and contact address.
Two hard copies of each entry must be addressed and submitted to: Clotilde Lucero or Nikki Torres, Performing Arts Department, Upper Basement, Cultural Center of the Philippines, Roxas Boulevard, Pasay City.
Soft copies of the entries may also be sent in .doc or .pdf format only to thewritersblocinc@gmail.com and/or nikkigtorres@gmail.com.
Submission deadline is 12 midnight of February 28.
An annual theater festival of unpublished, unstaged, untried and untested one-act plays, the VLF has helped revitalized Philippine theater since its establishment in 2005.
It has introduced a new generation of Filipino playwrights, including Layeta Bucoy, Allan Lopez, Jose Dennis Teodosio, Debbie Tan and Dingdong Novenario.
The CCP organizes the festival with Tanghalang Pilipino, its resident theater company, and the Writer's Bloc, a Manila-based group of aspiring and veteran dramatists headed by award-winning playwright and screenwriter Rody Vera.
For more details, send an email to nikkigtorres@gmail.com or visit www.facebook.com/thevirginlabfest
The importance of history as a core subject in school was recently articulated by Prof Diarmaid Ferriter in The Irish Times. Similar sentiments have been expressed by President Michael D Higgins, including the statement “. . . to be without such knowledge is to be permanently burdened with a lack of perspective, empathy and wisdom”.
In my view, a rudimentary knowledge of the history of science is also of great importance to any citizen. It is extraordinary to think that, despite the all-pervading influence of science and technology in modern life, few students leave school (or college) with any knowledge of the history of the development of modern science.
What did the Greeks and Romans think of the universe at large? What caused these ideas to be questioned in the Renaissance? What was the nature of the dispute between Galileo and the Church? Who was Robert Boyle and why were his experiments so important in the development of the modern scientific method? Many scientists would argue that such knowledge is of fundamental value to any young person, yet such topics are rarely discussed in school. Even at college level, only a tiny minority of students graduate with a knowledge of the great revolutions of science and their impact on society – from Darwin's theory of evolution to Einstein's theories of relativity.
Does it matter? I think it does, because the history of science forms an important component of the advance of human knowledge. To pick a topical example, I would suggest a rudimentary knowledge of how man-made global warming was discovered would help increase awareness of the issue. It is hard to remain sceptical when one learns of the first painstaking observations of a rise in the concentration of atmospheric greenhouse gases, and the correlation of these observations with rising surface temperatures and increased ice melt over the years. Incidentally, few climate sceptics realise that many of the alternate explanations raised by them were carefully considered by climate scientists in the past, but have long been ruled out by observation.
Historians trained in the humanities constructed complicated sociological reasons for the acceptance of a scientific theory, paying little attention to practical issues
Yet the history of science remains an obscure field of study, even at third level. Remarkably few colleges worldwide offer undergraduate programmes in the history of science, and senior university positions in the topic are rare. One reason may be a certain tension within the discipline itself. Until the 1960s, almost all work on the history of science was produced by senior scientists with an interest in the historical development of their field. From the 1960s onwards, professional historians began to take an interest in the subject, and they noted that scientists tended to produce a rather idealized narrative of scientific discovery that took no account of societal influences. Thus, a new “social context” approach to the history of science emerged, inspired by scholars such as Thomas Kuhn, that paid attention to sociological factors such as the status of researchers, the status of their institution and the role of governments and funding bodies in scientific enquiry.
However, professional scientists soon complained that the “social historians” were engaged in revisionism. Historians trained in the humanities rather than the sciences often constructed complicated sociological reasons for the acceptance of a given scientific theory, without paying attention to practical issues such as supporting evidence. This “black boxing” of the technical aspects of science in the study of its development was anathema to most scientists, as it effectively ignored the rigorous process of scientific enquiry.
Today, there are many attempts to encourage scientists and historians to work together to produce narratives of scientific discovery that include both technical and sociological considerations. For example, the International Conference on the History of Physics, of which I am a committee member, hosts a number of international conferences on the history of physics for both historians and scientists. Closer to home, the annual Robert Boyle Summer School offers a number of public talks by scientists and historians on the science of Robert Boyle and his contemporaries in the Royal Society. This year, the summer school takes place on June 21st to 24th at Boyle's ancestral home in Lismore, Co Waterford, and the theme of the meeting is “What do we know and how do we know it?”
Dr Cormac Ó Raifeartaigh lectures in physics at Waterford Institute of Technology and is a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society
The Robert Boyle summer school is open to all – tickets can be booked at http://www.robertboyle.ie/
April 12 Puma SE:
* Publishes preliminary results for the first quarter 2017 and raises full-year guidance for 2017
* In Q1 2017, consolidated sales increased currency adjusted by approx. 15% (approx. 18% in reported terms) to 1,005 million euros ($1.07 billion) compared to 852 million euros in Q1 last year
* EBIT in Q1 2017 increased by approx. 70% to approx. 70 million euros (Q1 2016: 41.3 million euros)
* In light of strong first-quarter increase in sales and profitability as well as positive business outlook for current year 2017, PUMA raises full-year guidance for its consolidated sales and operating result (EBIT).
* 2017: management now expects that sales will increase currency adjusted at a low double-digit percentage rate (previous guidance: currency adjusted increase at a high single-digit percentage rate)
* 2017: operating result (EBIT) is now anticipated to come in between 185 million and 200 million euros (previous guidance: between 170 million and 190 million euros)
* Management still expects that net earnings will improve significantly in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9429 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (WISH) — A Purdue University student who was arrested in connection to a reported sexual assault on campus has been found not guilty, according to his attorney.
Donald Grant Ward was found not guilty on all charges after a three-day jury trial in Tippecanoe Superior Court 1, said attorney Kirk Freeman.
Ward, who was 19 when taken into custody Feb. 12, was a Purdue sophomore. Purdue police initially said the incident was reported around 3:40 p.m. Feb. 12. They said the offender was known to the victim.
“My client is happy to put this experience behind him and he appreciates the decision of the jury,” the attorney said. “Throughout this process, Mr. Ward has maintained his innocence.”
The jury deliberated three hours before clearing Ward of two criminal counts of rape, Freeman said.
Online court records had not been updated by Friday to show the outcome of the case.
ZURICH The risk of extremist attacks in Switzerland remains elevated, the Swiss spy agency said on Tuesday, and more attacks by the Islamic State militant group and its sympathisers were expected across Europe.
"In Switzerland, the terrorist threat remains at a heightened level," the Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) said in its annual assessment of risks faced by Switzerland.
"The most likely terrorist threat in Europe and thus also in Switzerland will continue to come from jihad-motivated terrorism," it said. "Further attacks must be expected."
The assessment was released as Europe still comes to terms with attacks in London and Paris linked to Islamist extremism.
The FIS said the greatest danger was that individuals or small groups inspired by Islamic State would carry out attacks in Switzerland or use it as a base to plot other attacks.
FIS said it had identified more than 500 internet users with Swiss connections who were using social media to spread jihadist ideas.
Concerns about extremism and potential attacks led to Swiss voters last year backing a law extending the national spy service's authority to monitor internet traffic, deploy drones and hack foreign computer systems.
Switzerland has so far not been targeted directly in an Islamist attack, but it has had several links to attacks that elsewhere in Europe last year.
Two men who took hostages and killed a priest in northern France last July had travelled via airports in Geneva and Zurich.
Another man who killed at least 12 people when he drove a lorry into a crowded Berlin Christmas market had also visited Switzerland and may also have obtained a gun there.
"It is not yet clear whether these links to Switzerland played any role in the attack," the FIS report said.
With no indication the fight against Islamic State was coming to a close, there "remains the considerable risk that the aggressive battle for the survival of the caliphate, fought using every means at their disposal, will increasingly be carried to Europe", the FIS report said.
Radicalised individuals returning from war zones were the most likely perpetrators, although the number of people leaving Switzerland to fight in Syria and Iraq had declined.
(Reporting by John Revill; Editing by Paul Tait)
A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as he passes the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON Britain's top share index fell on Friday but completed its fourth successive quarter of gains, the best such winning streak since 2011.
The blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE rose 2.8 percent over the first three months of 2017, though incipient Brexit negotiations raised some doubts over whether above-average valuations could last.
On the day, it was down 0.6 percent, weighed down by South Africa-exposed stocks after President Jacob Zuma sacked finance minister Pravin Gordhan, causing a slump in the rand.
The FTSE's foreign-earning firms have benefited from a weaker pound since Britain's vote to leave the European Union in June 2016, pushing the index up to record highs, with the latest set earlier this month.
But the FTSE has underperformed European peers this quarter, partly due to the pound, which posted its first quarterly gains in six quarters.
Britain's more domestically exposed mid caps .FTMC posted a 4.9 percent gain for the quarter, their third straight quarterly rise.
"It's been a fairly decent performance this quarter when you consider all the headwinds," said Michael Hewson, market analyst at CMC Markets.
"It looks mildly encouraging for the second quarter," he added, listing the main concerns for the coming months as French elections and uncertainty surrounding U.S. President Donald Trump's policies.
The start of Britain's long divorce process from the European Union spelled uncertainty ahead, though Hewson noted a further weakening of the pound in the event of hard-ball negotiating tactics could push British equities up to new highs.
The FTSE trades at 14.6 times forward earnings versus a 10-year average of 12 times, according to Thomson Reuters data.
On the day, shares in South Africa-facing insurer Old Mutual (OML.L) slumped 7.5 percent, the top blue-chip faller, after Zuma dismissed the respected Gordhan, sending the rand and government bonds lower.
Both Old Mutual and asset manager Investec [INVP.L] posted their worst losses since December 2015, when Zuma's sudden sacking of then-finance minister Nhlanhla Nene sent South African assets tumbling.
Mondi (MNDI.L) and Mediclinic (MDCM.L), also exposed to South Africa, fell 2.5 and 6.2 percent.
"They're all exposed to the South African rand, and whenever you have turmoil down there, such as Zuma firing the finance minister, the rand ... weakens," said Mike van Dulken, head of research at Accendo Markets.
Miners also put pressure on the index, as Anglo American (AAL.L), BHP Billiton (BLT.L) and Rio Tinto (RIO.L) fell between 2.3 percent and 3.1 percent, tracking metals prices lower.[MET/L]
There were more dramatic moves among British mid caps .FTMC, which overall fell 0.1 percent, with Investec down 9.9 percent.
Shares in life sciences and tech investor Allied Mind (ALML.L) were down 4.9 percent, hit by a double downgrade from Jefferies which cut the stock to "underperform" from "buy", with analysts saying that writedowns of assets seem more likely than sudden value uplifts.
Challenger bank Shawbrook (SHAW.L) rose to its highest level in more than a year, up 9.8 percent after receiving a formal buyout offer for 842.4 million pounds from private equity firms Pollen Street Capital and BC Partners.
Shawbrook has previously rejected the same proposal, then valued at 825 million pounds.
"We still think this represents a huge undervaluation, but given poor performance by management in defence so far, we would expect this to get done," Gary Greenwood, analyst at Shore Capital, said in a note.
(Reporting by Kit Rees and Helen Reid; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Yasmin Perveen, one of the pioneer women ''captains'' of Careem, checks her work app before driving her car in Islamabad, Pakistan December 7, 2016. REUTERS/Faisal Mahmood
ABU DHABI Dubai-based ride-hailing company Careem is looking for acquisition opportunities and is considering an initial public offering as a possible option but has no timeframe in mind, its founder and CEO said.
Careem, which competes with Uber [UBER.UL] and operates from Pakistan to Egypt, plans to enter second-tier cities in Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Pakistan this year as well as new markets in North Africa and the Levant, Mudassir Sheikha told Reuters. He did not specify which countries.
Careem has been quoted in Middle East media in recent months as saying it is looking at an initial public offering in the next two to three years, but Sheikha said an IPO was only one option under consideration.
"An IPO is one of several options for an exit or liquidation," Sheikha said in an interview. Asked if 2019 was a target date, he said "it is hard to predict."
Bankers and advisors have not been hired, he said.
Careem was valued at about US$1 billion following an investment of $350 million by Saudi Arabia's state telecoms company and Japanese internet firm Raukten.
The company operates in over 10 countries across the Middle East, North Africa and Pakistan and employs around 150,000 drivers.
Acquiring other companies would help it to expand.
"We are open to it if we find companies that accelerate that (growth) path," Sheikha said without being more specific.
Careem suspended services in Abu Dhabi in late August, along with rival Uber, due to some regulatory issues, but Sheikha said they had now resumed.
Careem was still in talks with the Abu Dhabi regulators to "enhance the regulatory framework," he said.
(Reporting by Stanley Carvalho; Editing by Susan Fenton)
BEARDSTOWN — Beardstown's Alyssa Dour wasn't trying to hit anything “too big.” That's just the way it happened to work out.
Dour belted a two-out, three-run home run that landed with a clunk on a car beyond the fence in left-center field to give the Tigers a 4-2 come-from-behind win over Carrollton in eight innings Monday. Carrollton had taken a 2-1 lead in the top of the eighth on a solo home run by Carley Pyatt.
Dour said at first she thought she'd hit a pop-up, so she sprinted to first base just in case the ball was dropped. She said she knew it was something more than that “when the crowd started cheering really loud.”
Just as she had in her earlier at-bats against Carrollton's Emily Struble, Dour said she tried to relax and not over-swing.
“Really, just trying to put the ball in play — try not to hit anything too big, and just make runs by getting base hits,” she said.
Dour also picked up the win in the circle, holding Carrollton to just six hits over eight innings of work. She struck out 11 and walked five. Beardstown managed to get 14 hits off Struble after really struggling against the Carrollton ace in a game earlier this season. Struble struck out seven and walked two.
In the eighth, Daiyla McWilliams worked Struble for a walk with one out. The next batter struck out. Alyssa Lewis fell behind in the count, 1-2, then singled to center field to put runners on first and second and bring Dour to the plate.
It was the first walk-off home run ever for the freshman.
“It felt really good, and I was real excited,” Dour said.
Beardstown coach Robert Howard was pleased with the comeback.
“It seems like we've had a bunch where we've had to come back from behind lately, but that's credit to the girls not quitting, and competing the whole way through,” Howard said. “We could have definitely hung our heads when we gave up that run in the top of the eighth, but we didn't. We came out, got a couple of girls on — huge two-out hit by Alyssa Lewis to keep it alive, and then Alyssa Dour came in and finished it for us. Definitely a good win against a really good Carrollton team.”
Carrollton grabbed a 1-0 lead in the fifth, but Beardstown tied it in the bottom of the sixth.
Beardstown has come from behind in its past three games to beat three of the area's beat teams. The Tigers trailed 4-0 but came back to beat PORTA/A-c Central 12-11 on Thursday. On Friday, trailing 12-0 after three innings, Beardstown scored 18 straight runs to beat Brown County 18-12.
“We've really been coming back a lot,” Dour said. “And I think this week, we learned that we can hit off of the good pitchers.”
“We've got to be better early on because — we've beat some good teams, but when we play the really good teams when it matters, we're going to have to play a complete game, not just the last three innings,” Howard said. “No doubt about it.”
But the Tigers will take it.
“We'll take it,” Howard said. “They all count.”
Beardstown's Olivia Dour (right) walks off the field with Alyssa Dour after the team huddle following a win over Carrollton Monday in Beardstown. http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_SECONDARYA23W2511.jpg Beardstown's Olivia Dour (right) walks off the field with Alyssa Dour after the team huddle following a win over Carrollton Monday in Beardstown. Dennis Mathes | Journal-Courier http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_MaAINA23W2473.jpg Dennis Mathes | Journal-Courier
With temperatures set to plummet well below zero degrees tonight the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice for the evening and tomorrow morning.
A spokesman for the Met Office said: "Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning.
The warning from the Met Office
"There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
"Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area. This will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area."
The Met Office weather warning is in force between 4pm today, Monday, and 11am tomorrow, Tuesday December 12.
RELATED: 10 key DOs and DONTs of snow and ice driving
AFC Dunstable suffered their heaviest defeat of the season on Saturday as they went down 3-0 at Kidlington.
Having lost three of their previous four Southern Lague games, their hopes of a spot in the play offs were left hanging by a thread.
Knowing Kidlington would be a tough fixture, it did not help as BJ Christie was given his marching orders after only 15 minutes for an alleged stamp.
The visitors though gave a good account of themselves in the opening period and threatened the hosts' goal.
The second half was a different affair, as fatigue crept in and Kidlington took full advantage of AFC's misfortune. Elliott Osborne-Ricketts put them in front, with further strikes from Anaclet Odhiambo and Lewis Coyle sealing the win.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and first heir to the throne is an Aston Villa fan.
He has spoken about his support of the club, has attended Villa matches and even been spotted wearing claret and blue.
Why does Prince William support Aston Villa?
Ahead of Villa's FA Cup defeat to Arsenal in May 2015, he spoke to BBC presenter Gary Linker about his Villa allegiance.
Prince William said: “A long time ago at school I got into football big time. I was looking around for clubs. All my friends at school were either Man United fans or Chelsea fans and I didn't want to follow the run of the mill teams.
“I wanted to have a team that was more mid-table that could give me more emotional rollercoaster moments.
“Aston Villa's always had a great history. I have got friends of mine who support Aston Villa and one of the first FA Cup games I went to was Bolton v Aston Villa back in 2000. Sadly, Villa went on to lose to Chelsea.
“It was fantastic, I sat with all the fans with my red beanie on, and I was sat with all the Brummie fans and had a great time.
“It was the atmosphere, the camaraderie and I really felt that there was something I could connect with.”
Has he attended matches?
He was pictured at in an executive box at Villa Park for the 0-0 Premier League draw against Sunderland in November 2013.
Prince William was wearing a Villa coat and a Villa scarf.
He also attended the 2015 FA Cup final defeat to Arsenal, as a dignitary in the Royal Box.
His Royal Highness sat next to then Villa owner Randy Lerner for the match. Villa lost the match 4-0 and Prince William presented the trophy to Arsenal and handed out runners-up medals to Tim Sherwood's players.
Wills visited Villa Park for the 1-0 Championship victory over Cardiff City in April 2018.
He was pictured celebrating in an executive box with former Villa favourite John Carew as Jack Grealish grabbed a late winner.
The prince stopped after the match to chat and have photographs taken with players and staff.
Have there been any other examples of his Villa support?
He appeared to be wearing a claret tie during the wedding of his wife's sister Pippa Middleton in May 2017.
In October 2017, the Duke and Duchess visited the London Stadium, the home of West Ham United. The Hammers offered their young children replica kits; however, William showed his true colours.
He jokingly said: “Right colours, wrong team.”
A month later, as a guest at the Pride of Britain awards he wore a Villa scarf in a show of solidarity with Villa fan Moin Younis, who was recognised with an award for his bravery for living with a severe skin condition.
In the same month, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Villa Park and spoke to manager Steve Bruce, with the Duke praising the manager for how his team were playing.
How have Villa celebrated his support?
After the birth of all three of William and Kate's children, Villa have tweeted a welcome message including a picture of a Villa shirt printed with 'HRH'.
What have Villa officials said about him?
(Image: Anthony Devlin/PA Wire)
Manager Steve Bruce was impressed with how much knowledge HRH had about the current Villa side when they met in November 2017.
Bruce said: “He introduced Kate to me as the ‘top man'.
"He talked about the squad and how we have turned it around a little bit.
“He's delighted we are moving it forward. Being a dad myself, you would like him as a son. He was impeccable.
“It's not often you have the future King as a supporter so it's great for the club."
The federal government has agreed to give the provinces and territories a 75 per cent share of the tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the agreement today after a day-long meeting with his provincial and territorial counterparts.
The original model put forward by the federal government proposed an even 50-50 split, a plan that was immediately shot down by the provinces, many of which wondered aloud what sort of costs Ottawa would be incurring to deserve such a share.
READ: Pot shops speak out on B.C.'s proposed rules on age, retail plan
Earlier today, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the federal Liberal government had successfully made the case that it, too, would have costs, but was showing flexibility on related revenue and cost-sharing questions.
After a meeting with his Atlantic counterparts in Halifax, Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil let slip that a two-year deal had been reached, and that provinces would have the ability to include a markup above and beyond existing taxation levels.
Ottawa's initial estimates suggest the total pot of tax revenue from marijuana sales could reach $1 billion per year.
More to come.
KUALA LUMPUR, April 5 Malaysia said on Wednesday that its palm oil industry faces a "big challenge", after the European parliament said in a non-binding resolution that only environmentally sustainable palm oil can be imported into the European Union after 2020.
Malaysia's Plantation Industries and Commodities Minister Mah Siew Keong said the resolution is unfair as it specifically targets palm oil and no other vegetable oil. The proposal calls for a single Certified Sustainable Palm Oil (CSPO) scheme for Europe-bound palm oil exports to make sure that the oil is produced using environmentally sustainable methods and prevents deforestation.
"We are very disappointed. To me, the resolution is biased and damaging to palm oil," Mah said at a news conference on Wednesday.
"I expected it to come because now the whole world is talking about the environment and deforestation, but I still think it is not fair to target only palm oil," Mah said.
The April 4 resolution seeks to establish a common EU standard to boost efforts to stop palm oil from becoming the cause of deforestation or exploitation of communities in producing countries and phase out using vegetable oils that harm the environment, according to an European parliament statement.
The resolution passed by a overwhelming vote of 640 to 18, with 28 abstentions, the statement said.
The EU is Malaysia's second-largest export market, accounting for 2,059,207 tonnes of palm oil products in 2016, based on Malaysian Palm Oil Board data. Of the amount, 30 percent is used for biodiesel, Mah said.
India is currently Malaysia's largest palm oil market, importing 2,825,840 tonnes last year, while China was the third-largest buyer, taking 1,882,183 tonnes in 2016.
Mah said he has already written to EU Environment Commissioner Karmenu Vella and has also been engaging with European lawmakers on the issue.
"We plan to go to European parliament next month to give us a chance to address the lawmakers (on) why we think this resolution is not fair to palm oil," Mah said, adding that they will at the same time engage other major importers such as China to boost their palm oil uptake. (Reporting by Emily Chow; Writing by Joseph Sipalan; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
By Nick Squires
The population of an Italian mountain village is down to just one elderly woman, highlighting an exodus from rural areas that has resulted in hamlets being abandoned across the country.
Hundreds of villages are empty or on the verge of being forsaken, with some of them being offered for sale to foreign buyers in search of second homes.
Paolina Grassi, 90, is now the sole inhabitant of Casali Socraggio, a collection of slate-roofed houses in a valley on the border with Switzerland.
Advertisement
Born in 1926, she has lived all her life in the hamlet and wistfully remembers happier times when the village bustled with life.
"There was a restaurant, a shop, a bakery and an elementary school. In my class there were 36 children. When I was born, three families had 10 kids each," said Grassi, who is the youngest of five sisters.
Her husband passed away more than 20 years ago and her last surviving sister died last year.
She may be the village's sole resident but she loves the solitude. "The silence is wonderful, especially at night," she told La Stampa newspaper. "You don't hear so much as a car. Outside it is completely dark, but up above the sky is scattered with thousands of stars."
Casali Socraggio is just one of hundreds of villages in Italy where the population has dwindled in the decades since World War II. Migration abroad, and internal movement from the poverty-stricken south to the factories of the wealthier north, have left many settlements struggling to survive.
A report last year found that a third of Italy's villages face depopulation. One inhabitant in seven has left villages in the past 25 years, according to one study. The exodus of young people has meant that the number of inhabitants aged over 65 has risen by 83 per cent.
Nearly 2,500 villages are at risk of turning into ghost communities, according to the report, which was compiled with the help of the National Association of Italian Councils.
Casali Socraggio
La signora paolina Grassi è l'unica abitante
La signora Paolina Grassi compirà 91 anni il 28... https://t.co/cZXJmuPEj8 — ✮ ♕ єℓเรค๒єttค ♕ ✮ (@ELISABETTASANTE) June 14, 2017
Exacerbating the problem is the fact that Italy has one of the lowest birth rates in Europe. A report released this week by the national statistics office showed that Italians had 577,000 babies in 2008 but only 473,000 in 2016.
In an attempt to remain viable, some villages are offering houses for sale at rock bottom prices, including Gangi in Sicily, which put dilapidated homes up for sale for just one euro each.
Other villages are looking to the tens of thousands of migrants pouring into Italy from Africa. Acquaformosa, in Calabria, is one of several communities that have invited refugees to settle in empty homes.
Back in the mountains of northern Italy, Grassi has no desire to leave the valley in which she grew up. "I hope my legs will hold out until the end," she said. "I don't want to end up in a nursing home. It would be like a prison."
April 28 Viva China Holdings Ltd
* Expected to record a loss of approximately HK$90 million to HK$120 million attributable to equity shareholders of company for 2017 Q1
* Anticipated increase in loss is primarily attributable to inclusion of certain non-cash items in profit and loss statement Source text for Eikon: [bit.ly/2qerx5X] Further company coverage:
BOCHUM, Germany, April 28 Deutsche Post will deliver groceries for Amazon's AmazonFresh service in Germany, the logistics group's chief executive Frank Appel confirmed at its annual general meeting on Friday.
Several people close to the matter had told Reuters last month that the two companies had signed an exclusive deal on the matter.
The deal is a coup for Deutsche Post, as a move by Amazon.com to carry out more of its own parcel deliveries has been seen as a threat to Europe's biggest postal group. (Reporting by Matthias Inverardi; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Harro ten Wolde)
A group of five teenage boys were swimming at the Cascade Falls yesterday in the Waitakere ranges when heavy rain hit and lead to the deaths of two 17-year-old's.
Flash flooding around 4:15pm yesterday caused the group of men, all 17 year-olds to try and get onto some rocks on one side of the stream near Cascade Falls, however police say the water continued to rise and the boys soon were in trouble.
The body of Sosi Turagaiviu, of Massey, was found by a member of the public in the water under a bridge on Bethells Road, near Te Henga Road.
An hour later, around 7.50pm, the body of Mitch Wooley, from Waitakere, was located by search and rescue teams near where the group was swimming.
Inspector Fata Willi Fanene, Duty Inspector for Waitakere, said the group decided to get to the other side where their car was parked but three people were swept away in rough conditions.
"One of the teenagers who had got themselves to safety ran to the nearby golf course to call for help," Inspector Fata Willi Fanene explained.
"He had mild hypothermia and was transported to Waitakere Hospital for treatment.
"Police received the call for assistance at 5:15pm, and emergency services, including the Westpac Rescue Helicopter, immediately responded.
"One of the trio managed to grab onto a tree on the bank of the stream, and was eventually winched to safety by the Westpac Rescue Helicopter about 7:15pm."
Intense footage supplied to 1 NEWS by the Auckkand Rescue Helicopter Trust shows the rescue helicopter hovering over the river as crew members organise and set up safety equipment to rescue the man.
At around 7.15pm, Pilot Rob Arrowsmith located the man, who was found waste deep in water, unable to move with fast flowing currents on either side of him.
Crewman Ati Wynyard winch-inserted Intensive Care Paramedic Russell "Rusty"Clark into position to extract the man out of the water.
The man suffered multiple abrasions, was cold and fatigued.
"We have been talking to the families of the victims of this tragic incident, and we are ensuring they are supported through what is an incredibly trying time," Inspector Fata Willi Fanene said.
"We are also making sure the three other young men who were caught up in this event are looked after, as this has been a very traumatic experience for them and their families.
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
March 29 First Bank :
* Press release - Bucks County Bank to merge into First Bank
* Has entered into a definitive agreement and plan of reorganization with bucks county bank
* First bank - merger has been unanimously approved by boards of directors of both institutions
* First bank - following merger, combined entity will have approximately $1.3 billion in assets
* As per agreement, bucks county bank shareholders will receive 0.98 shares of first bank common stock in an all-stock exchange
* First bank - first bank expects to issue approximately 2.4 million new shares of first bank common stock to consummate transaction
* First bank - transaction is valued at $11.07 per share or approximately $27.2 million in aggregate
* Sandler O'Neill + partners, l.p. Acted as financial advisor to first bank & hovde group, llc acted as financial advisor to bucks county bank Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 South Africa's President Jacob Zuma sacked Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan in a cabinet reshuffle late on Thursday, eNCA television said, after days of speculation that has rocked the country's markets and currency.
The news could not be independently confirmed by Reuters, and it was unclear who would replace Gordhan. (Reporting by James Macharia; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Sky Zone Crowns DOOM Champions of the 2017 Ultimate Dodgeball Championship
Contact
Konnect Agency, Emily Johnston
***@konnectagency.com Konnect Agency, Emily Johnston
End
--, creator of the world's first all-walled trampoline playing court, announces that DOOM from Los Angeles has won thefor the fifth time. After beating TC Boosh from Plymouth, MN in a harrowing final showdown atin Chicago, IL, DOOM left the Windy City with $20,000 in cash prizes.DOOM advanced to the Championships after winning theat Sky Zone Van Nuys in Los Angeles. The five-time champions fought their way through 17 matches over a four-day period from August 3 through August 6. After going undefeated the entire tournament, winning all seven of their Round Robin matches plus all five elimination bracket matches, DOOM beat TC Boosh three games to zero in a five game series.'sis an annual, action-packed tournament series that features dodgeball teams from around the globe competing in the ultimate test of strength, skill, and agility. Winning teams from more than 30advance out of a pool of hundreds of teams from four countries to converge at the Championship:a duel of epic proportions atop's all-walled trampoline playing courts."It is exhilarating to witness the world's best dodgeball players go head-to-head the sought-after title and $50,000 in cash prizes," said Jeff Platt, CEO of. "With millions following our tournament online, we are honored to crown DOOM for the fifth time as the Sky Zone Ultimate Dodgeball Champion for their passion, determination and athleticism in the exciting new sport of trampoline dodgeball."Thewas held at, located at 66 Orland Square Dr., B, Orland Park, IL. For more information on the tournament, highlights from the finals, rules and future tournament dates, please visit SkyZone.com/ UDC . The final matches will be available for viewing online and on television at a later date. Follow Ultimate Dodgeball's Facebook ( https://www.facebook.com/ UltimateDodgeball/ ) for details and updates.Since creating the world's first all-walled trampoline playing court in 2004, Sky Zone, LLC has expanded its unique concept to more than 175 franchises across the United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, the United Kingdom, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. Sky Zone trampoline parks feature a wide array of fun, fit and low-impact activities ranging from Freestyle Jump, Ultimate Dodgeball and SkyFit fitness classes to birthday parties, corporate events and other group outings. The franchise has been awarded various accolades, including being ranked the second Fastest Growing Franchise by Inc., the second Smartest Growing Brand by Franchise Times, 53 on Entrepreneur's 2017 Franchise 500 list, 273 on the 2015 Inc.'s 500/5000 list, 152 on the 2014 Inc.'s 500/5000 list, 55 on the Forbes America's Most Promising Companies list. For more information on the company or franchising opportunities, please visit www.skyzone.com.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
March 30 Starpharma Holdings Ltd
* Vivagel BV phase 3 trials for prevention of BV completed
* Starpharma expects topline results of trials to be available in Q2 of 2017
* Has been granted a special protocol agreement by FDA which provides company with binding FDA agreement on trial design including primary endpoint Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Quantum Corp:
* PORTOLAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC REPORTS A 5.58 PERCENT PASSIVE STAKE IN QUANTUM CORP AS OF JAN 25, 2018 - SEC FILING Source text: (bit.ly/2Ed5nIc) Further company coverage:
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Lake in the Hills teacher charged in more molestation cases
hello
A Lake in the Hills substitute teacher previously charged with sexually abusing a child while working in Community Unit District 300 now faces additional charges that allege a total of four victims, Kane County officials said.
The Kane County state's attorney's office said Carlos A. Bedoya, 62, of the 100 block of Acorn Lane, could face life in prison if convicted of all of the charges against him. They are 21 counts of predatory criminal sexual assault, one count indecent solicitation of a child, and 14 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse of a child.
The abuse took place between August 2015 and June 2017 with four victims, all under the age of 13, officials said.
His bail has been increased to $3 million, with $300,000 needed to post bond. He remains in the Kane County jail. Bedoya is prohibited from contact with any minors and must resign from all teaching and coaching positions.
He's expected in court again at 9 a.m. Aug. 31.
The case remains under investigation. Anyone with information should call the Kane County Child Advocacy Center at (630) 208-5160.
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion 's pursuit of established defensive targets has taken turns for the worse - and the better.
Tony Pulis will have taken great encouragement by John Terry's announcement yesterday that he will leave Chelsea at the end of the season.
The 36-year-old, who has won virtually every major honour with the Blues, has decided to end his 22-year association with the London club in search of a fresh challenge.
Pulis is a known admirer and could make a renewed effort to sign Terry after enquiring about the Chelsea captain's availability in January.
"If he becomes available in the summer we'll sit down and have a little think about what we've got and what we haven't got and we'll take it from there," Pulis said last month.
"I've always thought he was a good player.
"I was just finding out what the situation was (in January) and then it was whether we moved on it or whether we didn't."
Pulis is desperate to bring in at least one centre-back with Jonny Evans, Gareth McAuley and Craig Dawson his only options after Jonas Olsson left last month.
But one centre-half that looks very unlikely to make it to the Hawthorns is Lewis Dunk.
Albion were linked with the towering 25-year-old last summer, but Brighton were adamant he was going nowhere.
The Seagulls will be even more insistent this summer after sealing promotion to the Premier League yesterday, ending a 34-year wait for top flight football for Seagulls fans.
Albion look destined to miss out on long-term target Saed Kolasinac.
Tony Pulis on the potential battle to hold onto West Brom's Jonny Evans this summer
Arsenal are already in advanced talks with Schalke's highly-rated Bosnian international, but face stern competition from Italian giants AC Milan.
Kolasinac, a left-back West Brom's recruitment team have monitored for many months, is a free agent this summer.
Were Arsenal to sign him it would, however, make Kieran Gibbs' position at the club almost untenable.
Kolasinac, 25, would battle it out with Nacho Monreal as first-choice left-back relegating Gibbs to third in line.
Extremely experienced and entering his prime at 27, Gibbs is a player Albion have been linked with before, and could now represent even more of a viable acquisition.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Breaking Data Corp
* Breaking Data Corp - GiveMeSport has taken its partnership with NBA in a programmatic deal across 18 territories
* Breaking Data Corp - Deal will cover territories like the UK, Spain, France and Netherlands to Singapore, Sweden and Qatar Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRASILIA, April 6 Potential changes to a landmark pension reform proposal could cost the Brazilian government 115 billion reais ($36.60 billion) in savings over ten years, the government said on Thursday.
Brazil's real weakened and local stocks fell on Thursday over doubts whether President Michel Temer will be able to secure approval for a pension reform designed to rebalance the country's depleted accounts. ($1 = 3.1420 reais) (Reporting by Lisandra Paraguassu; Writing by Alonso Soto)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sixth formers across England, Wales and Northern Ireland will this week learn if they have scored the A-level grades they need to secure a coveted university place.
For some the day will bring delight and celebration, but for others it will be fraught with anxiety and uncertainty.
Here is some advice for students who have missed their required grades, those who have done better than expected, and those who are unsure what their next move should be.
My grades are lower than I expected, what shall I do?
Best thing to do in this situation is to not panic, and consider your options.
You should try contacting your chosen university first to see if they will still accept you, this may still be a possibility, especially if you have only dropped by one grade for example.
Clearing, the annual process which matches students with courses that has available places, is also an option.
The process has changed in recent years, particularly since the cap on numbers was lifted allowing universities to recruit as many students as they like, and there is expected to be a wide variety of courses available at a range of universities this year - including a number of leading, selective institutions.
The Ucas website is one of the key places to go for information about available courses.
I've got higher grades than I expected and I want to change my course/uni, what should I do?
There is a process called "adjustment" which allows students who do better than expected to "trade up" to a different course or university. Again, students can find out about courses through the Ucas website or by contacting individual universities.
A number of top institutions are actively encouraging students who are likely to do better than they first thought to get in touch with them about available courses.
Annie Dobson, a careers adviser with the Government's exam results helpline suggests that this is a good time to take a step back and ask yourself why you are considering changing your choice.
"Try not to be swayed by the idea of going to what is considered a 'better' university," she said. "Take stock and review the whole picture before jumping ship.
"If you're going to make the change ensure you get an offer not only verbally but also in email from the university you want to move to before they ask to be released from your existing offer."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What do I do if I have changed my mind about my chosen course or university?
The first thing to think about is why you have changed your mind, Ms Dobson said.
"Again, knowledge is power and so need to ask why? What is making you review the options? And, actually, are there even more options to look at while you are in this state of indecision that might be even more suitable.
"Often people don't really know what they want to do as a job at such a young age and so looking at taking a gap year or a more vocational road through apprenticeships or an HND can also be a great way of taking some time to work it out."
Alex Hayman, Which? Managing Director of Public Markets, said: "Whether you're now looking ahead to taking up your place at university, changing your study choices or working out a whole new plan, there are options open to you.
"Given that a third of university applicants who apply through clearing regret their course choice, it is vital that you make the right decision for you."
Which? University allows students to research courses based on their grades, he said.
How quickly do I need to choose a place in clearing, are the best ones going to go on the first day?
It is best not to "panic buy" courses and take your time to think about what you are signing up for, experts suggest.
"Many places become available over the course of the few days after clearing so don't have what is known as fear of missing out or fomo!," Ms Dobson said.
Students should think about what they want out of their course, and their life in general, rather than focusing on what they think they should be doing just because clearing has opened.
I've decided I want to take a gap year, is this a good idea and what should I do?
A gap year can be valuable experience for a lot of students, whether they spend time overseas or remain here in the UK.
Businesses are often looking for more than just a degree from graduates nowadays, and a gap year can be a chance to show off a different set of skills to both future employers and universities.
Exam results helpline careers adviser Iwan Williams said: "Alongside the break from education and the chance to travel, a gap year provides the chance to spend time on self-development and build confidence, ideally by participating in a range of activities like volunteering, working etc, and then take that leap the following year."
The exams result helpline number is 0808 100 8000.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 (Reuters) -
* JPMorgan Chase - Estimates range of reasonably possible losses, in excess of reserves, for its legal costs is from $0 to about $2.3 billion at March 31, 2017 Source text: (bit.ly/2pCSSMj) Further company coverage:
Rainbow Communications has signed a major multi-year deal with the Northern Ireland Civil Service (NICS) to upgrade and maintain crucial telephony communications networks across 185 locations.
The firm, the largest independent telecom provider in the province, is now set to modernise a key component of central government's communications infrastructure.
The Northern Ireland Civil Service and associated government bodies handle and make millions of calls every year and this work will be extended across the full network.
“We are thrilled to have been awarded this important contract by NICS and we look forward to delivering on a focussed, solutions-based implementation plan which will provide central government with a strong telecommunications network fit for the 21st century and the needs of its thousands of users,” said Rainbow CEO Eric Carson.
“Delivering expertise and value were key criteria as part of the procurement process and we are delighted to now play our part in helping government to radically enhance its communication infrastructure while assisting it to achieve sustained cost savings and improved operational efficiencies for many years to come.”
Established in 1998, Rainbow Communications is one of the leading independent telecommunications now has around 10,000 business customers and around 45% of Northern Ireland's Top 200 companies.
Philip McCauley, head of telecommunications for NICS said; “Service delivery is the government's number one priority and this contract award will help us to ensure we can maintain that provision by introducing a quality, single infrastructure solution which not only provides stability and resilience for years to come but which reduces costs and improves flexibility and reliability.”
JAKARTA (Reuters) - Thousands protested outside the U.S. Embassy in the Indonesian capital on Sunday against U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital, many waving banners saying “Palestine is in our hearts”.
Leaders in Indonesia, home to the world's largest Muslim population, have joined a global chorus of condemnation of Trump's announcement, including Western allies who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks sparking more violence.
Thousands of protesters in Muslim-majority countries in Asia have rallied in recent days to condemn the U.S. move.
Israel maintains that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state and say Trump's move has left them completely sidelined.
Palestinian people were among the first to recognise Indonesia's independence in 1945, Sohibul Iman, president of the controversial Islamist opposition Prosperous Justice Party which organised the rally, told protesters.
Protesters hold a rally outside the U.S. embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia, to condemn the U.S. decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital, December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Whiteside
Indonesia should be more proactive in “urging the Organisation of Islamic Conference (OIC) member states and U.N. Security Council and the international community to respond immediately with more decisive and concrete political and diplomatic actions in saving the Palestinians from the Israeli occupation and its collaborator, the United States of America,” Iman said.
“Indonesia as the world's largest Muslim country has the largest responsibility towards the independence of Palestine and the management of Jerusalem,” he told reporters, adding that he hoped Indonesia would take a leading role within the OIC on the matter.
Slideshow (4 Images)
“Trump has disrupted world peace. It's terrible,” one protester, Yusri, told Reuters.
The decision was “a major disaster for the Palestinian people, while the Palestinian's own rights have been taken away for a long time,” said Septi, a student at the rally.
Violence erupted for a third day in Gaza on Saturday in response to Trump's decision, which overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East.
Indonesia's foreign minister left for Jordan on Sunday to meet the Palestinian and Jordanian foreign ministers “to convey Indonesia's full support for Palestine”.
BRIEF-Care Service extends establishment date of JV in china
June 15 Care Service Co Ltd * Says it extends establishment date of JV in china * Says establishment date remains to be decided later * The previous plan was disclosed on April 25 Source text in Japanese:https://goo.gl/IJWTuJ Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A rally with white nationalists chanting phrases like "Jews will not replace us" and "end immigration, one people, one nation" was, as many expressed online, disturbing yet not really all that surprising.
Within hours of the tragedy in Charlottesville, journalists, scholars and other leading voices weighed in around the Internet, with analysis and deeper understanding of how this unfolded.
Below are some of the most revealing pieces we read.
Here at Code Switch, my teammate Gene Demby wrote about about how white nationalists are edging their movement out of the shadows:
"Richard Spencer, the white nationalist leader and University of Virginia alum who coined the term 'alt-right,' would likely count that openness as its own incremental success. 'If you greeted someone in 1985 and you said, 'all gays should marry,' you actually would get a lot of laughs,' Spencer told The Atlantic last year, not long after the election. 'By 2015, gay marriage is popular. What is possible has shifted. That's what the alt-right is doing. It's shifting the reality of what's possible, and imagining a reality in which they are.' "
Code Switch alum Matt Thompson, now executive editor at The Atlantic, riffed on the brazenness of the white supremacists who marched this weekend, compared with Klan members of decades past who hid under white hoods. "The shameless return of white supremacy into America's public spaces seems to be happening by degrees, and quickly," Thompson wrote.
Dara Lind, a reporter at Vox who wrote an explainer of the rally and its origins, described it as a "coming-out party for resurgent white nationalism in America."
Nathan Guttman, a reporter with Forward, an online news site aimed at Jewish Americans, penned a vivid piece about covering the march. He recounted watching as Spencer launched into a rant about the mayor of Charlottesville, Michael Signer.
" '[L]ittle Mayor Signer — SEE-NER — how do you pronounce this little creep's name?' asked Richard Spencer, a right-wing leader who dreams of a 'white ethnostate,' as he stood on a bench under a tree to rally his troops, deprived of their protest. The crowd knew exactly how to pronounce his name: 'Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew' some shouted out. The rest burst out in laughter. And that was one of the only moments of levity the alt-right audience gathered under the tree enjoyed."
And Jia Tolentino, a writer for The New Yorker and a graduate of the University of Virginia, meditated on Charlottesville's progressive guise and ability to hide its dark racial past. "While I was at U.V.A., the fact that slaves had built the school was hardly discussed, and the most prominent acknowledgment that Jefferson was a slave owner came on Valentine's Day, when signs went up all over campus that said 'TJ ♥s Sally.' "
Many writers also took on the response from President Trump, whose initial reaction to the violence in Charlottesville condemned equally both sides of the protest. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," Trump said, in remarks that brought condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans.
Writing for The New Yorker, Jelani Cobb parsed Trump's initial response further:
"We have seen a great number of false equivalencies in the past two years, and the most recent Presidential election was defined by them. Yet it remains striking to hear Trump imply that Nazis and the interracial group of demonstrators who gathered to oppose them were, in essence, equally wrong. It would have been naïve to expect the President to unambiguously condemn neo-Confederates ("Heritage, not hate," etc.), but Nazis? For reasons that are not hard to discern, the swastika, at least in the United States, has always been more clearly legible as a symbol of racial bigotry than the Confederate flag."
Michael Gerson, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush, lambasted Trump in a Washington Post piece, writing that the current president was "incapable" of speaking for the nation in the face of tragedy:
"If great words can heal and inspire, base words can corrupt. Trump has been delivering the poison of prejudice in small but increasing doses. In Charlottesville, the effect became fully evident. And the president had no intention of decisively repudiating his work. What do we do with a president who is incapable or unwilling to perform his basic duties? What do we do when he is incapable of outrage at outrageous things? What do we do with a president who provides barely veiled cover for the darkest instincts of the human heart? These questions lead to the dead end of political realism — a hopeless recognition of limited options. But the questions intensify."
On Monday, Trump responded to the increasing pressure to respond more forcefully, and gave a stronger rebuke. "Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
In a piece for Commentary Magazine, John Podhoretz, a former speechwriter for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, cast a skeptical eye toward Trump's remarks on Monday:
"You can choose to have whatever opinion you have on the president's statement today condemning white supremacists, but it's hard to believe he would have read it out if he'd had his druthers. No, the real Donald Trump was the one we saw on Saturday when he decided to condemn violence 'on many sides' in response to the deliberately provocative and intentionally violent neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia; when he decided to refer to the events as 'sad' in tweets; when he wished 'best regards' to those injured by the car that was deliberately smashed into them, killing 1 and injuring 20. When he acted in that way, he was operating according to his instinct. And his instinct said: Do not attack the white supremacists."
What Trump's comments Monday mean for how, exactly, he will handle the resurgence of white supremacists, remains unclear.
As Maggie Haberman of The New York Times tweeted shortly after Trump's remarks on Monday:
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
* Graphic: Sterling and gilt yields bit.ly/2dgAXn1
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
* Graphic: Trade-weighted sterling since Brexit vote tmsnrt.rs/2hwV9Hv
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, May 3 Sterling dipped against the dollar on Wednesday, but stayed close its highest levels in seven months as investors awaited a construction activity survey for further cues to the UK economy's health as Britain's European Union exit talks loom.
Tuesday's stronger-than-expected survey of the manufacturing sector gave the pound some buoyancy in the face of headlines that suggested Britain's negotiations to leave the EU would be difficult.
Sterling lost some of that bounce on Wednesday, with the pound down marginally at $1.2930, but not far from a seven-month high of $1.2965 hit on the last trading day of April.
It was up less than 0.1 percent at 84.41 pence per euro.
More rumblings surrounding the size of Britain's EU exit bill emerged, adding some pressure on the currency.
Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday that Britain would not pay 100 billion euros to leave the European Union, after the Financial Times reported that the bloc was preparing to demand that amount.
This came a day after British Prime Minister Theresa May promised EU officials she would be "a bloody difficult woman" in the talks, after being accused of underestimating the complexity of Brexit negotiations and having "illusions" over a deal.
"In our view, no side entering into protracted, difficult negotiations will open up by suggesting that the other side is being utterly reasonable and all of their demands will be met with acquiescence," Nomura strategists wrote in a note to clients on the subject of the Brexit bill.
"The pound looks to be following suit and has had limited drawdowns thus far, adding conviction to our view that the political Brexit timeline may provide 'flashpoints' as today's news suggests, but the market seems to be taking them on the chin and they are largely priced in."
A Reuters poll of economists put the Markit/CIPS UK Construction Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for April at 52, versus its prior reading of 52.2 for March.
The numbers for April are due at 0830 GMT. (Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
(Corrects day in paragraph 1 to "Tuesday" from "Monday")
March 28 Tesla Inc said on Tuesday that Chinese tech giant Tencent Holdings Ltd has invested $1.78 billion in the electric carmaker for a 5 percent passive stake.
Tencent, best known for its WeChat mobile app, has been investing in a number of sectors, including gaming, entertainment, cloud computing and online financing.
Tencent now owns more than 8 million shares in the company as of March 24, Tesla said in a regulatory filing. (Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) in Frankfurt, Germany, June 28, 2015. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski/File Photo
FRANKFURT It is too soon for the European Central Bank to declare victory in its effort to raise euro zone inflation back to its target, the ECB's vice president said on Thursday.
"The euro area is experiencing a resilient recovery, sustained by monetary policy," Constancio said.
"But it is too soon to declare complete success: we have yet to secure a sustained convergence in inflation towards our goal of close to but below 2 percent over the medium term."
(Reporting By Francesco Canepa, editing by Larry King)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
locksmith Services In Atlanta For Car Home and Commercial Lock and key Services We Provide Services to Atlanta Metro Area 24 Hour Emergency Lock and Key Services
Contact
Alex
***@gmail.com Alex
End
--One of our locksmiths can install a new lock, or fix a broken lock to make your home safer for you and your family. If you lost a key, he will create a new key, open the lock or replace the entire lock. Make sure your home is safe by calling on the expertise of a professional locksmith.Atlanta, GA is a large city, so it's important to have extra measures to keep your home safe.You might need to add a lock to a restricted area within your company. Or, you may need to create new set of keys or re-key your key code for recently-hired employees. Whatever the case may be, our Local Atlanta Locksmith Services offers these fast efficient commercial locksmith services for your needs.we are 24/7 locksmith fastA locksmith can ensure that private information is protected in hospitals, government agencies and other institutions with key locks or key pad locks. Special requirementsWhen you're locked out of your car, you need to quickly get on your way again. locksmith Atlanta company has tools like a "fishing pole" that can easily get you back into your car without damaging it. One of our trained locksmiths can come to you wherever you are.Contact Us (770) 983-6737 - E-mail : Localatlantalocksmithllc@gmail.comwww.localatlantalocksmith.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
The Presentation of Jesus in the Temple in Jerusalem isn't much celebrated in the Philippines, and probably even less understood as the offering of Jesus to God, being the first-born of Joseph and Mary. Most devotees probably went to church last Friday for the Sacred Heart devotion more than for the Presentation, which was also celebrated that day.
For this writer, however, the event was particularly uppermost in mind for an educational reason: it was part of the week's lesson in an online graduate course in biblical studies. In the assigned reading from Saint Luke's Gospel, one had to reflect on the Presentation and the Finding of Jesus at the Jerusalem temple. But instead of discussing Jesus, the reflections should focus on Mary.
Bored already? Can't blame you. After all, how can anyone upstage the Child Jesus, who is welcomed with joy and faith by not one, but two ageing holy figures, Simeon and Anna. These two were promised by God that they would see the Savior who would liberate Israel from bondage. As for the Finding at the Temple, paintings of the scene usually show the boy talking with learned rabbis and scribes, with his parents in the background, or nowhere.
‘Me first,' ‘me only,' ‘me above all'
Yet in the two Infancy tales of St. Luke, it is precisely Mary's supporting role that delivers her stellar performance. For humble, unsung but divine decreed presence may well be her leading virtue and spiritual message for humanity and modernity.
Our age is anything but self-effacing and obscure in style and substance. Media extol and celebrate celebrity, power and ambition; flaunt torsos, talent and treasure; and thrive on me-first, me-only and me-above-all.
Yet where has this self-centered modern culture brought the world? Two nuclear-tipped brats are brandishing ICBMs across the Pacific, while the world frets over missile buttons in Pyongyang and Washington, not to mention Beijing and Moscow.
The celebrity center of the world is on tenterhooks over which movie mogul or media executive would bite the dust over allegations of molesting maidens in exchange for marquee billing or plum newsroom jobs.
And what do hundreds of millions of people jump out of bed for, every morning or night, if not the latest likes and posts on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and what have you, in the hope of impressing friends and sharing the latest and hottest?
In short, everyone wants to get ahead of all, and be first and fabulous. So, the leaders claw and step on one another, while billions are left behind, or worse: the fringe types mobilize many of the world's disgruntled for mass murder.
The nothingness of Mary
In this megalomaniac world, clearly, the problem is unyielding one-upmanship that will kill to win. How we need even a bit of humility.
Like Mary.
Jesus, too, especially since as God humbling himself to become man, his emptying of himself to walk the earth is infinitely denigrating than any other act of self-abasement.
But Christ is also God, despite his embrace of ignominious passion and crucifixion. So, people who believe in him are still in awe at his almighty power.
On the other hand, we need a paragon of weakness. Or better still: nothingness.
Humility is certainly Mary's strong suit from her first Gospel appearance in the Annunciation. Indeed, she considered herself not just minuscule before God, but utterly nil, totally beholden and dependent on the Almighty.
The Blessed Virgin showed trepidation, not conceit at the Angel's greeting of heavenly praise: “Hail, full of grace.” When told that she would bear “the Son of the Most High,” Mary was puzzled, not proud. And in expressing her assent to God's will, she said, “Let it be done to me,” not “I accept” or “I'll do it.”
Plainly, she put her nothingness in the Creator's hands, trusting completely. No wonder she gave praise to God when Elizabeth gave her honor, and kept many Godly events of Jesus' conceiving, birth and infancy in her heart, never letting them fill the chatter of others (hence, Jesus found little faith in Nazareth).
How the devil tempted Mary
Indeed, in tempting Mary — and the tempter who did it to Jesus would not spare His mother — Satan probably sought to make her think even a bit of her wants, her stature, herself, rather than being entirely “the handmaid of the Lord” with all her heart, mind, and strength.
But in her appearances in the Gospels and her apparitions in the world, she always totally manifested God, his Word, his revelation, and his will.
So it was in the Presentation and the Finding at the Temple. She did not need ritual purification as a virgin who gave birth to the Son of God, yet she and Joseph “performed everything according to the law of the Lord.”
When Simeon and Anna affirmed her Son as the promised redeemer, she did not take personal pride. And as she did amid the difficulties and dangers during Jesus' birth, she expressed no objection or rancor to the prophecy about Jesus facing future discord, and herself being pierced by a sword.
And when Jesus asked why she and Joseph sought him over three days of distraught searching, when they should have known “that I must be in my Father's house,” Mary spoke no argument or rebuke, and even though she and Joseph “did not understand the saying which he [Jesus] spoke.”
Indeed, many events throughout her motherhood of God were mysteries to her, as they are for all humanity. Yet Mary pondered them in her heart in faith, hope and love for the Lord, not seeking explanations from learned men, but simply awaiting God's revelation and grace in His time, not hers.
Is Mary the antidote to our proud age? Whether her humility goes global, it may be worthwhile going personal. For if, like Mary, one truly believes, then being nothing can be most comforting. For one puts God in charge. And that could be the best assurance that all will eventually go well. Amen.
Houston-based Ace Flowers announced the launch of special floral arrangements and decorations for weddings to ensure that the special day is memorable for all who attend.
Contact
Ace Flowers
Jay Alavi
***@gmail.com Ace FlowersJay Alavi
End
-- Family owned florist, Ace Flowers, has announced the launch of special floral arrangements and decorations specifically for weddings. With the aim of making the special day a memorable event for the guests, as well as the bride and groom, the florist assures prompt and caring services and the finest floral decorations for weddings.The team at Ace Flowers understands how stressful arranging a wedding can be. Therefore, to simplify the process of arranging for flowers and floral decorations, the first step is to meet with the wedding specialist at Ace Flowers so that they can understand the client's needs and desires in terms of floral arrangements. The special wedding flower arrangements include corsages, boutonnieres, bridal bouquets and custom arrangements for the wedding ceremony and reception.Together with the expert and the experienced and skilled floral designers at Ace Flowers, the client can then decide on a variety of custom flower arrangements, including the bride's bouquets, bridesmaids bouquets, boutonnieres for the groom and groomsmen, corsages for the mother of the bride and that of the groom, arrangements for the flower girl and for the wedding venue, and more."A wedding is special day that you dream about for a long time. A special day deserves special flowers," says Jay Alavi, owner of the Houston-based florist.Ace Flowers ensures that all arrangements and bouquets are created only with the freshest flowers. In fact, the client can choose to customize their arrangements and ensure unique decorations for their special day, without having to worry about overshooting the budget. This Houston-based florist ensures that clients can choose from the most affordable options too.With years of experience in floral arrangements, Ace Flowers was chosen as one of the Top 100 florists nationwide for 2016 by Teleflora. The florist is now committed to ensuring that they make the list of the Top 50 in 2017.Houston Press also acknowledged Ace Flowers as the "Best Florist in Houston" by Houston Press in 2013. In addition, ABC News covered this florist for offering the among the best flowers on a budget for Valentine's Day in 2012.Committed to ensuring 100% customer satisfaction every time, the team at Ace Flowers is dedicated to offering clients the most pleasurable experience, without compromising on either the quality or the budget. The business also takes pride in its commitment to on-time delivery, every time.About Ace Flowers: Having been in the business for almost 17 years, Ace Flowers is committed to learning and innovating each day, so that the offerings grow and clients have something special to look forward to each time they need to order flowers. With a commitment to going above and beyond customer expectations, the expert floral designers ensure that the arrangements are special and memorable, helping to bring people together through the gift of flowers. Ace Flowers allows customers to choose from a wide variety of arrangements for the entire gamut of occasions from their website, while also offering on-premises services. For more information visit :- http://www.aceflowershouston.com/
* Trump comments understood as a protectionist signal -analyst * Doubtful on won's downward trend yet -analyst * KOSPI erases earlier gains SEOUL, April 28 The South Korean won and shares retreated on Friday after U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters he would either renegotiate or terminate a free trade deal with Seoul. A high-ranking South Korean official said the government is adopting a "wait and see" stance, having not yet received any formal request for a renegotiation. "Talk and actual policy are different," the official at the finance ministry, who declined to be identified, told Reuters. The won stood at 1,132.6 against the dollar as of 0237 GMT, down 0.2 percent versus Thursday's close of 1,130.1. The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) surrendered modest early gains and was down 0.1 percent at 2,208.00 points. "Trump's such negative comments about the Free Trade Agreement between the two countries can be understood as a sign of protectionism, pressuring the local currency," said Jung Sung-yoon, a foreign exchange analyst at Hyundai Futures. Jung added, however, that it was too early to tell if the won would extend its losses against the dollar, noting there is still much uncertainty over U.S. fiscal policies including tax cuts and reforms which are weighing on the greenback. Offshore investors were poised to snap a six-day buying streak, offloading a net 40.8 billion Korean won ($36.02 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session. Decliners outnumbered advancers 555 to 229. The sub-index for transportation equipment was down 1.x percent with Hyundai Motor drop as much as 2.4 percent and Hyundai Mobis down 1.3 percent. Market heavyweight Samsung Electronics jumped to hit record high, gaining as much as 4.5 percent, on hopes of the strongest quarterly earnings ever for April-June period. June futures on three-year treasury bonds gain 0.01 point to 109.46. 0237 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,132.6 1,130.1 Yen/won 10.1880/25 10.1604 *KTB futures 109.46 109.45 KOSPI 2,208.00 2,209.46 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
WASHINGTON International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Thursday she believes the IMF can work with the Trump administration to improve the global trading system, but cautioned against jeopardizing open trade as a growth engine.
Lagarde told a news conference at the opening of the IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington that the IMF saw the need to reduce subsidies and other trade distortions that limit competition, but also said "protectionist measures" needed to be avoided.
"From the various contacts that I've had with the administration so far, I have every reason to believe that we will make progress, that we will cooperate all together in order to support and indeed improve the system as we have it," Lagarde said.
She added that improvements must ensure a "level playing field" for trade, adopting a phrase often used by Trump administration officials.
But as she was speaking, U.S. President Donald Trump was preparing to sign an executive order to study whether steel imports into the United States could be restricted for national security reasons under a law passed in 1962.
Lagarde said that the rising number of World Trade Organization dispute cases and rule violations showed that "there is clearly an issue that needs to be addressed."
She said the WTO dispute settlement system has room for improvement. Although the United States regularly uses the system to try to remove unfair trade restrictions and subsides, Trump administration officials have complained that countries often ignore its rulings.
But the IMF chief said that such improvements can only come through multilateral dialogues, like those occurring at this week's meetings of the IMF, World Bank and G20 finance ministers.
"We believe very firmly in this institution, in the value and virtues of dialogue, cooperation, reciprocated assessment," she said. "We will contribute our part where we have competence and where it is our mission."
The Trump administration has complained about Germany's high trade surplus with the United States. Lagarde repeated her view that Germany should take steps to reduce its current account and trade surpluses by encouraging more consumption.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Paul Simao)
(Recasts, lead paragraph, updates prices, adds U.S. data, comment)
* U.S. data generally positive
* Euro hits 3-week low of $1.0650
* Investors look to U.S. jobs report on Friday
By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
NEW YORK, April 3 The dollar rose on Monday, reversing the previous session's losses, as the currency benefited from a generally positive U.S. backdrop such as rising interest rates, at a time when other major central banks are either on hold or in policy-easing mode.
"We think U.S. fundamentals remain solid, may improve further still, if the president can make some quick progress on tax reform," said Shaun Osborne, chief FX strategist at Scotiabank in Toronto.
He said U.S. interest rates are poised to continue rising steadily this year, even if Federal Reserve officials said the Fed is in no particular rush to tighten policy.
U.S. construction spending and manufacturing data on Monday were positive overall, affirming the economy's steady improvement. Construction spending grew 0.8 percent to $1.19 trillion, the highest level since April 2006.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index, on the other hand, was 57.2 in March, with components such as the prices paid and manufacturing indexes notching their highest readings since May and June 2011, respectively.
The dollar's gain has also been helped by the euro's early struggles on Monday. The euro hit a three-week low against the dollar mixed economic data coming out of Europe added to existing worries about political risk in the euro zone.
The single euro zone currency, however, was last up 0.2 percent at $1.0664.
Despite increasing activity at the fastest rate in nearly six years, euro zone factories struggled to keep up with demand last month, according to a survey that showed them again hiking prices.
On the political front, France will vote in a two-round presidential election at the end this month and the start of May, with investors worried that far-right anti-EU Marine Le Pen could stage a surprise victory.
The dollar index, meanwhile, was up 0.1 percent at 100.48.
Markets are focused this week on the U.S. non-farm payrolls report due Friday for clues on the likely pace of interest rate rises.
Investors are currently pricing in more than a 50 percent chance the central bank will hike interest rates at its June meeting, the second of the three increases expected this calendar year.
"The real focus is going to be in the week ahead given how much data we have coming out ... which of course is absolutely key in trying to assess whether we will see another hike from the Fed in June," said Rabobank currency strategist Christian Lawrence in London.
(Additional reporitng by Ritvik Carvalho in London; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Without Thomas Szajko's testimony, alleged shooter Afshin Ighani could get off on that charge
Afshin Maleki Ighani, 45, was arrested in April in Princeton and is facing several charges including attempted murder in connection to a shooting that took place in Oliver. Ighani could get off on the charges, after the alleged shooting victim died last week. (Western News file photo)
A man accused of an April crime spree in the South Okanagan and Similkameen areas may get off on allegedly shooting an Oliver man, after the key witness died last week.
Afshin Maleki Ighani is accused of shooting Thomas Szajko in Oliver on Apr. 19 this year, and has been going through the court system, leading up to a trial on the matters. But Szajko was the Crown's key witness on that matter, and he died in his home on Dec. 1 of unspecified causes.
Related: Oliver shooting victim reportedly dies months later
Asked how the trial could go forward without testimony of Szajko, Crown lawyer John Swanson only said “That's a problem.”
Though Szajko may have made a statement to the police, no testimony would mean the defence has no opportunity to cross-examine Szajko.
Swanson said he is working with police to review evidence and attempt to build up the case without testimony from Szajko.
“We're working on it,” he said in a brief interview with the Western News.
Related: Alleged Oliver shooter elects trial by judge
Though Ighani may get off without a trial on that matter, he will still need to stand trial over the alleged kidnapping of a woman later that week, as police entered a regional manhunt for him.
Police had surrounded an RV they believed Ighani to be living in at Szajko's property on the evening of Apr. 19, but after entering the vehicle did not find Ighani.
Later that week, police received reports of a man having kicked another man out of a vehicle and taking a woman with him, leading the police to the Similkameen Valley.
Related: RCMP hunts for alleged shooter
Ighani was later found in a mobile home park in Princeton, where he was arrested and charged on all alleged incidents.
Ighani's next court appearance is set for Dec. 18 for a preliminary inquiry.
@dustinrgodfrey
dustin.godfrey@pentictonwesternnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Bob Fisher
MASON CITY — After reports of a fake nurse going door-to-door in Worth County last week, Cerro Gordo County public health officials are issuing a similar warning.
The Cerro Gordo County Department of Public Health has issued an alert to residents saying they along with law enforcement have received reports involving a person going into homes and stating they are from the health department or human services office. The scam has involved the person asking to see medications and offering medical equipment, which may be harmful to the patient. Prescription medications have been reported stolen.
Cerro Gordo County Department of Public Health Director Ron Osterholm says if you do not see a Cerro Gordo County Department of Public Health vehicle with the appropriate signage, if you do not recognize the person, or if the individual is not able to show you an official Cerro Gordo County Department of Public Health name tag, you should call the department right away. He says you should not give out any information or let the individual into your home.
The Worth County Sheriff's Department has described the phony nurse as 5-foot-2 to 5-foot-5, weighing 130 to 140 pounds, and between her late 20s and mid 30s. Witnesses have said she had lighter hair and darker hair, with authorities thinking she may have used a wig. The woman has also been described as driving a dark gray minivan.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harold Richardson's recent article that considered the question “What's in a song?” prompted two of our readers to share their own musical memories. Alan Rose, of Breaston, wrote: “I found the memories of my friend, Harold Richardson, about the songs of romance over the years, fascinating and memory-provoking.
“There are a few from the Second World War era that could also be included in Harold's list such as When The Lights Go On Again (All Over The World', Don't Sit Under The Apple Tree (With Anybody Else But Me), When Father Painted The Parlour (You Couldn't See Pa For Paint), A Nightingale Sang In Berkeley Square, and a song which would resonate with all those couples who managed some special time together before parting, Room Five Hundred and Four.
“Another favourite from the war years was Run, Rabbit, Run by Flanagan and Allen. My own memorable songs come from a slightly later time, and feature the albums of Nat King Cole in the 1950s. ‘The Very Thought Of You (And I Forget To Do)', ‘Love Letters (Straight From The Heart)', and many others. Then there are the “Torch Songs” from Frank Sinatra, also from the 1950s. Where Are You (Now That You've Gone And Left Me) and The Night We Called It A Day.
“One or two more from the same album, reputably recorded after his break-up from Ava Gardner – I Think Of You and There's No You. Wonderfully romantic, but sad songs. Fabulous, timeless music to be listened to time and again during those quieter moments!”
For Marilyn Clampitt, née Yeomans, of Alvaston, it is particular songs which bring back specific memories. She said: “I'm not into slow mushy songs but I do like Memories by Elaine Paige. It brings back a lot of memories for me when I hear certain songs. A few weeks ago, I went over to the Festival of the Sixties at Butlin's in Skegness.
“Some of the songs that were sung over the weekend had me both smiling and in tears when some brought back memories of different occasions. Most of the old groups that were taking part also did cover as well as their own songs. All seemed to do I Saw Her Standing There by the Beatles. My late husband, Mike, had this requested for me on Radio Derby because it starts off with “She was just seventeen” – the age that we met.
“Another song played was This Old Heart Of Mine by the Isley Brothers. We both like this but I often think of the night before his heart operation at Glenfield when he sang it down the phone to me (oh dear, so out of key but lovely to hear his voice). He did it to make me smile but I just cried my eyes out. The tears certainly flowed that night.
“Like me, Mike was an avid Little Richard fan and, much to the surprise of several friends, I had Good Golly Miss Molly played at his funeral. It was his favourite song and we would often have a rock 'n' roll dance around the dining room to it. I often play my Little Richard CD and replay this song over and over again.
“Another song that brings back special memories is Devoted To You by the Everly Brothers. this was a song Mike asked to have played on my 40th birthday and our 20th wedding anniversary. This occasion took place at the now-defunct pub The Meadows. At Butlin's this song was sung by a tribute duo, also two brothers. Thank goodness I had no mascara on that night!
“As a teenager, I went to various youth clubs in Derby and Del Shannon's records were often played, such as Runaway. I never liked that song but when he brought out The Wanderer I loved it. I also enjoy the Status Quo version. The Abba song The Way Old Friends Do is one very special song. I had arranged a surprise 50th birthday party at The Spot in Derby for Mike. What a nightmare it was tracking down old friends and work colleagues.
“The day itself was cold and foggy and I was worried about whether people would come out on this horrible January night. I told Mike we had to go and pay the deposit for our up-coming 25th wedding anniversary party. It was so nerve-racking to walk into the darkened room. The lights suddenly switched on when we walked in to see everyone. A crowd of 140 had turned out despite the horrible night. A true tribute to a great man.
“This song was played at the start and finish of a CD I had put together. A fabulous night was had by all. I often think of my childhood friends around the West End when I hear this, as well. The song Friends And Neighbours, by Flanagan and Allen, I like to sing along to when I'm doing my chores. This also reminds me of childhood times, lots of good friends and neighbours in Nuns Street in the 1950s and 60s.
“I'm lucky, now, with my neighbours – all lovely and look out for this old gal. I could go on and on with lots of songs that make me recall certain memories but just picked a few special ones. As I write this, I'm looking up at Mike's photo on the wall and I think of the song Sweet, Sweet The Memories You Gave Me by Dean Martin but that's another story.”
Irish businesses and policymakers will watch the forthcoming British general election campaign from behind the sofa. The campaign will surely clarify the UK's negotiating approach to Brexit, an issue of vital national interest for Ireland. The rhetoric of the election campaign will be “ out means” – but the reality of how this will be managed is vital for us.
The initial market reaction was that a stronger majority and a new mandate could give the Conservatives more leeway to take a less confrontational approach to the Brexit talks with the EU. Sterling rose on hopes of a softer, negotiated Brexit. Whether this initial theory survives the inevitably divisive campaign to come remains to be seen, however.
Theresa May clearly sees the opportunity for an increased majority – and all the opinion polls would support this. You could speculate that she is going to the country now before the Brexit talks get underway, as only as will the likely cost of Brexit to people's pockets and jobs start to become clear. The UK economy has held up surprisingly well after last summer's vote, with the first signs of weakness only now starting to appear. But the Brexit talks are about damage limitation and the huge and lengthy challenges she faces may slowly be becoming clear in Downing Street.
Signals
What will now be of keen interest to economic policymakers and businesses here will be the signals sent out during the campaign. What are the details of the Brexit strategy which the Conservatives will outline? Talk this weekend that Britain could hold on to some EU institutions after Brexit suggests that London remains in denial about what might be achieved. But at very least the Conservatives must now be starting to realise that the initial spin that Britain's exit and a new trade deal could all be negotiated in two years was delusional.
Behind the tough talking, there have been some signs recently that the UK government was willing to make some compromises, which might – for example – make it easier to negotiate a transitional period after it leaves the EU and while a new trade deal is finalised.
The Conservatives will surely be pushed to outline their strategy in more detail during the campaign. It hinges on exactly what compromises Britain is willing to make on key issues such as freedom of movement to ease the path to Brexit and beyond. The easier Brexit is, the better it will be for Ireland, of course. We need a smooth negotiation, a calm exit and a deal which allow free trade to continue in future, or something close to it. Huge barriers remain to achieving all this and the EU side is talking tough .
Opportunity
The Confederation of British Industry (CBI) and the other business lobbies will have been taken by surprise – like the rest of us – by the election announcement. But make no mistake – British business will see this as their last big opportunity to shape the Brexit agenda. And no expense will be spared or opportunity lost in the weeks ahead to highlight the risks to trade and jobs from a hard Brexit.
As ever in Ireland, the immediate focus will be on what this means for sterling. The market reaction after the announcement, based on the view that a stronger majority could lead to smoother Brexit talks, was for sterling to rise strongly against the dollar and the euro. This is good news for Irish exporters, of course, who suffered in the second half of last year from sterling weakness.
You would suspect the UK currency will ebb and flow during the campaign, with any “hard Brexit” rhetoric leading to it to lose ground. Meanwhile signals that the new government is willing to take a more pragmatic approach to getting a deal done could underpin the currency.
The issues for Irish business and the economy are the obvious one - the future of free trade, the common travel and employment area and the Border. But the stakes for Ireland are starting to become clear, particularly the damage which a hard Brexit could lead to in rural Ireland, the food sector and among smaller exporting SMEs, along with the wider disruption.
Some damage now looks inevitable. The Border will return – in some form. There will, at least, be customs barriers to trade and, at worst, damaging tariffs and quotas. The gap in terms of the potential economic impact for Ireland between a hard Brexit and a softer one is huge. That is why the mandate which May seeks is of vital interest for us.
By David Nakamura
US President Donald Trump denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis by name today and announced that the Justice Department has launched a civil rights investigation into the killing of a counterprotester at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville over the weekend as he sought to tamp down mounting criticism of his initial response to the violence.
"Anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held accountable," Trump said in brief remarks to reporters in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House, where he returned after a week of vacation in Bedminster, New Jersey. "We condemn in the strongest possible terms the egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence. It has no place in America."
Trump added: "Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to all that we hold dear as a nation."
Advertisement
The statement came two days after he failed to specifically condemn the white supremacist rally after a woman was killed and as many as 19 wounded by a driver who reportedly espoused racist and pro-Nazi sentiments and had taken part in the "Unite the Right" march in Charlottesville.
On Saturday, Trump condemned "the egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides," sparking sharp criticism from Democrats, civil rights proponents and some Republicans for failing to single out and condemn the white supremacists who sparked the violence.
On Monday, Kenneth C. Frazier, CEO of Merck, said in a tweet that he was resigning from Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying he was doing so "as a matter of personal conscience" and that "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 8 Charging up the U.S. Masters leaderboard, Jordan Spieth stood on the 13th fairway on Saturday, turned to his caddie Michael Greller and asked: "What would Arnie do?"
The only answer, of course, was “go for it”. The swashbuckling Arnold Palmer after all did not win four Green Jackets and 62 PGA Tour titles playing it safe.
So channeling 'The King', Spieth stepped up and made a swing so perfect that he was worried his ball was going to end up beyond the green, but it settled nicely to set up a two-putt birdie.
The daring paid off as Spieth rode the momentum to a four-under 68 to trail co-leaders Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia by two strokes going into the final round.
"I think Mike was taken back. He was very much pressing for a lay-up there and laying up was the smart shot," smiled Spieth.
"I had 228 (yards) to the hole. I couldn't see the green, given where the tree was located. I'm right handed. I could see the right edge on the tower, but my ball, the actual shot wasn't blocked.
"It was just about committing to what you can see and what you actually know is there.
"I just, you know, ‘what would Arnie do' was my way of expressing it to Michael, which we all know is exactly what he would have done."
Palmer died last September but his presence has been felt everywhere at Augusta National.
There is a similar 'dam the torpedoes' quality to Spieth's play and the 23-year-old Texan seems to have the same unique bond with Augusta National that Palmer had.
Spieth has played three Masters, winning the Green Jacket once and finishing runner-up twice.
For the first time at Augusta, he will not play in the final group on Sunday, but most likely will be contender.
"I mean, may as well swing freely, play with confidence," said Spieth. "We fought back tremendously to have a chance to win this golf tournament and no matter what happens at the end we will have a chance to win with a really good round tomorrow.
"New experience for me, coming from behind on Sunday at the Masters, which is kind of fun to say.
"Finishing fifth versus 10th doesn't mean much to me, so that frees me up a bit tomorrow."
A classic frontrunner, it will require an Augusta comeback for the ages for Spieth to don Green Jacket on Sunday.
He trailed by 10 strokes after an opening round marred by a quadruple-bogey at the par-five 15th, and has methodically battled his way back into contention.
"I know that anything can happen," said Spieth. "I know that; if I am able to jump out into the lead, I know that you have to keep the gas pedal down and pretend you're not.
"I've been on both sides of it now, and I like the winning side better. So I'm certainly going to go for broke tomorrow." (Editing by Andrew Both)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Sanam Baloch has been an actress we've enjoyed watching on screen, her charming persona, her smile and her versatile acting is what keeps us hooked on to her characters. Teri Raza marks Sanam's comeback into dramas with Big bang Productions and ARY.
Sanam is currently playing the role of “Suhana” in Teri Raza which she has breathed life into alongside Shehroze Subzwari. She plays a very chirpy character who adores her Dadi a lot. But there are a few things she has been doing wrong and that's what raised a question for us to look an answer for.
Decisions taken by parents are the best ones:
Young generation often disagrees with the decisions of parents and with what they teach maybe because of generation gap and the world constantly evolving. But because they are always right, once should properly listen to what they are saying and try to keep themselves in their shoes and then should think about it.
Suhana from Teri Raza agreed for her first marraige upon her parents wish but made sure that her second marraige would be as she wants it to be. After her divorce she marries Rameez without the consent of her parents and now will be bearing the consequences coming to her because of her decision. Imtiaz was the one who used to treat her like a princess wheras Rameez is a casanova who just cares about himself.
Respect the ones who love you:
Your parents love you the most, they are the ones who stay with you thick and thin. We have seen Suhana not respecting her parents in Rameez's matter. She always took Imtiaz for granted and never tried to love him from the core of her heart. Imtiaz being so much in love with Suhana, does everything as she says and asks for. He opened up a boutique for her so that she can pursue her dream of being a fashion designer. Suhana still paid no heed to his feelings,
Now when she lives with Rameez and sees his priorities and his family's expectations from her, will she miss Imtiaz and all the luxuries provided by him for her?
Always believe in Allah's Raza:
Whatever Allah plans, is the best anyone could get and that's what Suhana was not satisfied with. Her and Imtiyaz's istikhara was positive and according to it she well lead a happy life with Imtiaz but despite cherishing his feelings and love for her, she didn't stop running after Rameez and ended up marrying him leaving Imtiaz's love and care behind.
We do not always get what we wish for and only Allah knows better what's good and bad for us. Suhana did a few mistakes in her life and she will for sure regret them. Let's see at what end she realizes her mistakes and whether she'll alter them or not that is yet to be disclosed.
Comments
comments
LONDON, March 28 South Africa's rand took another tumble on Tuesday with investors reeling from President Jacob Zuma's sudden decision to recall his finance minister from a trip abroad in a sign of escalating tensions.
The rand lost more than 2 percent to 13.0968 against the dollar during morning trade, having dropped 2.4 percent on Monday in its steepest daily loss since the sell-off sparked by the U.S. election in November.
Yields in dollar-denominated sovereign debt and local government benchmark bonds jumped, while the cost of insuring government debt against default also rose.
The losses came after Zuma ordered Pravin Gordhan, trusted as a steady hand by investors, to return back to South Africa from an investor roadshow in London, triggering speculation he could lose his job in an imminent cabinet reshuffle.
"The ongoing dispute between President Zuma and Finance Minister Gordhan over the control of public finances and state-owned companies may have reached its final stage," Piotr Maty, emerging market FX strategist at Rabobank wrote in a note to clients, adding the rand could weaken to 14 to the dollar or significantly more.
"Gordhan's departure would increase the risk that the required structural reforms will not be implemented and the commitment to maintain spending in check may weaken, which could lead to ratings agencies downgrading South Africa to junk."
Currencies and emerging market assets elsewhere fared mixed thanks to rising commodity prices but also faced by a steadier dollar as anxiety over Donald Trump's setback on healthcare reforms that had rattled global markets in recent days waned.
China's yuan weakened 0.2 percent and mainland stocks fell 0.4 percent on further signs of tightening liquidity after the Chinese central bank refrained from injecting short term funds into the banking system for the third straight session.
Russia's rouble eased 0.1 percent after the central bank chief said there were grounds to increase lending in the country and vowed that cleaning up Russia's banking system was a priority.
However, MSCI's emerging market benchmark equity index gained 0.3 percent, reversing Monday's losses.
Hungary is expected to hold interest rates at its record low of 0.9 percent when policymakers announce their decision later in the day, though the limit on funds commercial banks can hold in 3-months deposits is expected to be lowered.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 968.75 +3.04 +0.31 +12.35
Czech Rep 985.81 +6.36 +0.65 +6.97
Poland 2212.33 +10.45 +0.47 +13.57
Hungary 32155.33 +279.11 +0.88 +0.48
Romania 7963.81 +2.79 +0.04 +12.40
Greece 656.76 +10.19 +1.58 +2.04
Russia 1116.88 +2.22 +0.20 -3.08
South Africa 44979.07 +318.17 +0.71 +2.45
Turkey 90121.76 +426.70 +0.48 +15.34
China 3252.99 -13.96 -0.43 +4.81
India 29402.87 +165.72 +0.57 +10.43
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 27.02 27.02 -0.00 -0.04
Poland 4.25 4.24 -0.19 +3.58
Hungary 309.35 308.73 -0.20 -0.17
Romania 4.55 4.55 +0.03 -0.30
Serbia 123.86 123.85 -0.01 -0.41
Russia 56.98 56.88 -0.18 +7.52
Kazakhstan 314.85 315.56 +0.23 +5.97
Ukraine 27.12 27.11 -0.04 -0.44
South Africa 12.89 12.75 -1.13 +6.52
Kenya 102.85 102.70 -0.15 -0.47
Israel 3.61 3.61 -0.07 +6.59
Turkey 3.61 3.62 +0.04 -2.42
China 6.88 6.87 -0.22 +0.86
India 64.97 64.97 +0.00 +4.58
Brazil 3.13 3.13 -0.02 +4.07
Mexico 18.87 18.88 +0.06 +9.77
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 327 -2 .03 7 69.35 1
All data taken from Reuters at 08:58 GMT. Currency percent change calculated from the daily U.S. close at 2130 GMT.
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) (Editing by Tom Heneghan)
GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP) — Packers coach Mike McCarthy was cautious. His players seemed hopeful.
Green Bay might be getting quarterback Aaron Rodgers back soon from a collarbone injury.
But the final decision rests with the team doctor, with the help of other experts, on whether the two-time NFL MVP is healthy enough to return for the Packers' game this weekend against Carolina.
McCarthy said there was no timeline for when medical staff will decide on potentially clearing Rodgers after the quarterback had tests and scans on his surgically repaired collarbone on Monday.
“It's in the evaluation process … I'd like to know as soon as possible,” McCarthy said. “Frankly it's best for Aaron to know as soon as possible. He's the one that has to get ready, and obviously in his mind he's ready to go if you watch him practice and the conversations with him.”
But the franchise quarterback was still waiting for medical clearance.
McCarthy said “this is a medical decision and team doctor (Pat) McKenzie is obviously in touch with a number of different medical experts and they're evaluating the information.”
Rodgers could be eligible to be activated for Sunday, which would be eight weeks after going on injured reserve following his injury on Oct. 15 at Minnesota. The two-time NFL MVP returned to practice Dec. 2 on what McCarthy called a “trial return.” Rodgers ran the scout team last week.
“It's going to be fun having him back,” left tackle David Bakhtiari said after the 27-21 win over the Cleveland Browns on Sunday.
The overtime victory kept Green Bay (7-6) in contention for a playoff spot, going 3-4 in games started by backup Brett Hundley.
“My No. 1 thought going into it was keep our hopes alive to make the playoffs and we're still in it,” Hundley said after beating the Browns. “When my number's called upon, I'll be ready.”
It will still be a tough road to return to the postseason with three games left, whether or not Rodgers returns.
Trailing NFC North-leading Minnesota by three games, the Packers are one of four teams with at least seven wins chasing Atlanta (8-5) for the final wild-card berth.
But the sight of Rodgers back at practice has boosted spirits. Coaches and teammates have said Rodgers has looked good in practice.
He looked like a nervous and excited assistant coach on the sideline in Cleveland as he consulted with McCarthy and Hundley late in the game. Rodgers has stuck to a normal midweek preparation routine.
“But frankly, he has (spent) an extraordinary amount of time in the rehab part of it,” McCarthy said. “I think that speaks volumes, because it's really put him in this position of where he's at. As we all know, his rehab has been exceptional, and he looks great.”
Notes: CB Davon House suffered a significant back injury against the Browns “so he will be challenged to be ready this week,” McCarthy said. The Packers already lost another starter at cornerback, Kevin King, after placing the rookie on IR last week with a shoulder injury.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
April 20 Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd:
* Seeks members' nod to mortgage, charge, or pledge all shares of MSSL (GB) Ltd, UK, held or to be held directly by co
* Seeks members' nod to secure financial assistance in form of loans or other financial facilities for up to 22 billion rupees Source text: bit.ly/2pVtJeM Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
By Karoun Demirjian, Anne Gearan
The Senate voted overwhelmingly today to allow Congress to block any efforts from the US President to scale back sanctions against Russia, and to step up sanctions against Moscow for interfering in the 2016 elections.
The vote of 97 to 2 is a sharp rebuke to President Donald Trump's posture vis-à-vis Russia and his resistance to the intelligence community's assessment that the country was behind efforts to influence the election he won.
The two senators who voted against the measure were Republicans Rand Paul and Mike Lee.
Advertisement
Trump has repeatedly and openly doubted the veracity of the assessment. And while his Administration has not ordered a rollback of any existing sanction, lawmakers have been concerned about his conciliatory, and at times even forgiving, rhetoric about Russia, as well as recent moves to give Moscow back control over two diplomatic compounds that the Obama Administration reclaimed in late December.
The Obama Administration said Russia had been using the facilities for intelligence gathering; when they were closed, 35 Russian operatives were also expelled from the country.
"This Administration has been too eager, far too eager in my mind, to put sanctions relief on the table," Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer said. "We cannot let Russia's meddling in our elections go unpunished, lest they ever consider something similar again."
Trump's campaign has been the focus of congressional and FBI scrutiny in the past several months, as investigators dig into allegations his surrogates colluded with Russian officials to swing the election. He has accused Democrats of pursuing a witch hunt against him.
The President's team pushed back today against the legislation, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warning lawmakers against passing anything that might tie the Administration's hands.
"We would ask for the flexibility to turn the heat up when we need to, but also to ensure that we have the ability to maintain a constructive dialogue," Tillerson said in testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
"I certainly agree with the sentiment that has been conveyed by several members from both parties that Russia must be held accountable for its meddling in US elections," Tillerson said, adding that he agrees Russia did attempt to interfere.
But Tillerson also said his mandate is to try to improve US relations with Russia in ways that would benefit the United States, and he suggested that the new penalties may get in the way.
Tillerson's testimony is effectively a warning that the Administration may oppose a package of new punishments that could be approved by the Senate this week.
But if the Senate's vote is any guide, congressional support for the measure will probably be veto-proof. The House has yet to vote on the measure, which was added as an amendment to a popular bill stiffening sanctions against Iran for that country's recent ballistic missile tests.
Even the President's staunchest supporters voted in lockstep with his sharpest critics to endorse the Russia sanctions measure, applying what Senate Banking Committee Chairman. Republican Mike Crapo, referred to as "a correct amount of pressure" on Russia that will "ensure Congress exerts proper oversight over the use of these powerful sanctions".
Today's measure would give Congress the chance to block any efforts by the Trump Administration - or any other president, for that matter - to roll back sanctions without the consent of Congress.
It would also codify existing sanctions against Russia over its annexation of Crimea and involvement in the war in eastern Ukraine.
The measure would then apply new sanctions against Russia for its activities in Syria, where the Kremlin is supporting the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and for its meddling in last year's US presidential election.
The punitive measures in the legislation are focused on various areas, including the Russian intelligence and defense sectors, parts of its energy sector, and its metals, mining and railways economy. It also includes measures to better track and combat corruption and illicit financing structures that lead back to Russia.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
The attention to detail in design and sophistication extends to even the most basic of things in the Renault Captur
Update: Renault Captur Launched At Rs 9.99 Lakh
The Renault Captur does not have just any key, it has a Smart Access Card. Similar in shape to a typical credit/debit card, the Smart Access Card combines ease of use, safety and sophistication. It's the size of a credit card which makes it easy to carry in your pocket or purse while also allowing for a large space to place the various buttons for different features.
There are, of course, the lock and unlock buttons on the Smart Access Card. It also gets a button for the find-me function, where the car makes itself visible in a crowded parking lot by switching on its lights -- not that you really need it considering how the Captur stands out from the crowd. Another important function which can be controlled with the Smart Access Card is opening the hatch door without opening the main doors: press the dedicated button on the card and you can access the 392-litre luggage space without worrying about anyone opening the other doors.
Got your hands full? No need to worry. Just press the sensors on either of the front doors to access the beautiful and spacious cabin. Once inside, you can place the card in its dedicated slot beside the start/stop button on the lower centre console - this triggers a unique welcome sequence in the Infinity Instrument Cluster. Alternatively, you can keep the card in your pocket, press the start/stop button anyway and drive off to a destination as captivating to your senses as the Captur.
The Captur's door-lock mechanism auto locks the doors at 10kmph, though you can use the lock/unlock button on the top of the centre console to do the same at standstill. Pulling on any of the interior door handles on the front doors also unlocks the car when stationary, which is a convenient, time-saving feature.
If you have reached your destination, the car is smart enough to know if you have left the Smart Access Card inside, warning you with a message on the Infinity Instrument Cluster with accompanying warning sounds. Unlike cars of days past, the Captur does not lock itself if you leave the Smart Access Card inside and step outside the car. Take the Smart Access Card, step out and walk away - the Captur will auto-lock itself! If you want to be sure, press the sensors on the front doors and the SUV will get locked.
Checkout: Renault Captur Customisation Options Detailed
* Sponsored feature
MADRID Jorge Sampaoli takes his stuttering Sevilla to Camp Nou on Wednesday in his last chance to prove to Barcelona he has the quality to coach them next season.
The Catalans are looking to keep the pressure on Real Madrid at the top of La Liga ahead of Los Blancos' game at Leganes afterwards, but the clash with Sevilla isn't as tough as it first appeared.
For much of the season Sampaoli's side were in the title race but their season collapsed in March, with Leicester City eliminating them from the Champions League and their Liga form suffering too.
Since beating Athletic Bilbao 1-0 on March 2, Sevilla have drawn three games against Alaves, Leganes and Sporting Gijon, as well as falling at Atletico Madrid.
They are now fourth in the table and 10 points behind leaders Madrid, who have played a game more.
Sampaoli's chances of replacing Luis Enrique, who will leave when his Barcelona contract expires in June, have dwindled, with Athletic Bilbao's Ernesto Valverde and current assistant coach Juan Carlos Unzue now the favourites.
Only a high quality display could help his case, but critics say that Sampaoli's high-pressing style has taken a toll and his squad is now drained, though the coach disagreed.
"I do not see a lack of freshness, but we could not hit the target once we were in the opposition's half," Sampaoli said after the 0-0 draw with Sporting.
“We must improve in regard to converting our chances. Do we have less energy now than earlier in the season? I do not agree with that analysis.”
With Sevilla in poor form, Barcelona will expect to earn the three points, particularly with key players rested.
Lionel Messi was suspended for the 4-1 win at Granada on Sunday and Gerard Pique was rested after playing twice for Spain. Andres Iniesta was only a substitute and Samuel Umtiti did not feature. But all four players are expected to start against Sevilla.
Luis Enrique was pleased to be able to rest his stars and still take three points from Nuevo Los Carmenes. “It's great when you can make up for absent players with the type of squad we have, because it is with squads that win you trophies.”
Rafinha injured his knee against Granada and will be missing, along with Arda Turan and long-term absentee Aleix Vidal.
Real Madrid, meanwhile, head to local rivals Leganes, although they will be without Raphael Varane, who injured his hamstring in the 3-0 win over Alaves on Sunday.
Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane hopes they can pick up the pace after a good result though disappointing display at the Bernabeu.
“We know we have to improve. With games every three days, you can't always play well for 90 minutes. We have to consider that this is the way it's going to be almost every three days and it'll only get worse.”
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
New Cities Bring Number Of Shows To 16 for 2017; More To Be Added This Year
Holly Marie Combs
Media Contact
Jerry Milani
646-883-5022
pr@wizardworld.com Jerry Milani646-883-5022
End
-- Wizard World, Inc. (OTCBB:WIZD)today announced that it will add Montgomery, Ala., and Springfield, Mo., to its Comic Con calendar in the remainder of 2017. The Montgomery event will be held Oct. 20-22 at Renaissance Montgomery Hotel & Spa at the Convention Center, while Springfield is set for Nov. 10-12 at University Plaza Hotel & Convention Center.The new cities, both inaugural Wizard World events, are in addition to scheduled conventions in Chicago (August 24-27), Nashville, Tenn. (Sept. 8-10), Madison, Wis. (Sept. 22-24), Oklahoma City (Oct. 27-29) and Austin, Texas (Nov. 17-19), bringing the current total number of 2017 Wizard World Comic Cons to 16. Additional shows for 2017 will be announced very soon."We are excited to be bringing our pop culture celebrations to these two growing cities," said John D. Maatta, Wizard World President and C.E.O. "We have big things in store for 2018, and the addition of Montgomery and Springfield is a reaffirmation of our commitment to producing high entertainment value for fans across the country."Celebrities scheduled to attend the Montgomery show include Nichelle Nichols ("Star Trek"), Jon Heder (Napoleon Dynamite, The Benchwarmers), Emily Swallow ("Supernatural,""The Mentalist), Holly Marie Combs ("Charmed," "Picket Fences"), Nicholas Brendon ("Buffy the Vampire Slayer") and Briana Buckmaster ("Supernatural,""White Ninja").Springfield guests to date include Nichols, Heder, Combs, Craig Parker ("Spartacus,"Lord of the Rings) and Andrew Gower ("Outlander,""Being Human").Additional celebrities and creators, as well as entertainment and programming schedules, will be announced soon.Wizard World Comic Con dates, locations and venues for the remainder of 2017 are as follows (*denotes newly-added event):• August 24-27, Chicago, Donald E. Stephens Convention Center• September 8-10, Nashville, Tenn., Music City Center• September 22-24, Madison, Wis., Alliant Energy Center• *October 20-22, Montgomery, Ala., Renaissance Montgomery Hotel & Spa at the Convention Center• October 27-29, Oklahoma City, Cox Convention Center• *November 10-12, Springfield, Mo., University Plaza Hotel & Convention Center• November 17-19, Austin, Texas, Austin Convention CenterWizard World Comic Con events bring together thousands of fans of all ages to celebrate the best in pop culture: movies, television, gaming, live entertainment, comics, sci-fi, graphic novels, toys, original art, collectibles, contests and more. Kids 10 and under are admitted free with paid adult.Wizard World Comic Con is also the place for cosplay, with fans young and old showing off their best costumes throughout the event. Fans dressed as every imaginable character – and some never before dreamed – will roam the convention floor and participate in the famed Wizard World Costume Contest on Saturday evening at each show.About Wizard World (OTCBB:WIZD)Wizard World, Inc. ( www.wizardworld.com ) produces comic, gaming and pop culture conventions across North America that celebrate the best in pop culture: movies, television, gaming, live entertainment, comics, sci-fi, graphic novels, toys, original art, collectibles, contests and more. A first-class lineup of topical programming and entertainment takes place at each event, with celebrity Q&A's, comics-themed sessions, costume contests, movie screenings, evening parties and more. Fans can interact with Wizard World on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and other social media services.The 2017 Wizard World convention schedule is available at: http://www.wizardworld.com/ comiccon
Avangrid adjusted earnings from renewables fell to $47m in the first quarter of 2018, compared with $59m in the same period last year.
The company said benefits from improved wind production in the first three months of the year, were offset by “less favorable mark-to-market adjustments and the absence of positive discrete tax adjustments recorded in the first quarter of 2017”.
Related Stories Avangrid plans US war chest
17 Nov 2017
Wind central for newborn Avangrid
16 Dec 2015 Production benefited from the addition of 534MW of wind and 56MW of solar power that came online in the last 12 months, Avangrid said.
Overall earnings at the company increased to $243m this year, compared with $227m in 2016, on the back of a stronger showing in the networks business.
Network earnings improved because of the implementation of multi-year rate plans in New York and Connecticut and improve cost management, Avangrid said.
Avangrid chief executive James Torgerson said: “Adjusted earnings improved primarily due to the implementation of our multi-year rate plans, increased wind production mainly from the 534MW of capacity that came online in 2017, and continued focus on operational excellence and best practices implementation.”
Image: Avangrid
April 6 Royal Bank Of Canada
* RBC global asset management inc. Announces march sales results for RBC funds, ph&n funds and bluebay funds and first quarter sales results for RBC etfs
* RBC global asset management inc - march mutual fund net sales of $1.1 billion
* RBC global asset management inc - march long-term funds had net sales of $1.0 billion and money market funds had net sales of $99 million
* RBC global asset management inc - mutual fund assets under management increased by 1.1 per cent in March Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Caroline Wozniacki complained about the flying insects at Wimbledon, demanding that bug spray be brought to the court.
Flying ants cause Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark to shake her hair as she attempts to serve against Ekaterina Makarova of Russia during their Ladies' Singles second round match on day three of the Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Championships at All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in London. Source: Getty
She wondered aloud whether play should be halted because of a brief drizzle.
And the No. 2-seeded Wozniacki was not exactly gracious in defeat after staving off five match points, but not the sixth, in what became a 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 loss to 35th-ranked Ekaterina Makarova of Russia in the second round at the England Club today.
The reigning Australian Open champion's latest lackluster showing at Wimbledon made her the fifth top-eight seeded woman to exit by the end of Day 3.
Wozniacki said Makarova "got a little lucky" and added, "I would be very surprised if you saw her go far."
Asked what she thought of those remarks, Makarova laughed and replied: "Well, I don't know what to say. Yeah, maybe I was lucky today. Good for me. Thanks, God."
While both Williams sisters moved into the third round, as did past US Open runners-up Madison Keys and Karolina Pliskova, among the women, and Roger Federer won 35 consecutive points on his serve while extending his Wimbledon set streak to 26 in a row, it was Wozniacki's departure that counted as the closest thing to big news on Wednesday.
She is a former No. 1 who recently claimed her first Grand Slam title. She won a grass-court tuneup tournament last weekend.
She had managed to convince herself this was going to be her year to shine at the England Club, the only major where she's never been past the fourth round.
In addition to her title on the hard courts in Australia, she's twice been the runner-up on that surface at the US Open, and she's been a quarterfinalist twice on the French Open's red clay.
But a game that is principally predicated on defence can be harder to make work on the speedy grass, where Makarova produced twice as many winners today, 46-23.
"It's frustrating," Wozniacki said, "because I feel like I could have gone and done something really great here."
Instead, it's the fourth time in the past seven years that she's out in the first or second round.
She almost put together quite a comeback, though.
After trailing 5-1 in the third set, Wozniacki broke twice when Makarova served for the match.
The second time, at 5-3, Makarova was within a point of victory four times, but was unable to convert, wasting one of those opportunities with a double-fault.
Once Wozniacki pulled even in the last set by holding at love, Makarova gave herself a bit of a talking-to.
"At 5-all, I said to myself: 'OK, calm down. Start over,'" recounted Makarova, a former top-10 player who twice has been a major semifinalist and got to the Wimbledon quarterfinals in 2014.
From deuce in that game, she picked up six of the last seven points.
Earlier in the match, Wozniacki was buggin' out about the bugs that also showed up last year at the tournament. She insisted that something needed to be done about them.
Makarova, too, called the scene "a little bit strange and different" and "a little bit uncomfortable."
That word also described how Makarova's left-handed game made Wozniacki feel.
"I had a chance today. I fought all I had. I'm out. That's it," said Wozniacki, who actually won more total points, 94-91.
"It's life sometimes. You just have to keep working and come back. And hopefully next time, luck will be on my side."
All that really matters, of course, is who wins the last point, something five-time champion Venus Williams did after a poor start for the second round in a row.
Once again, she dropped the opening set. And once again, she dominated the rest of the way, this time beating 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1.
At 38, Williams was the oldest woman in the field, but she is now into the third round a year after getting to the final.
