- Advertisement -
The Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) has denied report of an on-going secret recruitment by the agency.
In a statement signed by its spokesperson, Abdullahi Goje, the agency said they knew nothing about a secret recruitment.
The statement read: “The authority states that nothing could be farther from the truth as this process started over one year ago as evident in advertisements for recruitment placed in the November 11, 2016 editions of Daily Sun, The Nation and Daily Trust newspapers.
- Advertisement -
“This exercise also followed the procedure laid down by the federal government. In accordance with extant requirements by Nigerian laws, the NPA observed the following processes:
“The vacancies were widely advertised in national dailies and examination conducted across the six geo-political zones of the country by reputable consultants.
“The vacancies were also well publicised on the recruitment portal of the Authority's website. The Federal Character Commission (FCC) is fully involved in this recruitment exercise.
“Interviews took place across the six geo-political locations.”
Comedian Whitney Cummings revealed in her newly released memoir that she struggled with an eating disorder for years.
The stand-up comedian, co-creator and co-writer of the CBS comedy “2 Broke Girls” wrote her first memoir titled “I'm Fine … And Other Lies.” In it, she discusses the mistakes she made in her life and the years she battled an eating disorder.
The comedian wrote from ages 14 to 18 her diet consisted of “rice cakes, apples and nonfat yogurt,” People reported.
“I became irrationally terrified of fat,” Cummings wrote.
The writer said she became “alarmingly thin … I looked like the shadow of Jared Leto” and her hair started falling out, but she could not stop her weight obsession.
“It was as if I were looking in a funhouse mirror that makes your hips comically large. I literally could not see myself how others did,” Cummings wrote.
After she moved to Los Angeles at age 19, her eating disorder continued but she started binge-eating.
“Binge eating disorder is a severe, life-threatening and treatable eating disorder characterized by recurrent episodes of eating large quantities of food (often very quickly and to the point of discomfort); a feeling of a loss of control during the binge; experiencing shame, distress or guilt afterwards; and regularly using unhealthy compensatory measures (e.g., purging) to counter the binge eating,” the National Eating Disorder Association describes on its website.
Cummings said she would find herself covered in wrappers when she woke up because she would eat in her sleep.
“Sometimes I was even sticky from whatever weird sauce I blindly poured down my throat,” Cummings wrote.
The comedian said she was able to conquer her disorder with the help of her friends. Cummings said her eating disorder derived from her low self-confidence. She still has trouble with food some times but hopes her experience will help others.
“The other good news about my overcoming an eating disorder and putting some weight on is that it makes you look about ten years younger,” Cummings wrote. “People keep asking me if I've gotten a facelift and I'm like, ‘Nope, just got that extra side of guac.'”
Cummings' next project is the HBO comedy “A Lot” which she will star in and executive produce.
If you or a loved one are in need of support, resources or treatment options, please contact the National Eating Disorders Association Helpline at (800) 931-2237.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Advertisement
The Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, has said that the amount of counterfeit notes in Nigeria from January to December 2016 was less than one per cent of the total.
The CBN made this known in reaction to claims by a former deputy governor of the apex bank, Obadia Mailafia, that 20 per cent of the currency circulating nationwide is fake.
While speaking at the public hearing on the 2017 budget at the National Assembly on Monday, Mr. Mailafia had said that 20
per cent of the currency circulating in the country is fake.
“Twenty percent of currency circulating in Nigeria is fake; you can't bring down food prices if you have fake currency circulating,” the former CBN boss had said.
But in a statement released, Tuesday, by Isaac Okorafor, CBN's Director of Corporate Communications, the apex bank refuted the claims, noting that the less than one per cent rate represents 0.0014 per cent or 14 counterfeit pieces out of one million banknotes.
“While we acknowledge that no currency in the world is immune from counterfeiting, we make bold to state that the rate of counterfeiting in Nigeria has been very minimal due to appropriate policies put in place by the Bank,” the CBN said.
“Indeed, our records at the Bank clearly indicate that the prevalence of counterfeit notes in Nigeria from January to December 2016 was LESS THAN ONE PER CENT (0.0014 per cent) or 14 counterfeit pieces out of one million banknotes.”
The apex bank added that in line with its core value of proactivity, it has always endeavoured to use strong security features to make it difficult for dishonest persons to counterfeit the currency, adding that it has also carried out periodic massive nation-wide enlightenment of Nigerians on easy identification of fake banknotes and the reporting of such.
Advertisement
“We therefore find it rather curious that a former high ranking official of the CBN would make such bogus and unauthentic claims apparently calculated to destroy confidence in our national currency and sabotage the collaborative efforts of the CBN and the Federal Government at ensuring enduring stability of the financial system.
“The unfortunate implication of the fabricated claim of the said former official of the Bank, is that it gives the false impression that two bills out of every ten Naira pieces held by an individual is ‘fake'.”
The CBN, the statement said, therefore, challenged Mr. Mailafia to present empirical evidences to the public in support of his claims, noting that the CBN frowns at attempt to counterfeit the naira.
“We therefore challenge the said former CBN official to make public the empirical evidence suggesting that 20 per cent Naira currency in circulation is fake,” the spokesperson said.
“For the avoidance of doubt, the CBN frowns strongly at attempts to counterfeit the Naira. We remain committed to safeguarding the value of the Naira by ensuring that our Naira banknotes are not susceptible to counterfeiting.
“We also work constantly with relevant security agencies to monitor and check the activities of counterfeiters.”
The bank, however, called on Nigerians to disregard the claims and report suspected cases of counterfeiting to the appropriate quarters.
“Members of the public are therefore advised to disregard the false alarm raised by the said former CBN official, be wary of the activities of counterfeiters and report any case of counterfeiting to the police and their banks,” it said.
NEW DELHI: India's health ministry has trimmed its cost estimates for extending its main public health program by 25 percent after criticism from a federal think-tank over inefficiency and slow progress, according to government documents seen by Reuters.
The new estimate of US$25 billion for a three-year extension of the flagship health program, down from an initial figure of about US$33 billion, comes as Prime Minister Narendra Modi pushes a multi-pronged agenda to revamp health services.
Planned reforms include streamlining spending and bureaucracy, slashing prices of life-saving drugs and medical devices, and nudging companies such as PepsiCo to make more healthy products.
To extend the National Health Mission to 2020, a think-tank led by Modi and the finance ministry in March told health officials to rework the original proposal with "realistic" budget expectations and to incorporate lessons from neighbors such as Nepal and Bangladesh, the documents show.
In response, the health ministry has resubmitted a plan with lower cost estimates and a list of targets to be achieved by 2020, including strengthening health infrastructure and reducing tobacco use.
The finance ministry, which will review the plan for approval this month, did not respond to a request for comment. The federal think-tank, NITI Aayog, declined to comment.
Advertisement
Advertisement
India's National Health Mission is one of the world's largest public health programs. It provides free drugs and treatment to millions of rural poor and helped to eradicate polio.
But the public health system is in a shambles and India ranks poorly on key indicators - more than a million children die every year before reaching the age of five.
After focusing on maternal and child health for years, the program will broaden priorities to tackle a growing burden of non-communicable diseases such as cancer, heart disease and diabetes, according to the documents.
The ministry has proposed increasing spending to treat such ailments from about US$150 million this year to US$1.5 billion in 2019-20, according to the new proposal which includes spending contributions from states.
The annual funding for strengthening the health system, including ramping up infrastructure and the work force, will more than double to about US$3 billion in 2019-20, the documents show.
The new funding estimates are in line with a goal of raising health spending to 2.5 percent of gross domestic product by 2025, from 1.15 percent, a health ministry official said.
CRITICISM, REVAMP
The NITI Aayog was at first against the continuation of the National Health Mission, according to a record of government meetings reviewed by Reuters.
During a March meeting to discuss the proposal, the NITI Aayog's health adviser said the program needed a "course correction" and needed to improve standards.
The adviser, Alok Kumar, also pointed out that despite investment in the program, public facilities were not attracting enough patients, documents showed.
Because rural hospitals in India are often dilapidated and suffer from a shortage of doctors, it is not uncommon for people to shun them and travel long distances in search of quality healthcare.
In the reworked plan, the ministry has prioritized out-patient departments, and aims to reduce premature mortality from cancer or heart ailments by a tenth and cut tobacco use by 7 percent by 2020, the documents showed.
Kumar pointed out in the March meeting that Bangladesh and Nepal had performed "better with even lower resources". Kumar declined to comment.
Data from World Health Organization shows that Nepal, for example, had an under-five mortality ratio of 35.8 per 1,000 births, compared with India's ratio of 47.7.
Health officials acknowledged in the meeting that results had yet to achieve levels of neighboring countries.
(Editing by Tom Lasseter and Robert Birsel)
Three men were arrested after leading police on a foot chase Friday afternoon, February 2.
Police say suspicious vehicle was spotted at the Dollar General on State Street. The vehicle failed to stop for the officer's emergency lights.
Shortly after, police say three men left the Dollar General store and appeared to be looking for a vehicle. The men started walking away after seeing the officer. The officer called for the men to stop. Police say one did, but the other two took off. After a pursuit, the men were taken into custody.
Anthony Michael Williamson was charged with Interference with official acts, carrying weapons, and felon in possession of a firearm. Total bond was set at $7300.00.
Shawn Castillo was charged with an intrastate warrant out of Johnson County, Iowa, for failure to appear-pretrial conference on a theft 2nd degree charge. Castillo's bond was set at $5,000.00 cash only.
Bryan Olea was charged with an interstate warrant out of Rock Island County, Illinois, for failure to appear-possession of controlled substance. Olea's bond was set at $20,000 cash only.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
LAHORE, Aug 13 (APP): Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Qamar
Javed Bajwa has said that terrorists would be taken to their logical
end and totally flushed out from the country.
He was addressing a ceremony after hoisting the highest flag
of South Asia and eighth highest in the world here at Wagah Border
on the 70th Independence Day of Pakistan.
The COAS said that Pakistan had rendered matchless sacrifices
in the war against terrorism. Expressing the determination to wipe
out terrorism from the country, he said that terrorists' bullets and
ammunition would be finished but they would not be able to defeat
the passion and love of the `jawans' of Pakistan Army for the
motherland.
He said Pakistan at present was confronted with a host of
internal and external challenges. He assured that Pakistan Army,
Rangers and other Law Enforcement Agencies would never deject the
people of Pakistan.
“We will foil the nefarious designs of anyone, who will try to
cast an evil eye on Pakistan,” he added.
He expressed the resolve to make Pakistan a country as
envisioned by Allama Mohammad Iqbal and Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali
Jinnah.
He said mistakes had been committed during the past 70 years
but now Pakistan was moving on the right path, which he added was
the path of law and the Constitution.
He said every institution in Pakistan was doing its duty and
working for the supremacy of Constitution.
The Army Chief said that Pakistan's flag was a symbol of its
dignity and prosperity. He said Pakistan was created in the name of
Allah and His Prophet (Peace Be Upon Him) and no one could defeat
it.
He congratulated Pakistan Rangers for arranging a superb flag
hoisting ceremony at the Wagah Border.
- Advertisement -
Justice Mojisola Olatoregun of the Federal High Court, sitting in Lagos, on Monday, sentenced and convicted a 35-year-old Cote d'Ivoire-based Nigerian, Grou Bi Clauvis, also known as Umeme Fabian Lotachukwu to 10 years imprisonment for unlawful dealing in 1.205 kilograms of methamphetamine, a prohibited drug.
The court convicted and sentenced Lotachukwu after he pleaded guilty to one count charge of unlawful dealing in narcotic leveled against him by the National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA).
The convict was arrested by the anti-narcotics agency, on March 27, at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos State, during outward clearance of passengers on Qatar Airways flight to Doha, Qatar, with 1.205 kilograms of methamphetamine, a psychotropic substance.
The offences, according to the prosecutor, Mr. Abu Ibrahim, were contrary to and punishable under section 11(b) of the NDLEA Act. Cap. N30, laws of the federation of Nigeria, 2004.
At the resumed trial of the matter, on Monday, the convict maintained his guilty plea.
Consequently, the presiding judge, Justice Olatoregun, ordered the prosecutor to review the fact of the matter.
In reviewing the fact of the case, the prosecutor, told the court how the convict was arrested with an Ivory Coast international passport with the said substance and $400 United State Dollars.
- Advertisement -
The prosecutor also tendered before the court the results of test analysis on the drugs, his confessional statements and sample of the drug, all these were admitted in exhibits.
After reviewing the fact of the case and admitting the exhibits, the prosecutor urged the court to convict and sentence him accordingly.
But the convict's lawyer, Mr. Prosper Ojakovo, in his alucutor, pleaded with the court to be lenient in sentencing his client, as he is a first time offender, and promised not to engage in such act if granted second chance.
In sentencing the convict, the presiding judge said: “I have taken into consideration that the convict is a first time offender, and also a young man.
“Am mindful of Section 11 of the NDLEA Act, which is mandatory, but am I going to vary it. It is of the public knowledge that the prison is full, and he is a young man.
“The convict is hereby sentence to 10 years jail term or option of N10 million”.
Justice Olatoregun also ordered the NDLEA to forfeit the Ivory Coast international passport to the government of Ivory Cost. While also ordered NDLEA to forfeit the sum of $400 USD, found in his possession to the Federal government of Nigeria, and that the money should be paid into the federal government account with Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN).
THERESA MAY today call on MPs to agree to a snap General Election to be held on June 8.
The Prime Minister used to a statement in Downing Street to set out the case for going back on her previous pledge there would be no election ahead of 2020.
Mrs May said the lack of "unity" in Westminster over the Brexit process was weakening the Government's negotiating hand with Brussels and meant an election was required.
Explaining the timing, Mrs May said it would coincide with the European Union leaders finalising their Brexit negotiating position and come before full talks begin.
Without a snap general election, Mrs May said "political game-playing" in Westminster would continue and lead to negotiations with the EU reaching their "most difficult stage" in the run-up to the previously scheduled 2020 vote.
"Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit, and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country," she said.
"So we need a general election and we need one now.
"Because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done, while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin."
Under the terms of the Fixed Term Parliament Act, MPs will have to vote for an early election in Parliament tomorrow.
Mrs May has repeatedly rejected the case for an early election and admitted in Downing Street she had only recently changed her mind.
"I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion," the PM said.
"Since I became Prime Minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020.
"But now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take."
Non-governmental organisations in Nigeria have constituted themselves as opposition party against the ruling All Progressives Congress, the Federal Government has declared.
According to the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, many civil society organisations in the country fail to appreciate the fight against corruption by the current administration.
The minister said this in Abuja while playing host to the Chair of Transparency International, Delia Ferreria Rubio, and the Executive Director of Civil Society Legislative Advocacy Centre, the local chapter of TI, Auwal Rafsanjani.
Mohammed was quoted in a statement issued by CISLAC on Wednesday as saying, “TI and CISLAC fail to see and appreciate the sociological dynamics of fighting corruption.
“They do not look at the picture but condemn the efforts of the government, like in the case of the Corruption Perception Index. NGOs have constituted themselves as an opposition party. There should be constant interaction with the government instead.”
The minister, however, welcomed the TI chair to Nigeria and thanked her for making Nigeria her first point of call in Africa.
Mohammed also told his guests that there was no government that has been as transparent as the current administration.
Earlier in her remarks, Rubio told the minister that although rules were necessary, they were not enough.
She said TI, through its local chapter in Nigeria, CISLAC, was willing to cooperate with the ministry in the fight against corruption.
Rubio requested that the fight against corruption be institutionalised so that the same issues do not arise when another government assumes power.
Reacting to the minister's claims against NGOs, Auwal pointed out that the TI only collates the report of the perception of corruption from various institutions like the World Bank and analyses it.
He said NGOs support the government whenever it is doing well and raise red flags in areas where government is not doing well.
He argued that CISLAC had in various capacities interacted with government and had assisted in capacity building in so many areas, an indication that the organisation is interested in the success of the country.
A large swath of Northern California is on track to record its wettest winter on record with a new storm moving in late Wednesday.
These areas, many of them in the Sierra Nevada, are running at 200% of normal rainfall, if not more. The records cover October to February.
This story has brought special anxiety because of the situation at the Oroville Dam, where high water levels and two crippled spillways have sparked concerns about major flooding.
The storm system is expected to arrive late Wednesday or early Thursday morning and could bring 2 to 4 inches of rainfall over Lake Oroville, said Tom Dang, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Sacramento. Another storm Friday could drop an additional 1 to 3 inches on the region and is expected to have a much greater impact on Southern California.
Flyhalf Handre Pollard will have to wait at least one more week before making his return for South Africa after he was ruled not ready to face Argentina in the Springboks' Rugby Championship opener at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Saturday.
PORT ELIZABETH, South Africa: Flyhalf Handre Pollard will have to wait at least one more week before making his return for South Africa after he was ruled not ready to face Argentina in the Springboks' Rugby Championship opener at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on Saturday.
Pollard has been battling an ankle problem since April, having also missed the entire 2016 season through injury, but was included in the squad by coach Allister Coetzee for the visit of Argentina.
Coetzee is thin on specialist flyhalf options, with Elton Jantjies the only experienced number 10 in the squad. Uncapped 20-year-old Curwin Bosch will provide cover.
Coetzee is also sweating over the fitness of tighthead prop Frans Malherbe, who has been complaining of a sore neck since Thursday and is likely to sit out the test, team doctor Konrad von Hagen told reporters on Monday.
Coenie Oosthuizen and Trevor Nyakane are the other options on that side of the scrum against what has traditionally been a powerful Argentine forward pack.
Scrumhalf Ross Cronje has also not yet trained with the squad after he suffered shoulder and chest injuries while playing for the Lions in the Super Rugby final on Aug 5.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Coetzee has experienced cover though in the form of Francois Hougaard and Rudy Paige.
The Boks won all three home tests against France in June, a welcome return to form after losing eight of their 12 tests in 2016, the worst season in the history of the side.
(Reporting By Nick Said; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Bhubaneswar: Ahead of the Independence Day celebrations on Tuesday, security has been tightened across the State, said DGP KB Singh on Sunday.
During the parade in the State capital, 25 platoons of police forces would be deployed and 50 CCTV cameras would keep watch on the proceedings.
Meanwhile, a full-dress parade rehearsal was held at Mahatma Gandhi Marg in the city. All the troupes that would participate in the Independence Day parade joined it. DGP Singh informed that for the first time ITBP, Odisha Swift Action Force, ODRAF contingents have been included in the parade.
“We have been very selective in choosing the participating contingents. Last time, there were 65 contingents, but this year we chose 53 teams to improve quality,” said Singh.
Submitted by Aberdeen Rotary Club The Aberdeen Rotary Club honors students that set themselves apart in their academic, athletic, and community service endeavors. Haley has been a very involved and diligent student while attending Aberdeen High School. Haley has volunteered as a coach and certified partner for Grays Harbor Special Olympics golf team. Haley and her partner placed second in their division […]
The post Haley Farrer: Aberdeen Rotary Student of the Month appeared first on GraysHarborTalk.
Comments
So, our esteemed (or not) prime minister has now “defined” the ultimate in political correctness by having government employees (it'll be us next) “cease and desist” using the terms Mr., Mrs., Ms., father, mother, etc., in their everyday conversations with the public. This could just be the start of it! I wish I could be the proverbial “fly on the wall” in government facilities when the following conversation takes place: “Hey, have you seen IT? I have to talk to IT about it and it has to happen really soon or else it could impact IT, IT and IT. Let me know if you see IT so I can let IT know to keep IT'S mouth shut about political correctness. These ITS at the counter are eying me very suspiciously. Just sayin'.
Bobbie Norman
French President Emmanuel Macron met with his Nigerian counterpart Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday in Abuja before taking off his jacket and tie in Lagos to celebrate African culture.
Macron's high-voltage visit to the Shrine — Afrobeat legend Fela Kuti's music venue — was part of his latest attempt to forge closer ties with English-speaking Africa.
“I'm very happy to be here with you tonight,” said Macron, addressing the cheering and whistling crowd in English.
Macron's jet touched down in Abuja from Mauritania, where he attended the final day of an African Union summit dominated by security issues in the restive Sahel region.
He was met on the tarmac by Nigeria's foreign minister, Geoffrey Onyeama, before the presidential convoy left for Buhari's Aso Rock residence on the edge of the capital.
The 40-year-old former investment banker, who speaks fluent English, spent six months as an intern at the French embassy in the city in the early 2000s.
He told reporters travelling with him: “I like Nigeria a lot. It's an appealing country. I've got a lot of memories… that haven't left me.”
Since coming to power he has made a point of boosting ties with France's former colonies but also improving trade with anglophone countries.
He visited Ghana last year and Nigeria — Africa's economic powerhouse and the continent's leading oil producer — was the next logical step.
Nigeria, a country home to over 180 million people, produces nearly two million barrels of crude oil per day and is a key economic partner for France.
– Security talks –
Macron said en route from Mauritania that “regional security and the fight against Boko Haram” would be high on the agenda in talks with Buhari, calling him a “key player”.
Nine years of violence in the remote northeast has spread across the wider Lake Chad area. As a result, Macron said “the mobilisation of African states is fundamental”.
Nigeria and its French-speaking neighbours Cameroon, Chad and Niger are involved in a joint military force to combat the jihadists, whose violence has killed at least 20,000 people.
Nigeria is also currently gripped by a resurgence of violence between nomadic cattle herders and farmers, which has claimed some 1,000 lives since January this year.
Amnesty International last week said some 1,813 people have been killed in all types of violence since the start of 2018 — more than double that in the last 12 months alone.
That has put former military ruler Buhari, 75, under pressure as he looks towards securing a second term at elections in February next year.
In Nouakchott, Macron held talks with the leaders of the French-backed five-nation military force fighting Al-Qaeda-linked jihadists in the Sahel.
Niger and Chad, where France has a sizeable military presence, are part of the “G5 Sahel” group, which has faced a rise in attacks in recent days.
– Homage at the Shrine –
Late Tuesday, Macron touched down in Lagos and went directly to the Shrine, where he praised Nollywood — Nigeria's massive film industry — and the country's music.
Describing the concert hall as “iconic”, Macron said that “we have to build a new common narrative” in Africa.
“You have to recognise the bad and negative pages of this history, but you have to move forward,” he said to applause.
He launched the African Cultural Season which will take place in France in 2020, at an event showcasing music, fashion and theatre.
The choice of location surprised many Nigerians given its association with the anti-establishment musician.
No elected president is believed to have previously officially visited the spiritual home of the so-called “Black President”, which is more synonymous with marijuana smoke and gyrating dancers than diplomatic niceties.
When asked about life as an intern in Nigeria, Macron was tight-lipped about his past.
“Obviously I will not share all those memories because what happens in the Shrine remains in the Shrine,” Macron said to huge cheers and laughs.
On Wednesday, the president is set to inaugurate the new Alliance Francaise, a cultural centre, and is scheduled to meet young Nigerian entrepreneurs.
CTV London
Thirteen security guards at the Compass Minerals Mine in Goderich are walking the picket line.
The United Steel Workers say employees of ASAP Secured showed up to work Sunday to find out they had been locked out by their employer. Employees and the union had been negotiating a new contract for the past several months.
"It is shocking for an employer to make such a spiteful decision, just days before Christmas," said Marty Warren, USW Ontario Director.
"The workers were given no warning that they were being locked out. The union was informed by the employer after the lockout began," Warren said. CTV contacted ASAP secured for comment Monday afternoon.
They have yet to respond.
Lots of people will be looking for places to take the kids during spring break this week. This week is a good time to check out the Gilcrease Museum's new Norman Rockwell Exhibit.
(Reuters Health) - Addicts regularly use drugs on the streets of San Francisco, and some people there say giving addicts a safe, clean place to shoot up – and clean needles – could help curb overdose deaths and diseases.
But critics object to enabling addicts to shoot illegal drugs in a supervised injection facility in San Francisco – or anywhere in the U.S.
A new cost-benefit analysis in the Journal of Drug Issues makes the financial case for a supervised injection site. A 13-booth facility in San Francisco could save US$3.5 million a year, mostly in reduced medical costs, the report calculates.
The estimate assumes San Francisco would open a center exactly like Insite – North America's first legal supervised drug-injection site built in Vancouver, Canada in 2003. Insite serves an estimated 1,700 people a month.
An injection facility in San Francisco would save the life of one drug user who would otherwise die of an overdose every four years and would assist in getting 110 drug addicts medication-assisted treatment each year, the new study suggests.
In addition, it would prevent an average of 19 cases of hepatitis C and three cases of HIV infection a year and would reduce hospital stays for skin and soft-tissue infections related to needle use by 415 days a year.
“To me, it's really a win-win for everyone,” senior author Alex Kral said in a phone interview. “It's a win for the community to get people off the streets, and it's a win for the people injecting drugs to be sure they can be as safe as possible.”
An epidemiologist, Kral directs the behavioral and urban health program at RTI International, a nonprofit research institute in San Francisco.
Propelled by prescription painkiller and heroin abuse, U.S. deaths from drug overdoses hit a record 47,055 in 2014, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The study authors estimate the U.S. spends more than US$6 billion a year covering the medical expenses of people who inject drugs.
“This is one way to reduce what is one of the biggest sources of mortality in the country,” Kral said.
“We've tried a lot of things in the last 50 years, and none of them have succeeded,” he said. “So why not try an innovative, evidence-based solution that's working in upwards of a dozen countries?”
Since the first supervised injection facility opened in the Swiss city of Berne in 1986, nearly 100 similar facilities have opened in 66 cities across 11 countries. U.S. cities from Seattle to New York have considered installing drug-injection sites, but none have been able to clear the hurdles.
Kral and his team assumed it would cost US$2 million to buy and renovate a site for a supervised injection facility in San Francisco and US$2.6 million a year to operate it. For every dollar spent, US$2.33 would be saved as a result of averted overdose deaths, reduced disease transmission and increased drug treatment, the researchers found.
They expect the savings would be greater in other cities where the number of overdose deaths is higher and real estate and operating costs might be lower. San Francisco already slashed heroin overdose deaths from 120 to 13 a year between 2000 and 2012 largely because of widespread distribution of naloxone, a drug that can prevent overdoses by blocking the effects of opioids.
A supervised injection facility would likely bring more financial and life-saving benefits to a city like Baltimore, which has a higher percentage of needle users dying of heroin overdoses, the authors write.
Susan Sherman is working on a similar cost-benefit analysis for an injection facility in Baltimore. A professor of health, behavior and society at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Sherman was not involved with the current study.
People fear supervised injection sites, she said, because they believe the facilities could draw drug users to their neighborhoods. But the sites would be located in areas where addicts already live.
“We have neighborhoods in Baltimore where heroin is the biggest economy,” she said in a phone interview. “Having a place to go and not being on a dirty street corner is foundational for dignity and respect, which can transfer into other aspects of their lives.”
“Having a safe consumption space somewhere in the U.S. is going to happen,” Sherman said. “It's close to reality in New York, Ithaca and Seattle.”
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2iHEcYp Journal of Drug Issues, online December 13, 2016.
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson believes winger Wilfried Zaha is not a cheat, insisting that the Ivorian did not dive to win two penalties during Saturday's 2-2 Premier League draw with Bournemouth.
REUTERS: Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson believes winger Wilfried Zaha is not a cheat, insisting that the Ivorian did not dive to win two penalties during Saturday's 2-2 Premier League draw with Bournemouth.
After Bournemouth took the lead, midfielder Luka Milivojevic equalised for Palace from the spot before halftime, while striker Christian Benteke failed to convert a potentially match-winning penalty in the 93rd minute.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe questioned both awards after the game but his Palace counterpart maintains that the referee made the right calls, saying Zaha was fouled on each occasion.
"He doesn't dive, that's the simple fact of the matter," Hodgson told reporters.
"Apart from the two penalties awarded there were at least half a dozen other occasions where if you look at it with a fine-toothed comb, like everyone seems to want to do, there could have been more penalties.
"And if you really want to talk about refereeing decisions I suggest you look at the first Jermain Defoe goal, where their player has two arms around our defender, stopping him moving."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The draw left Palace at the bottom of the table, two points behind 17th-placed West Bromwich Albion, as they prepare to host ninth-placed Watford on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
A mudslide killed more than 200 people on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown on Monday, sweeping away homes and leaving residents desperate for news of missing family members.The Red Cross said at least 205 bodies had been taken to the central morgue in Freetown. Police and military personnel were at the scene in the mountain town of Regent searching for people trapped in the debris.Many people living at the foot of Mount Sugar Loaf were asleep when the mountainside collapsed, burying dozens of houses, including two-storey buildings, witnesses said.Standing in the rain, residents sobbed as they mourned family members and waited for news of those missing. Adama Kamara wept as she described a failed attempt to rescue her 7-week-old child."We were inside when we heard the mudslide approaching. I attempted to grab my baby but the mud was too fast. She was covered alive," said Kamara, who escaped with bruises. She said she was not sure what had happened to her husband.A man said he had left early in the morning to buy bread. When he returned, his wife, children, siblings and in-laws were all dead.The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered, Red Cross spokesman Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said.Vice president Victor Foh told Reuters at the scene: “It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble.” He said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.“The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken,” he said. “We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people.”An excavator ploughed away at the mountainside and ambulances rushed back and forth to the city centre with bodies and wounded, but rescue efforts were hampered by bad roads and the weather, a Reuters witness said.Community chief Fatmata Tarawallie said she had started calling for help at 4 am (9:30 am IST) but that it did not come soon enough. "Now our community has sunk," she said.Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning has put residents at risk.
The Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, had a meeting behind closed-doors with the Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi, which lasted 30 minutes at his palace in Kano, Saturday.
Although no immediate information was obtained on what the two men discussed, sources said the meeting might be linked with recent happenings in the country including the Senator Kwankwaso/Governor Ganduje faceoff.
The vice president, who was in Kano to attend his aide Hafiz Ibrahim's marriage ceremony, was treated to a rousing welcome by hundreds of All Progessives Congress, APC, supporters who lined up the streets from the airport to the Emir's palace.
All the major politicians in Kano including two serving senators, Kabiru Gaya and Barau Jibrin, and all the House of Representatives members from Kano were present during the vice president's visit.
Mr. Osinbajo also inspected a bridge project under construction by the Ganduje administration at Katsina road.
He later left Kano at about 3 p.m. for Lagos for another meeting according to his media aide Laolu Akande.
LIEGE: Belgium on Wednesday (May 30) paid emotional tribute to two policewomen and a student shot dead in the eastern city of Liege as investigators probed the gunman's transition from years of petty criminality to "terrorist murder".
Prosecutors confirmed they were treating Tuesday's bloodshed as an act of terrorism, saying the shooter Benjamin Herman was also suspected of another murder the night before.
Advertisement
Across Belgium, flags were flying at half-mast as Prime Minister Charles Michel led a minute's silence in Liege where around 1,000 people had gathered to pay their respects, among them many police officers.
Belgium's national football squad also halted a training session ahead of next month's World Cup to observe a minute's silence for the victims.
As police scrambled to unpick the gunman's motive for the attack, a dramatic account emerged of Tuesday's bloodshed, which began when the 31-year-old attacked two policewomen with a knife.
After repeatedly stabbing the policewomen, he grabbed their weapons and killed them in a modus operandi which has been encouraged online by extremists from the Islamic State group.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The two victims were identified as Lucile Garcia, 53, who had recently become a grandmother, and Soraya Belkacemi, 45, a mother to 13-year-old twins.
He then shot dead a 22-year-old student sitting in a parked car in the city centre before entering a nearby school where he briefly took a female cleaner hostage.
Speaking to the Derniere Heure newspaper, the cleaner, who gave her name only as Darifa, said he had asked her whether she was Muslim and if she was fasting for Ramadan.
When she answered "yes" to both questions, Herman said he would not harm her.
She then urged him to give himself up, telling him: "You shouldn't be here, this is a school, there are children!" after which he burst out for his final confrontation with police.
'TERRORIST MURDER'
Investigators are trying to understand how Herman, a drifter who spent a decade in and out of prison for violence and drug offences, came to carry out such a bloody attack.
"The facts are qualified as terrorist murder and attempted terrorist murder," prosecutors' spokesman Eric Van Der Sypt told a news briefing in Brussels.
He pointed to the fact that "the perpetrator shouted several times 'Allahu akbar'... and information from state security according to which the perpetrator was in touch with radicalised persons."
But he said information about Herman's contacts with extremists dated "from late 2016, early 2017" and had not been confirmed since.
Amateur footage obtained by AFP showed the gunman shouting "Allahu akbar" - "God is greatest" - as he walked through the streets.
In another video, Herman darts out of the school before a short and intense burst of police gunfire, after which he collapses on the ground.
Interior Minister Jan Jambon urged caution over the extremist angle.
"There are signals that there was radicalisation in the prison but did this radicalisation lead to these actions? There, too, we can ask ourselves a lot of questions," he told RTL radio.
GRUESOME HAMMER MURDER
Investigators are paying special attention to the gruesome killing of an alleged heroin dealer linked to Herman who was battered to death with a hammer late Monday in a village near the Luxembourg border.
They found the hammer in Herman's car on Tuesday.
Jambon said police believed he had carried out the killing just hours after getting temporary release from prison on Monday morning.
Liege, a major city in Belgium's blighted industrial rustbelt, was the scene of another bloody shootout in 2011 when another former convict killed six people and wounded more than 120 before turning the gun on himself.
Belgium has been on alert since January 2015 when authorities smashed a terror cell near Liege that was planning an attack on police. That cells had links to Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the mastermind of the November 2015 attacks on Paris that killed 130 people and was claimed by IS.
WWE has confirmed that Dash Wilder of The Revival suffered a broken jaw at Friday's WWE NXT live event in Spartanburg, SC. Below is their announcement:
The Revival's Dash Wilder injured at NXT Live Event
The Revival's Dash Wilder suffered a jaw injury over the weekend during an NXT Live Event, WWE.com has learned. The injury comes in the wake of the two-time NXT Tag Team Champions' huge back-to-back victories over former Raw Tag Team Champions The New Day since their Team Red debut the night after WrestleMania.
“On Friday night, following an in-ring injury to the right side of his jaw, we sent [Wilder] to the ER for a cat scan,” NXT medical personnel Dr. Jeff Westerfield told WWE.com. “The test came back showing a jaw fracture. As a result, he will be getting his jaw wired [Friday at 9 a.m.] and we are looking forward to him being back on the main roster in about eight weeks.”
Despite the prognosis, Dash and his tag team partner Scott Dawson both classified the situation as nothing more than a “minor speed-bump in the legacy of The Revival.”
“Is it frustrating? Of course it is,” Wilder stated to WWE.com “But it's not going to stop The Revival. This is nothing. I've had worse than this and didn't even bat an eye. I'd be out there tonight with my jaw wired shut if they'd let me. We're as tough as we are talented. The last two weeks on Raw were just the beginning for us. We'll be back to take what's ours: those pretty little Raw Tag Team Titles.”
“We're two hard-headed, southern-minded individuals,” added a fired-up Dawson. “If it were up to us, we would be on Monday Night Raw tonight. We will be back and continue to do what we have always done and that's barrel through every tag team. No matter whether it's a jaw, a knee, an ankle or an ice cream cart, we are going to go through ya and make sure we get as much money in our bank account as possible.”
Stay with WWE.com for more on this story as it unfolds.
Actor Channing Tatum says his four-year-old daughter Everly is his "harshest critic".Tatum, 47, believes his superstar status gets failed in front of Everly, who he has with wife Jenna Dewan-Tatum."I've never worked so hard to like, make a girl like me and fail. I was like, 'Please, please, just please love me, please just love me'," Tatum told etonline.com.Tatum said Everly derives joy from seeing her father fail on screen."She likes it when I fall down and hurt myself! She's like, 'Haha, do it again!'. She's my harshest critic, man, but it's the best. It's a really good humbling experience, I can promise you," he added.
BATON ROUGE – The second extraordinary session of 2017 already seems ordinary.
The House took a three-day weekend to cool down following its nasty regular session close Thursday, but still convened in normal fashion Monday, 90 minutes tardy. Members continued to playfully fling rubber bands and foam balls at each other, topping off that with a musical birthday tribute to a colleague when the session convened.
Some lawmakers have expressed concern that the next seven days of the extraordinary session will be no different from the previous 60, even though the process by which the Legislature approves the state operating budget must begin anew.
And it must be done quickly. The deadline for the close of this special session is Monday, and the state agencies have no authorization to spend when the new fiscal year begins on July 1. The House Appropriations Committee heard testimony on essentially the same version of House Bill 1 which left that chamber two weeks ago. The measure, carrying the sponsorship of Appropriations Chairman Cameron Henry, R-Metairie, currently would withhold $206 million from state agencies as a precaution against an unexpected midyear revenue shortfall.
Negotiators from the House had agreed to lower the holdback to $100 million by the end of the regular session. The senators wanted to distribute the entire amount of forecast revenue but instruct state agencies to spend prudently – just in case.
That's where negotiations over 2/10ths of a percent of Louisiana's $29 billion budget ended on last Thursday. When the 6 p.m. deadline arrived, the bill, along with their companion bills House Bills 2 and 3, which prioritized and funded state and local construction projects, died on the legislative vine.
“The budgets have a better chance of passing this time around because they are the entire focus,” said Commissioner of Administration Jay Dardenne, the governor's chief financial officer.
“There are no other bills to hear. Legislators are having to face the possibility of telling the public, ‘I can't do the job you've elected me to do' for another week.”
Gov. John Bel Edwards has called four special sessions since his inauguration in 2016. They cost taxpayers $60,000 per day to run, even when they take off some of the days.
Effects of budget instability go beyond the potential cost of further negotiation.
“Bonds and loans are harder or more expensive to secure because we refuse to live within our means,” Henry said. “We have certain projects we cannot accomplish because banks recognize budget gimmicks and see midyear cuts.”
The current budget also delays payments on $28 million in legal settlements the state has incurred through judgments rendered, $10 million of which accrue interest over time. Henry said there's not enough money to pay them.
That interest will likely build up until the Legislature finds new forms of revenue, which it failed to do this year, or unless it further cuts razor-thin operating margins for state agencies. It won't be able to try again in regular session until 2019 because the Legislature constitutionally is forbidden to take up revenue raising measures in even-numbered years.
“It's my understanding that the governor will call us back into another special session if we don't pass the budget he wants by June 19,” Henry said. “He's setting a precedent for the next session that he'll keep calling us into special session until he gets his way. That's not how you run a democracy, that's more like a dictatorship.”
If the Legislature can't come to a compromise and pass a budget by the beginning of the new fiscal year on July 1, no one is sure what will happen.
“That's something we've been talking about,” Dardenne said. “But I don't know. There's no statutory measure or precedent. We could try to do something on a month-to-month basis where the division of administration and the treasurer's office fund agencies [proportionately]” with the revenue from taxes that will keep arriving with or without an authorizing document to spend it.
Funding agencies by their size or total operating budget does not allow lawmakers to prioritize based on need or value, which is essentially why the budgeting process exists.
“That's just never happened before,” Henry said, acknowledging there's still room for compromise. “We want to pass a responsible budget. We would have liked to do that last Thursday, and we'd like to do it now.”
The special session will be half expired Wednesday. HB 1 is expected to hit the House floor for discussion and passage on that day, then then head to the Senate for its take. By Friday, it could be ready for a committee of three representatives and three senators to come to a compromise over differences.
But the Legislature was in that exact spot a week ago and it ended up in a House meltdown.
To add to the dilemma, there's a hurricane supposedly heading for the Gulf. That would make two storms facing Louisiana.
Matt Houston is a journalism major at the LSU Manship School of Mass Communication from Tyler, Texas.
Jim and Emma had a great first date but then things went a little crazy! Was it Emma's phone or is she completely lying to Jim? (Wait till you hear part 3!!!!)
Salesforce announces $2.2 billion French investment as Macron meets Trump
2018-04-24 17:44 | www.trend.az | 2
U.S. software company Salesforce will invest more than $2.2 billion in its French business over the next five years, it said on Tuesday, in another sign of America Inc's new love affair with France since President Emmanuel Macron's election, Reuters reports.
The investment comes as Macron began a state visit to Washington, becoming the first foreign leader to be given the honor by U.S. President Donald Trump.
“In the context of his state visit to the United States, Salesforce announced to President Macron an investment of more than $2.2 billion in the company's French business over the next five years,” Salesforce said in a statement.
A survey by the American Chamber of Commerce last November showed that the election of Macron, who has pledged reforms to boost the French economy and help businesses, had caused American investors to take a more positive view on France, with many planning to expand.
Salesforce said it was experiencing rapid growth in France and planned to significantly increase its headcount, real estate footprint and data center capacity.
0 Why did free apple cost a woman $500?
ARVADA, Colo. - A Colorado woman is paying the price for forgetting an apple in her bag when flying internationally.
Crystal Tadlock recently was returning to Arvada from Paris when flight attendants on the international flight handed out apples in sealed plastic bags, KDVR reported.
She said she didn't want it at the time, so she tossed it in her bag, intending to eat it on her second flight to Denver, KDVR reported.
When she landed in Minneapolis, she went through U.S. Customs and Border Protection in Minneapolis, where she was supposed to declare fruits, vegetables, plants, flowers, meat, animal products or live animals, the Washington Post reported.
>> Read more trending news
That free apple ended up costing Tadlock $500, a fine for not declaring the fruit and bringing it into the U.S., KDVR reported.
Tadlock says she shouldn't have been fined for a mistake. She's also saying that Delta Air Lines should have told passengers not to take the fruit with them.
She also told KDVR that she asked the agent if she could throw the apple away or eat it. She said the agent said no before handing her the ticket.
Delta officials told The Washington Post that food given during a flight “is given with the intention you consume it on board.”
She told KDVR that she's upset that she got the ticket when the fruit came from Delta and was marked with the Delta logo.
She says she plans to fight the citation in court, KDVR reported.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Local Government Council Chairmen in Edo State have hinted of plans by the National Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) to embark on strike over their unpaid salary arrears.
They gave the hint at a meeting with Deputy Governor, Philip Shaibu and the Commissioner for Local Government and Community Affairs, Jimoh Ijegbai, yesterday.
This was just as the state government announced that it has put modalities in place to clear salary arrears owed them by the immediate past local government administration in the state.
Reacting to the planned strike, Shaibu warned that the state government is ready for any option the workers may take.
“Government is waiting for them; if they want to dialogue with us, we are ready if it's strike, we are equally ready to face them. We are not going to shy away from the fact that they colluded with politicians to create this mess in our councils,” said Shaibu.
Seven, out of the 18 councils, are reportedly indebted to their workers; ranging from six to nine months.
The seven indebted councils are Oredo, Egor, Orhionmwon, Uhunmwonde, Esan west, Esan North East and Etsako West.
At the meeting, Shaibu briefed the Council Chairmen of government's plan.
“Mr. Governor has insisted that the salary backlog must be cleared; I called you to discuss and agree on how this debt will be liquidated”, he said.
Thereafter, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Comrade Ebomhiana Musa, Shaibu listed the salary backlog profile inherited by the councils as follows, Egor (nine months amounting to N400 million), Uhunmwonde (seven months amounting to N172 million), Orhionmwon (six months amounting to N301 million), Esan West (6 months amounting to N280 million), Esan North East (7 months amounting to N36 million) and Etsako west (6 months amounting to N233 million).
The level of Oredo Council indebtedness could not, however, be ascertained at the meeting due to absence of the chairman.
The meeting was said to have adopted a tight and feasible workplan whereby the salary backlog will be liquidated before the end of the year, with each local government having peculiar payment schedule.
COPENHAGEN: The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
"Unified Command determines no existing threat to the port. Terminal will reopen and safety zone has been lifted," the U.S. Coast Guard Southeast said on Twitter.
There were four containers where a threat was posed at the terminal, it said. "These have been scanned and cleared by authorities."
Maersk Line, the world's biggest container shipping company and part of A.P. Moller-Maersk , said in a statement on Thursday the U.S. Coast Guard had informed it of a threat of a "dirty bomb" aboard one of its vessels. It said all crew members were safe and ashore.
(Reporting by Jacob Gronholt-Pedersen and Stine Jacobsen; editing by Jason Neely)
Advertisement
Cruise ship tours: Carnival Cruise Line's Carnival Horizon The brand-new Carnival Horizon made its debut in the Mediterranean before sailing for its new homeports in New York and Miami. 01 / 100 The brand-new Carnival Horizon made its debut in the Mediterranean before sailing for its new homeports in New York and Miami. 01 / 100
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
Carnival Cruise Line is going long in 2019.
The Miami-based cruise giant says it will offer a 24-day sailing from Long Beach, Calif., to Singapore — its longest single departure ever.
Kicking off Oct. 5, 2019, the trans-Pacific voyage on the 3,006-passenger Carnival Splendor will include calls in Guam, Vietnam and Malaysia — all firsts for a Carnival sailing from North America.
The trip also will feature extended port calls at Maui and Honolulu, Hawaii. Among other highlights will be a westward passing of the International Date Line, resulting in the date being turned back by a day.
Splendor will arrive in Singapore on Oct. 30, 2019.
RELATED: Peek inside Carnival's just unveiled Carnival Horizon
Carnival plans at least two other long voyages in 2019: a 13-day Panama Canal sailing and a 14-day trip to Hawaii. The Panama Canal sailing will begin in Tampa and end in Long Beach. The Hawaii voyage will be round-trip out of Long Beach.
Specializing in fun-focused sailings to the Caribbean and The Bahamas, Carnival is best known for shorter trips lasting three days to a week.
USA TODAY Cruises: Early icons of the Carnival fleet
Cruise ship tours: The early icons of the Carnival fleet Long before it grew into the world's largest cruise line with its current fleet of 24 ships, Carnival Cruises sprung from relatively humble beginnings with three former British ocean liners that were converted for cruise service. 01 / 77 Long before it grew into the world's largest cruise line with its current fleet of 24 ships, Carnival Cruises sprung from relatively humble beginnings with three former British ocean liners that were converted for cruise service. 01 / 77
The fleet and home ports of Carnival Cruise Line Carnival Vista St. Thomas 01 / 36 Carnival Vista St. Thomas 01 / 36
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
A 29-year-old chef has died after collapsing in the hottest London Marathon on record, organisers said on Monday.Matt Campbell, who featured in the BBC television show "Masterchef: The Professionals" last year, collapsed on Sunday at the 22.5-mile mark."Although he received immediate medical treatment on the scene from race doctors, he died later in hospital," the statement said.Campbell, from the Lake District in northwest England, was raising money for a youth charity and told his Instagram followers on the morning of the race he was running in honour of his late father.The chef had already run in the Manchester Marathon on April 8.Sunday's 38th London Marathon was the hottest ever recorded at 24.1 degrees Celsius.
OnePlus is among one of the smartphone makers that offer a public beta program to its users. Releasing Open Beta version 13 for the OnePlus 5 and version 11 for the OnePlus 5T today, the company adds a number of new features and optimisations to both phones, but the most notable update is the addition of support for Project Treble.
For the uninitiated, Project Treble was announced ahead of Google I/O 2017 as a modular approach to the Android operating system and a way to speed up the entire process of updating smartphones, which has been painstakingly slow for some major OEMs including Samsung. This, in turn, gives device makers more time to work on software features to make the user experience more enjoyable and polished. In fact, XDA Developers in a report says that Google credits Project Treble as the reason why they were able to achieve a higher number of changes with Android P, as compared to that with Android Oreo.
According to the report, Treble support has been made mandatory by Google for any smartphone manufacturer launching a device with Android Oreo and above but is not a necessity for any device that upgrades to Android Oreo from an earlier version. The inclusion also means that the OnePlus 5 and the OnePlus 5T become the first devices by OnePlus to include support for Project Treble.
Apart from support for Project Treble, OxygenOS Open Beta 13 for the OnePlus 5 and 11 for the 5T also introduces a refreshed icon pack, support for selecting different accent colours, a "New installs" category in the app drawer and a freshly designed weather app apart from bug fixes.
To install the Open Beta on a OnePlus 5, the company requires the user to first flash Open Beta version 12 before flashing version 13. As for OnePlus 5T users, they will require to flash version 10 of the Open Beta before flashing version 11. This will help retain user data. Users can go ahead and download the respective versions here, while users who are already part of the Beta program will receive an OTA update.
The young son of ISIS terror master Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been killed fighting Syrian troops.
On Wednesday, the death cult posted pictures on their social media accounts. The boy — identified as Huthaifa al-Badri — is pictured flaunting an AK-47.
Calling the terror scion an “elite fighter,” ISIS said the dead boy was known as “Inghimasi”.
His father has been reported killed, wounded or missing on numerous occasions but is believed to be alive.
These are desperate days for the crumbling caliphate, pulverized by allied bombs and flushed away by coalition ground troops.
One of the group's last redoubts in eastern Syria is now under heavy bombardment.
Meanwhile, a notorious ISIS executioner who gleefully burned soldiers alive for the group's twisted propaganda has been iced.
But Abu Talha al Turki's were clearly numbered. A $320,000 bounty hung over his head for murdering two Turkish soldiers.
In 2016, the terror thug appeared in a video showing him burning alive the two soldiers who were chained to a stake. The victims had been doused in fuel and al Turki set it ablaze.
The killer's death comes as human rights activists have uncovered mass graves in northeastern Syria. It is an area previously held by ISIS.
Human Rights Watch said thousands of bodies — both of civilian victims brutally slain by the extremists and of IS fighters themselves — remain to be recovered in several mass graves scattered around the city of Raqqa and nearby areas.
According to remnants of clothing on them, some of the bodies already found are thought to be of IS militants.
- Advertisement -
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has declared that the board is still holding talks with more countries for the Super Eagles to play international friendly ahead of the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Speaking yesterday, Eagles media officer, Mr. Toyin Ibitoye, noted that the proposed tune up matches for the Eagles games would be disclosed to the public in due time.
He said that much of the information on the international friendlies in the media remains speculations until the NFF makes the news official.
He said that the NFF was on course to give the Super Eagles the best preparations it deserves for the World Cup.
- Advertisement -
Ibitoye added that the CHAN Eagles currently engaging in the ongoing Super Six pre-season tournament are poised to come out victorious in the championship, stressing that it would assist ascertain their readiness to fly in the 2018 CHAN championship.
“Much of the friendly games that are advertised in the media are still under discussion. NFF is taking its time to seal the various friendlies before making official statement.
“They cannot make any announcement now because any thing can happen along the line.
“The Eagles would be playing quality friendlies before the World Cup and the NFF is not relaxing. CHAN Eagles are also in the right spirit for the Super Six battle in Kano. Other preparations for the team would be made known after the tournament,” he stated.
COMSTOCK TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — Authorities say no one was injured in a fire at a Comstock Township home early Saturday.
The fire broke out at 1:11 a.m. at the home in the 700 block of Benedict Avenue.
Comstock Township Fire Chief Matt Beauchamp said the home was engulfed in flames when crews arrived. There were no hydrants in the area, so water had to be shuttled in.
The homeowner tells 24 Hour News 8 that he woke up to smoke inside the home. He and his dog were able to make it out of the home safely, and he said no one else was inside the home at the time.
Beauchamp said a neighbor reported the fire to authorities.
There were smoke detectors in the home, but the homeowner said he's not sure if they were working.
Beauchamp said the cause of the fire is under investigation.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
When we began our competitive gymnastics journey with my younger daughter, I had no idea what we were in for. That first year was a giant rollercoaster of big ups (she placed third on her team at her first ever competition) and major downs (she placed dead last out of her entire level a few months later).
I worked hard to not project my feelings and emotions onto her, other than to let her know how super duper proud I was of her hard work. I let her lead the way, even when my soul felt crushed by her scores.
It wasn't until she came out of a competition and walked over to me, her head hung low and tears dripping down her cheeks, that I knew we needed to do something. Despite scoring higher than she had in the previous two competitions, she was disappointed to yet again watch another teammate take home the big team trophy.
I reassured her I was proud of her and she was getting better, but those tears broke my heart. I had been able to stay on the sidelines so long as she was happy and excited about competing. When she started feeling down about it, I knew something had to change.
My mind raced with questions: Why were her scores going down? What was it about her performances that earned the lower scores even though she didn't have any falls or big bumbles? Why were her teammates, who she had been on par with at the beginning on the season, passing her by? What could we do to help?
These were the questions I took to one of her coaches, who was very reassuring and confirmed my own suspicions: My extremely bendy girl who can do all the big skills is just too wiggly – the exact reason we enrolled her in gymnastics to begin with. At the lower levels, the big moves don't matter so much. The judges are looking for body control. It's all the in between wiggles that effect the scores.
Throughout the season, I had noticed her little eyes darting from here to there while competing, not paying attention to her task at hand but instead watching what others were doing. I'd see it in practice, too. She'd constantly watch the other girls rather than focusing on her body and routines – and that's when she'd get wiggly.
So, we began working on it. We would head to the backyard regularly and go over her routines. I didn't correct her form. I simply counted her wiggles. She'd get excited when there were only a few and, if she'd wiggled a lot, she'd demand to do it again so she could be better. Sometimes I would even do the routine so she would count my wiggles.
I decided to introduce her to the power of the F-Word and how she could use it to her advantage. I'd tell her before she practiced: “Remember the F-Word!” and she'd giggle or nod confidently. I started giving her little pep-talks before competitions: “Don't forget the F-Word! Picture that big trophy at the end of the beam, in front of you on the floor, on the top bar and at the end of the vault. Don't worry about anything else!” We even had a special signal I could give her through the gym windows from the lobby to signal, “Think about the F-Word!”
The F-Word became a sort of mantra for us to help remind her of one thing:
Focus.
Amazingly, it worked. She started scoring in her team's top three again, even though the team had nearly doubled in size over the course of the season. She achieved all-time high scores and placed in the top tier of her level despite being one of the youngest. I saw her confidence bloom before my eyes. The joy of gymnastics returned to her.
There's no doubt that my daughter's gymnastics journey will continue to have many more ups and downs. I know more tears will streak her face. But I'm happy to know we have found a powerful tool to help propel her forward and keep her from giving up: the F-Word.
In an unusual move, the Calcutta High Court on Tuesday directed the West Bengal State Election Commission (WBSEC) to accept nominations papers sent by nine candidates through WhatsApp.The court's directive came after CPI-ML Red Star leader Sharmishtha Chowdhury filed a petition, alleging that the candidates were not allowed to enter Bhangar in South 24 Parganas to file their nominations.She alleged that the candidates faced stiff resistance because they had raised their voice against the construction of a power grid amid allegations of forcible land acquisition in 2017. They wanted to file their nominations at Polerhat gram panchayat II in Bhangar.“We sent our nominations through WhatsApp to the Block Development Officer (BDO) just to keep a record. Today, the High Court has asked the WBSEC to accept our nominations through WhatsApp. It also asked the WBSEC to submit a report on April 30,” she told News18.Justice Subrata Talukdar directed the state election commission to follow the instruction or the court will stall the entire poll process. The court said that all the nine candidates will be allowed to fight the Panchayat polls.State BJP President Dilip Ghosh while welcoming the Court's decision, said, “This is a historic judgment. Now we will also be able to submit our nominations through WhatsApp.”Congress president Adhir Chowdhury also welcomed the order, saying that it was to protect the democratic rights of the people.“In future, WhatsApp will solve the issue of poll violence during filing of nominations. It will save time and money, and transparency could be maintained through this process,” he said.“I have demanded President's Rule in West Bengal. Without President's rule it is difficult for us to exercise our democratic right. I have requested Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to intervene in to the matter,” he added.The Calcutta High Court also directed the SEC to have a discussion with all parties to ensure peaceful Panchayat Polls. It also asked the poll panel to ensure safety and security arrangements for the local body polls.A single judge bench of Justice Subrata Talukdar asked the SEC to inform a division bench headed by Acting Chief Justice J Bhattacharya on the security arrangements.While dismissing a petition filed by the BJP and the Congress requesting the court to monitor the entire poll process, Justice Talukdar directed the Opposition parties to approach the division bench over the security issues.
Edward L. Armer, 59, of Granite City, died Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, at Gateway Regional Medical Center in Granite City.
Graveside services will be at 1 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 18, at St. Clair Memorial Park Cemetery in Fairview Heights.
Irwin Chapel in Granite City is handling arrangements.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KERLINK SA:
* AWARDED ISO 9001-2015 CERTIFICATE BY LLOYD'S REGISTER QUALITY ASSURANCE (LRQA) FOR ITS IOT NETWORK SOLUTIONS Source text: bit.ly/2GGtFIY Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Rebecca Gayheart‘s troubled sister Rachel was experiencing symptoms of pneumonia just days before her shocking death on Friday, local police exclusively told RadarOnline.com.
“She was having difficulty breathing,” Detective Thomas of the Kentucky State Police told Radar. “She became sick five days after she was incarcerated, and then we transmitted her to the hospital…She died about three or four days later.”
At the time of her struggle, the jailed 38-year-old's cellmate screamed for help.
PHOTOS: Police Spot Mystery Visitors Outside George Michael's Home Days Ahead Of Death
“Jail personnel then alerted the hospital, and they said that she was suffering from pneumonia symptoms,” Detective Thomas added.
Her medical files and treatment have all been subpoenaed as police conduct a thorough investigation.
“At this time her exact cause of death is still under investigation,” the detective added.
Lonnie Brewer, the jail administrator for Perry County jail, previously told Radar that Rachel passed away at Hazard ARH Medical Center Hospital in her native Kentucky.
PHOTOS: Happy Birthday Prince! Stars Celebrate Weeks After His Death
Rachel reportedly had a long history with drugs, and leaned on her 46-year-old famous sister for help in the past.
According to Star magazine, Rachel has been arrested three times for drug-related crimes.
Meanwhile, Rebecca celebrated her birthday over the weekend with her two young daughters.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
Netflix announces Mexican family drama series Monarca, ropes in Salma Hayek as producer
Netflix has greenlit another international series and this time it is a Mexican drama, which will be produced by Salma Hayek. The streaming giant has given a series order to the show titled Monarca.
Actors Irene Azuela and Juan Manuel Bernal will star in the drama about the world of wealthy Mexican elites riddled by corruption, Netflix said in a statement.
The show will be produced by Hayek's company Ventanarosa, along with Lemon Studios and Stearns Castle.
Hayek said, "I'm extremely excited to partner with Netflix, and to be working with amazing Mexican talent in front of and behind the camera. We are proud to show Mexico as a vibrant, sophisticated and culturally rich nation fighting to control its own destiny."
Monarca is described as a high-stakes, multi-generational family saga about a tequila-born Mexican business empire and the battle that ensues when a member of the family decides to fight the dirty system her family helped create.
Created by Diego Gutierrez and the show has been written by Fernando Rovzar, Julia Denis, Ana Sofia Clerici and Sandra Garcia Velten. Michael McDonald from Stearns Castle will serve as a producer.
Gutierrez said the show is "the definition of a passion project" for him. "Having been born and raised in Mexico, I'm humbled to have the opportunity to tell this story with Netflix and the incredibly talented team of people we're assembling, both in the US and Mexico," he added.
Monarca is set to begin production later this year and will launch globally in 2019.
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 17:08 PM
KARACHI - Karachi University Vice Chancellor Professor Dr Muhammad Ajmal Khan has expressed deep sorrow over the demise of Professor and former chairman of International Relations department KU and former president of Karachi University Teachers' Society (KUTS) Dr Shaikh Mutahir Ahmed.
“Dr Mutahir Ahmed was a great teacher having a high character and moral values. He was a brave person and fought with cancer with great courage,” held the VC. Dean faculty of social sciences KU Prof Dr Muhammad Ahmed Qadri also expressed condolences over the sad demise of Dr Mutahir Ahmed and termed him as one of the most favourite teachers of faculty of social sciences.
Dr Mutahir Ahmed served as the Chairman of department of International Relations, President of KUTS and currently was serving as Secretary Affiliation Committee KU. He joined KU in 1995 as Lecturer and in 2005 he was appointed as a Professor.
Dr Mutahir Ahmed's funeral prayers were offered at Jamia Masjid Ibrahim, KU and was attended by a large number of teachers and students including the Vice Chancellor Dr Ajmal Khan, former Vice Chancellors Prof Dr Muhammad Qaiser and Prof Dr Zafar Saeed Saifi, MPA Peoples Party Saeed Ghani, Senator Nehal Hashmi, Prof Dr Akhtar Baloch, President KUTS Dr Shakeel Farooqui and Prsident Arts Council Ahmed Shah. Dr Mutahir Ahmed was laid to rest in KU graveyard.
Football star Cameron Newton, 28, has finally issued a public apology after receiving aggressive backlash for his degrading comment against a female reporter.
As RadarOnline.com has learned, the NFL quarterback – who has two young daughters – claimed in his video apology that he believes in respecting women and did not mean for his comment to be harmful or offensive.
“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” he said on Twitter. “To be honest, that was not my intentions, [sic] and if you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you. I'm a man who tries to be a positive role model in my community and tries to use my platform to inspire others.”
PHOTOS: Inside Alex Rodriguez's Raunchy Past Of Affairs, Sex Secrets & Scandals
Continued the now controversial athlete: “I realize that the joke is really on me… I've learned a valuable lesson from this, and to the young people who see this, I hope that you learn something from this as well. Don't be like me, be better than me.”
Newton's apology comes two days after he managed to offend female sport reporter Jourdan Rodrigue (and the entire Internet) during a post-game interview.
The journalist asked the quarterback a question about the routes being run by Panthers wideout, Devin Funchess, to which he answered: “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes… it's funny.”
Rodrigue later took to Twitter to say she felt “belittled” by the football player's answer, and that he never apologized to her for his insensitive words.
NFL also issued a statement, apologizing for Newton's actions and saying he felt deep remorse. They also assured that his comments did not reflect the ideals of the league.
PHOTOS: Sexts With A Hooker & Underage Girls! Sins Of The Hot Car Dad Exposed
Newton, who was the second highest-paid NFL star in 2017, was set to film an ad with Dannon before the interview went viral. The brand since issued a statement saying they would no longer be working with him.
Stay with Radar for updates.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
Inside the modest white building adjacent to the Silver Spring Jewish Center in Kemp Mill, a group of 15-20 men sit in pairs each night parsing the Gemara — rabbinic commentary on the Talmud.
The room is alive with conversation — a mix of pleasantries, Hebrew and Aramaic phrases from the Gemara, and back-and-forth dialogue in English. The men are animated as they discuss Jewish laws, dissecting the difficult text on such subjects as marriage proposals and kashrut, pulling out other books and turning more pages to delve deeper into the meaning of the commentary.
At half past the hour, a dozen more men flood the room. One dons a tallit before standing in the center of the room, steps from a Torah ark. The hefty books filled with commentary are swapped for siddurim.
This is the moment when Ohr HaTorah Congregation goes from a nighttime kollel — an institute of advanced Talmud study — to synagogue.
The 5-year-old Orthodox congregation celebrated the completion of its building on May 12. Founded by former Yeshiva of Greater Washington students, Ohr HaTorah's goal has been to create a synagogue that replicates the intensive studying found in yeshivot.
The new $1 million, 3,400-square-foot building near the Yeshiva is laid out for maximum efficiency. A small lobby with a bookshelf holds siddurim and has entrances to a social hall and the beit midrash, the study hall. Inside the beit midrash are more bookshelves, a Torah ark, long, narrow tables for studying and a mechitzah, which separates the men from women at prayer. On the opposite side of the building lie a kitchen and the rabbi's office.
“Every single night we have members come after working a full day to sit down with a learning partner,” says Richard Weiss, 30, one of the congregation's founding members. Learning with a partner, or chevruta, is a cornerstone of yeshiva learning.
This is the newest Orthodox shul in the neighborhood.
Ohr HaTorah celebrated its first Shabbat in 2012 in a social hall of a Kemp Mill apartment building, a space congregants would lease for several years.
In 2014, the congregation, then 40 families, could not afford both to construct a new building and to hire a rabbi. The consensus was to hire a rabbi.
The congregation began searching for a spiritual leader; Rabbi Michoel Frank sought the position.
Frank wanted to join a young, growing congregation and Ohr HaTorah wanted a rabbi who would share in their vision of replicating yeshiva-style Torah study.
“A yeshiva has a very specific style — what the prayers are like [and] what the decorum is like,” says Frank, the synagogue's mara d'asra — the congregation's decision maker on issues of Jewish law. “People will expect that there won't be any talking during prayer time and they expect a certain pace in the prayer.”
That pace is a fast one. Back at the beit midrash, the congregation begins ma'ariv, the evening service. Most of the men chant audibly, swaying back and forth as they move swiftly through the service.
At the end of 2015, the congregation began renting space in the Kemp Mill Shopping Center. The congregation broke ground at their new location in May 2016 after buying the land from Rabbi Herzel Kranz of Silver Spring Jewish Center for $250,000.
The congregation raised funds for the building from members' pledges, fundraising and a mortgage, said Weiss.
The building's completion comes during a time of growth in Kemp Mill's Orthodox community, says Weiss, a native of Montgomery County. He attributes the congregation's doubling in size to 80 families from 2014 to 2016 to similar growth in the greater Kemp Mill community, Frank's spiritual leadership and the congregation's close-knit nature.
“Everybody knows everybody,” says Weiss. “When someone has a baby the entire community signs up to deliver dinner each night for weeks. When someone is sick the same thing happens.”
Most of the congregants are between the ages of 25 and 40. After they received high school diplomas from the Yeshiva, many stayed for Yeshiva Gedolah, earning a bachelor's degree in Talmudic law through that program. Most of them then pursued professional degrees in secular fields such as law, accounting or medicine.
Adam Sragg, 27, who joined the congregation with his wife last year, thinks going from studying in a yeshiva to balancing the demands of work and family life can be a difficult transition for many yeshiva alumni. The balance that Ohr HaTorah strikes helps ease that transition.
“That's why Ohr HaTorah itself [has] such a strong core of Yeshiva alumni,” Sragg, a nurse by profession, says. “They wanted to maintain their connection with the values and Torah study that the Yeshiva provided for them.”
The most contentious debate of the congregation has little to do with Talmud, Weiss says. Which is a more delicious Shabbos meal: cholent — a slowly simmered beef stew — or herring?
jkatz@midatlanticmedia.com
A Rivers State High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has declared the ward, local government and the state congresses of the Rivers State chapter of the Progressives Congress (APC) held on the May 19, 20 and 21 respectively null and void.
Some aggrieved members of the APC loyal to Senator Magnus Abe had approached the court for succour on the allegation that they were shut out of the ward congress of the party in the state on May 5 and sought an injunction restraining the party from going on with the congresses until their grievances were addressed.
On the resumed sitting of the court on May 11 when the court was to rule on the issue of injunction, youths suspected to be members of the party, with the assistance of the police, invaded and sealed the gates of the state High Court Complex in a bid to stop the court from sitting.
However, when the court was re-opened later that day, the presiding judge, Justice Chiwendu Nwogu, issued an interlocutory injunction stopping the party from using the outcome of the congress on May 5 to hold the local government congress of the party on the May 12 and adjourned till May 29th.
But the party went on with the local government congresses on May 12, insisting that it has not received any court order stopping it from going on with the exercise and that no injunction could stop the congresses as it was a process that had long begun.
However, the national leadership of the APC on May 18, announced the cancellation of the ward and local government congresses conducted in the state on the earlier dates.
In a memo signed by the national chairman of the party, John Odigie-Oyegun, the party directed that the ward, local government and state congresses of the party in the state should hold on May 19, 20 and 21 respectively.
Following the directive of the national leadership of the party, the state APC held the congresses in which Hon. Ojukaye Flag-Amachree was elected through consensus as the new chairman of the party in the state.
Members of the party loyal to Senator Abe boycotted all the congresses.
At the resumed sitting of the court Wednesday, counsel for the aggrieved members of APC, Henry Bello, told the court that he had been duly served the motion on notice, adding that there was nothing to show that the person who served him was not counsel for the party.
But, Tuduru Edeh, who told the court that he has the mandate of the APC to represent them in court, insisted that Chieme Chiweikpe, who has been standing for the political party, had no authority to represent the party, having been suspended from office as legal adviser of the party since last year.
Edeh also told the court that the defence had not been served and that an appeal has been entered on the matter, urging the court to step down the matter till the appeal is heard.
After listening to the arguments, the presiding judge, Justice Chiwendu Nwogu, said there was no evidence to prove that appeal has been entered, adding that even the court registrar could not also confirm the development.
Nwogu in his ruling, stated that the cancellation of the result of the APC congress held in the state on May 5 and 12, and rescheduling the same congresses for May 19, 20 and was to make the matter academic.
He ruled that it was wrong for the APC to go against the order of the court, noting that the political party had earlier attempted to lock the gate of the court in order to stifle justice.
He stated that the attitude of the APC holding the same congresses barred by the court on a later date was contempt, stressing that it was targeted at arm-twisting the judiciary.
Nwogu described the congresses of the APC in the state in the face of the order as an act of disobedience, noting that the conducts of Tuduru Edeh, who had come to take over the matter, was unprofessional.
He said he was satisfied with the reports of the court which shows that all the parties in the matter had been duly served, noting that no record could prove that the matter has been entered for appeal.
Nwogu also said the order of the court meant that the parties should maintain the status quo and not to renew dates or events, adding that the attitude of APC amounts to contempt.
“The order was made to maintain status quo and not to renew dates or the events. The attempt of cancelling the earlier congress and holding same on later date is to frustrate this suit and make the matter an academic exercise.
“It is a way to declare the judiciary moribund. I hereby annul the congresses of the APC held on the 19th, 20th and 21st. I declare it as null and void and also stop them from holding any other congress in the state pending the outcome of the suit,” Nwogu held.
He stated that the ruling was to restore the status quo of the parties in the suit and adjourned till June 26 for hearing of the originating summons.
But in its reaction, the state chapter of the APC insisted that the congresses that produced the new executive of the party was not before any court.
The newly-elected chairman, Flag-Amachree, in a statement issued in Port Harcourt Wednesday, insisted that the APC ward, local government and state congresses that took place May 19, 20 and 21 respectively which saw to his emergence as the state chairman were not a subject of any court action.
“The reported annulment must be connected to the matter relating to the disputed May 5 and 12 Ward and local government APC congresses of which our lawyers have actively been pursuing. As far as we are concerned, we were not served any fresh cause of action against the May 19, 20 and 21 congresses. It is unthinkable and unimaginable because no such linkage exists,” he stated.
He said it was absurd for anyone to talk about the new set of congresses even when the party's counsel had filed a notice of preliminary objection against the jurisdiction of the court and the notice of appeal to that effect brought to the notice of the court over the May 5 and 12 congresses that the national leadership of APC eventually cancelled.
“We believe that the court knows that it is its duty to determine the matter of preliminary objections and other motions filed by APC counsel before it can question subsequent congresses or actions of the party. At this moment, there is no court action and/or order on the state Exco or all those that emerged at different levels of the party on May 19, 20 and 21 congresses,” he said.
The Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Edo says it has arrested no fewer than 24 crime suspects in the state, in the past two weeks.
Makinde Ayinla, State Commandant of the Corps, made the disclosure in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday in Benin.
He said that in view of the recent upsurge of crimes and criminality within the state, the command had intensified its efforts and strategies which had yielded positive results with the arrests.
He said that out of the figure, nine were suspected herdsmen, arrested by an officer of the command, in collaboration with the local vigilance group, in Akoko-Edo Local Government Area of the state.
He said that the suspects were arrested while in possession of three single barrel guns and other dangerous weapons at Oloma and Okpe villages in the locality.
The commandant, however, said that the suspects had been handed over to the relevant authorities.
He said that two suspects were also arrested while in possession of suspected illegally-refined product (DPK), being conveyed to an unknown destination in 50 25-litre containers.
He noted that two suspects were arrested in connection with alleged robbery; five for suspected cultism; and six for the vandalism of public power supply cables.
Mr. Ayinla said investigation was ongoing and when completed, the suspects would either be handed to the relevant authorities or be prosecuted.
0 Trump presidency countdown clock on Seattle home goes viral
SEATTLE - A house in Washington state is getting attention for a controversial sign posted outside.
It shows a countdown to the end of the first term for Donald Trump's presidency.
KIRO-TV found out it was the former owner of the home in Seattle's Leschi neighborhood who made the countdown clock shortly after Trump's inauguration.
He even made an Instagram account, where he's gotten support and criticism for his piece of political expression.
That house was recently sold to Lily Onnen and her husband.
She said it was in the contract for the couple to maintain the sign, and they are happy to do so.
“It's a message of hope,” Onnen said. “For me the more the number shrinks, the more hopeful I get."
Zawdie Terry, who lives next door, said he finds the sign amusing and not something that people would find offensive.
>> Read more trending news
“Even if you support the current president, it's just a countdown,” Terry said.
Onnen and her husband will continue flipping the numbers on the sign every day, and they are even prepared for a potential second term.
“We would reset the clock. We would start all over,” Onnen said.
The former owner of the house has moved to the Magnolia neighborhood and said he has already put up a similar countdown clock at his new home.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
SINGAPORE: Singapore has joined a search-and-rescue operation to find two Malaysian anglers who went missing after their boat sank near Pedra Branca on Sunday (Dec 10).
Tan Soon Heng, 35, and Chan Chong Kuok, 51, who are from Johor Baru, disappeared after their boat reportedly sank about 500 metres from Middle Rocks, which is near Pedra Branca.
They were spotted by the Abu Bakar Maritime Base clinging onto their boat that capsized at 4.20pm on Sunday, said the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency's (Southern Region) deputy director of operations, Sanifah Yusof.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA) patrol boat was deployed immediately, but the boat had already sunk and the two men were missing, added Sanifah.
The operation resumed on Monday with personnel from the MMEA, Malaysia's Marine Police and Royal Malaysian Army.
Singapore's Defence Minister Dr Ng Eng said in a Facebook post on Monday that the Singapore Navy was sent to help on Sunday evening, with the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore coordinating the rescue mission.
Indonesian authorities have also joined in the search.
"Ships and helicopters from various agencies are involved," Dr Ng said.
Republic of Singapore Navy servicemen joined the search from Sunday evening, and the Republic of Singapore Air Force sent helicopters on Monday. (Photo: Facebook / Ng Eng Hen)
The RSS Sovereignty is among one of Singapore's assets that have been deployed and navy personnel are stationed on Pedra Branca to monitor the waters.
The Republic of Singapore Air Force joined the rescue mission on Monday morning.
A Singapore Police Coast Guard craft taking part in the search, together with a Royal Malaysian Navy's Handalan-class vessel and an Indonesian Navy's Sibarau-class vessel. (Photo: Facebook / Ng Eng Hen)
Dr Ng commended the joint effort by Singapore, Malaysian and Indonesian authorities, calling it a "good working relationship".
"I'm glad that such close coordination occurs when lives are at stake. I hope we find the two men," said Dr Ng in his post.
LAHORE - Several PIA's domestic and international flights were cancelled from and to Allama Iqbal International Airport on Wednesday owning to passengers' load. The flights cancelled included PK-709 and PK-710 operating between Lahore-Manchester-Lahore, PK-751 and 752, Oslo-Lahore-Oslo, and PK-743 coming from Barcelona, PK-263 and 264 Lahore-Abu Dhabi-Lahore.
Among domestic flights were Karachi-Lahore PK-315, Islamabad to Lahore, PK-653 Lahore-Karachi-Lahore, PK-304 and 305, Quetta-Lahore-Quetta, and PK-322 and 323.
Apart from PIA, flights of other private airlines including Serene air, Shaheen air and Air Blue were also cancelled.
Due to cancellation of their flights, passengers had to face problems. Huge rush was witnessed at Lahore airport
OUR STAFF REPORTER
German magazine Wirtschaftswoche reported on Thursday that U.S. President Trump told French President Emmanuel Macron last month he would block German luxury carmakers from the U.S. market.
BERLIN: German magazine Wirtschaftswoche reported on Thursday that U.S. President Trump told French President Emmanuel Macron last month he would block German luxury carmakers from the U.S. market.
Citing several unnamed European and U.S. diplomats, the magazine reported that Trump told Macron in April he would stick to his trade policy so with the aim of preventing Mercedes-Benz models from rolling down Fifth Avenue in New York.
Advertisement
Earlier this month, the Trump administration opened a trade investigation into whether vehicle imports had damaged the U.S. auto industry. That could lead to tariffs of up to 25 percent on the same "national security" grounds used to impose U.S. steel and aluminum duties in March.
Imposing such a tariff would destroy the business case for German carmakers to import into the United States, and cause a burden of 4.5 billion euros for German premium manufacturers, analysts at Evercore ISI said in a note last week.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Edward Taylor)
General Motors Co Chief Executive Mary Barra said on Monday that if Congress decides to eliminate an electric vehicle tax credit it "will have an impact" on sales of electric vehicles such as GM's Chevrolet Bolt.
DETROIT: General Motors Co Chief Executive Mary Barra said on Monday that if Congress decides to eliminate an electric vehicle tax credit it "will have an impact" on sales of electric vehicles such as GM's Chevrolet Bolt.
The House version of a bill that would cut corporate tax rates calls for eliminating a tax credit of up to US$7,500 for purchasers of electric vehicles. Auto industry and environmental groups are lobbying to save the credit as House and Senate move to merge their versions of the tax overhaul legislation.
(Reporting By Joseph White; Editing by Susan Thomas)
Civil servants across Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) have expressed concern over sudden change in September deadline for the implementation of new minimum wage given by the Federal Government.
Some of the Civil servants, who spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Wednesday in Abuja, said it would amount to double standard on the part of the government if it reneged on the September deadline.
Sen. Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment, had on May 29, said that the new national minimum wage may not materialise in September as earlier envisaged.
Ngige said that the September date was just a date to conclude negotiation on the issue of minimum wage, saying that the committee was making steady progress on its assignment.
According to him, the committee on the new National Minimum wage is expected to conclude its work by the end of September and present its report to the government for deliberation and approval before an executive bill is sent to the National Assembly on the issue.
Mrs Alice Akinbiyi, a civil servant, said that the Federal Government should endeavour to honour the earlier date scheduled for the take off of the new minimum wage.
She said that the price of goods and services in the country had made it imperative for the implementation, adding that things were beginning to get out of the reach of an average civil servant.
Akinbiyi called on the Federal Government to speed up the process of implementation ahead of September and tighten every loose end that could frustrate the scheduled date.
Malam Ibrahim Musa, also a civil servant, said he was devastated when he heard the news that the September earlier promised by the Federal Government for the implementation may not be feasible again.
He said he was always calculating with the hope that the new minimum wage would be a respite to him.
He called on the Federal Government not to relent in its effort to meet the September deadline.
Miss Dorothy Williams, said that she had no doubt that the Federal Government would keep its promise, adding that the Federal Government would not make an empty promise.
She expressed her disappointed should the Federal Government fail to keep its words.
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo had earlier made a promise at the 2018 May Day celebration that the Federal Government would expedite action to ensure that a new minimum wage is ready by the third quarter of the year.
Osinbajo noted that the tripartite committee, comprising government, labour, and the private sector, would expedite its assignment, to enable the Federal Government to present an executive bill on a new national minimum wage to the National Assembly for passage into law, as soon as possible.
The President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Ayuba Wabba, also at the May Day Lecture, said the union would not allow the Tripartite Committee for National Minimum Wage to alter the September timeline for the implementation of new minimum wage.
This was sequel to the Federal Government's promise that the implementation of the new national minimum wage for workers would take effect from the third quarter.
The Federal Government is set to launch the Abuja Rail Mass Transit project later this month.
The project, which is the first light rail system in West Africa, was flagged-off by former President Olusegun Obasanjo in 2007 in an attempt to host the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
The Government had earlier disclosed that tracks, as well as 12 stations of the first phase of the projects, were already completed while procurement of rolling stock (wagons, etc) was ongoing.
Tolu Ogunlesi, the special assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on digital media, disclosed that the trial phase took place today, ahead of the launch which has been scheduled to hold later this month.
“Today we tour #AbujaMetro, ahead of the launch. The first light rail system in West Africa. Phase 1 completed; 2 Lines, Yellow and Blue, with Connections to Abuja Airport and the National Rail Line,” Ogunlesi tweeted.
“Took us about 20 minutes from Abuja Metro Station direct to Idu, where the #AbujaMetro connects to the National Rail Service (Lagos-Kano/Abuja-Kaduna). There are a couple of stations in between that we didn't stop at, so the ideal journey will take slightly longer.”
The project would connect the city centre to Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport and would offer a light rail transport system that would ease transport challenges in the city.
Former President Olusegun Obasanjo initiated the project with an official groundbreaking ceremony in May 2007 in order to host Commonwealth Games in 2014. But lack of funds for the project delayed its completion.
Making good on a campaign promise, British Columbia's NDP government said today that the “trophy” hunting of grizzly bears will be banned province-wide — although hunting them for meat will still be permitted.
Minister Of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations And Rural Development Doug Donaldson said in a media release that effective Thursday November 30, BC “will end grizzly bear trophy hunting throughout the province and stop all hunting of grizzlies in the Great Bear Rainforest.”
Each year, about 250 of the province's 15,000 grizzly bears are killed by hunters. Donaldson says that this fall, the government will be talking with First Nations and other groups to determine what steps will be taken next, as the province approaches the end of the hunt. The government will also be looking at an expanded consultation process for an updated wildlife management system. “The key elements of that strategy will include dedicated funding for wildlife and habitat conservation and a collaborative process in developing short and long-term plans for wildlife resources,” he said.
Love, Dr. Scott James
Subscribe to Scott's Now posts via RSS
Report A Typo
By Adam Greshin, Commissioner of Finance & Management
Governor Scott believes we can make our education system the very best in the country, if we have the courage to rethink the current system, which is diverting valuable budget dollars away from kids and increasing the tax burden at an unsustainable rate.
The K-12 system was built to educate more than 100,000 kids. Today, we're educating about 76,000. For 20 years, we've been serving, on average, three fewer students every day. Our student-to-staff ratio has decreased from about seven kids for every one adult to four to one. And, property tax rates have increased almost every year.
These trends create inefficiencies that divert millions of dollars away from our kids, expand the inequality between schools and make Vermont less affordable. And they will continue, unless we act to reverse them.
That's why the Governor proposed a multi-year solution that uses bipartisan ideas – some already passed by the Legislature. The plan generates hundreds of millions of dollars in savings over the next five years, which would be invested in holding statewide tax rates level and in more and better childcare, technical education, K-12 programs and higher ed – creating a “cradle to career” system that's the best in the country. This is the type of education system we need to attract working families and strengthen our economy.
I'm proud to serve on the team of policy experts and data analysts who developed this plan. We understand people have questions and are hearing misinformation. So, we want to set the record straight.
First, this plan fully funds the school budgets approved by voters and does not add costs or remove revenue from the Education Fund. In fact, it calls for an additional investment of surplus funds to prevent an increase in statewide property tax rates. Local school boards have done their part. Now the state must do its part to prevent unnecessary rate increases in a year when we have a $55 million surplus.
Second, using retirements and other natural attrition, we propose to help schools incrementally increase student-to-staff ratios over five years, beginning in 2020. At the end of this transition, Vermont will still have the lowest ratio in the country (about five students to every adult). We can do this without a mandate or layoffs.
Third, a statewide healthcare contract for school employees would be beneficial for employees and taxpayers. The patchwork of locally negotiated healthcare arrangements has driven up premium costs and created major problems in administering the plans. The teachers' union previously insisted on these locally negotiated arrangements, but we're encouraged they now recognize a statewide framework is a more responsible path forward.
Fourth, we cannot continue to ignore growing inequity in our system. Currently there is a concerning disparity in per pupil spending between districts, and the mechanics of the Education Fund mean low spending districts are subsidizing high spending districts. The plan mitigates this by lowering existing Excess Spending Thresholds (EST) over five years. This will encourage high spenders to slow growth or require them to pay a little more in their local tax rate to avoid shifting their costs to other districts.
Smart and incremental modernization of our education system will achieve nearly $300 million in savings that can be reinvested in educational opportunities. Overall, this plan gives the state the opportunity to manage the largest expenditure in state government and implements the kind of long-term planning rating agencies seek when evaluating our fiscal management practices.
Fortunately, with $55 million in surplus revenue, we can easily come to an agreement that provides some relief to tax payers and improves an education system that has the capacity to be the very best. And, as Governor Scott points out, having the best education system in the country would be the best economic development tool we could have.
Mumbai: Scores of agitated students demanding jobs in railways on Tuesday blocked rail traffic, including suburban services between Matunga and Dadar stations, causing difficulties to lakhs of commuters, a Central Railway official said.
#Mumbai: Railway traffic affected due to student agitation between Matunga & Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus railway station, the agitators are demanding jobs in railways. Police has reached the spot. pic.twitter.com/rlFp1K4tBz — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
The students blocked the rail track at 7 am in the morning, forcing railway to stop the suburban as well as express trains in the affected section between Matunga and CSMT.
Entire four lines are affected between Matunga and CSMT. Police and railway official are having talks with them, the official said.
"There has been no recruitment since last four years. We are struggling from pillars to post. Over 10 students have committed suicide. We cannot let such things happen," a student, who was part of the protest, said.
"We will not budge from here until and unless Railway Minister Piyush Goyal come and meet us. Our several prayers made to DRM (Divisional Railway Manager of Mumbai Division) have failed," another student said.
"Mumbai police along with GRP and RPF jawans are having talks with the students and railway's first priority was to clear the track first," Chief PRO of Central Railway Sunil Udasi said.
Students shouting slogans against railways held placard in their hands demanding one time settlement from GM quota and said that they demand jobs from government.
Salman Khan speaks about the death of Bollywood veterans Vinod Khanna and Shashi Kapoor
Bollywood actor Salman Khan, who was here with other actors - Sonakshi Sinha, Prabhu Deva and Kriti Sanon - for Dabangg-The Tour, says he never thought veteran actors like Vinod Khanna and Shashi Kapoor will " ever leave us alone".
In the light of Dabangg 3 releasing in March next year, which had Vinod Khanna essaying the role of his father in the earlier installments of Dabangg, his passing away this year and Shashi Kapoor breathing his last earlier this week, Salman expressed his sadness on Saturday at a press conference.
Salman said, "It is really sad... When Vinod Khanna sir's health became bad and we lost him... It is a great loss to the film industry and to his family, and now Shashi uncle too is gone. Which is really sad... We never thought that the heroes we worshiped could ever leave us alone."
"But still when we see their films and photographs... they are still there between us and I believe they are immortal. I still can't fathom the fact that VK sir is gone. I believe he is still there amongst us," Khan said.
Speaking on the challenges the tour — which has till now traveled to foreign shores like Auckland, London, Australia and Hong Kong — faced as it has a number of Bollywood stars on board, Khan says it's the task of "organizing the dates from everyone" which is "a huge challenge".
"Everyone is really busy so, bringing everyone together on a particular date is a huge task. Also, no matter how successful you are, there is still this fear that of making the auditorium this full and bringing the stadium to be packed," he said.
The press conference was attended by the organizers of the tour including Sohail Khan and other actors like Manish Paul, Daisy Shah and music composers-singers Meet Bros. Asked why the tour first traveled on foreign shores and then become home-bound, Sohail said, "We create the package and it is all according to the promoter. So, we got an immediate reaction from Hong Kong. So as we keep on getting inquiries... For this particular show, the production is very huge."
"The good thing about this show is that it is a two hour forty-five minute long show and it is all back to back with great performances. It has so many artistes and we have a huge library of songs. We have accommodated all that into a three hour package. The finale is breathtaking. The sound, lights... a show of this magnitude has never happened before," he added.
After Delhi, the tour will travel to 16 cities which are yet to be announced. The extravaganza took place at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here on Sunday. The show was directed and scripted by Sohail Khan. The tour's last stop was in Auckland where Akshay Kumar joined Salman Khan and Sonakshi Sinha for the grand event.
The Bills dealt one of the most potential-packed receivers of the last decade, and in part of their hefty return package received the productive Jordan Matthews from Philadelphia.
Unfortunately, the Bills may have to wait a while before seeing him on the field.
Matthews sustained a "chip fracture" in his sternum during his first practice with the club, according to an official announcement made by the Bills on Monday.
Injury Update: Jordan Mathews has a chip fracture in his sternum and will be listed as week to week. #BillsCamp pic.twitter.com/GDuqXm2sHG â Buffalo Bills (@buffalobills) August 14, 2017
This obviously isn't the way Buffalo hoped the Matthews era would get going. After removing Sammy Watkins from the equation, Tyrod Taylor now has to operate with rookie Zay Jones, veteran Anquan Boldin and a slew of wideouts competing for playing time behind them. Matthews will have to learn the offense from the sideline.
This was never going to be a high-flying attack in Buffalo this year. Clearly, the Bills are setting up the chess board for 2018 and beyond, but in the meantime are certainly putting plenty of pressure on Taylor to be the best quarterback he can be.
Here is the other injury news we are tracking on Monday:
1. Jaguars wideout Marqise Lee suffered a high-ankle sprain this past weekend at practice, a source informed told NFL Network Ian Rapoport. Rapoport added that the USC product will try to come back for the season opener, but caution from the team could push his return date back.
Rookie running back Leonard Fournette was held out of practice again on Monday. Fournette is dealing with a nagging foot injury and coach Doug Marrone said Sunday the team is exercising caution and not rushing a return.
2. Falcons coach Dan Quinn told reporters Monday that tailback Devonta Freeman is in concussion protocol and has been ruled out for Sunday's preseason game against the Steelers.
More lives lost in holiday crashes this Memorial Day weekend than in 2017
Preliminary reports indicate 15 people lost their lives in 11 separate traffic crashes during the 2018 Memorial Day holiday weekend, Michigan State Police reports. In comparison, 10 people were killed in 10 traffic crashes during the 2017 Memorial Day holiday weekend.
Of the 11 deadly crashes, restraints were not used in one and unknown in four, alcohol use was a known factor in two of the crashes, one victim was a pedestrian and five of the fatal crashes involved motorcycles. In those five crashes, a helmet were worn in two and it is unknown if a helmet was used in three.
“These numbers are preliminary and only reflect those fatalities reported to the Michigan State Police as of 10:30 a.m., Tuesday, May 29,” Spl/F/Lt. Jim Flegel, MSP traffic safety specialist, said in a media release. “We continue to urge motorists to always use proper restraints and to make responsible driving decisions. Never operate a vehicle while impaired on alcohol or drugs and avoid all distractions.”
The 2018 Memorial Day holiday weekend ran from 6 p.m. on Friday through 11:59 p.m. on Monday.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
6 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Seven-times champion Serena Williams moved up a gear at Wimbledon to beat Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova 6-1 6-4 on Wednesday and reach the third round.
LONDON: Seven-times champion Serena Williams moved up a gear at Wimbledon to beat Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova 6-1 6-4 on Wednesday and reach the third round.
The 36-year-old American barely broke sweat in a one-sided first set but was tested by the world number 135 in the second without ever looking troubled.
Advertisement
While the Centre Court crowd clearly appreciated the sight of Williams in full flow they took a shine to the plucky Tomova who battled hard to make a match of it.
Even ultimate warrior Williams applauded a couple of her opponent's winners late in the second set before completing victory in 66 minutes.
The 25th seed will face the winner of the match that followed her on Centre Court between Germany's Tatjana Maria and France's Kristina Mladenovic.
"It was better than my first round and I'm happy that I'm going in the right direction," Williams, who took her winning streak at Wimbledon to 16 matches, said on court.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Ed Osmond)
Gary Sinise Star to be Unveiled on Hollywood Walk of Fame
A star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame honoring “Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders” star Gary Sinise for his Emmy-winning television career will be unveiled Monday.
U.S. Air Force Gen. Robin Rand, commander of the Global Strike Command, and Walk of Fame honorees Patricia Heaton and Joe Mantegna are set to precede Sinise in speaking at the 11:30 a.m. ceremony in front of The Supply Sergeant store on Hollywood Boulevard.
Sinise's star will be the 2,606th since the completion of the Walk of Fame in 1961 with the first 1,558 stars. The ceremony will be livestreamed on walkoffame.com.
Sinise's best-known television role was starring as New York Police Department Detective Mac Taylor in the 2004-13 CBS police procedural “CSI: NY.”
Sinise received two Emmy nominations, both for portrayals of elected officials. He received the Emmy for outstanding lead actor in a miniseries or movie in 1998 for TNT's “George Wallace,” two years after being nominated in the category for HBO's “Truman.”
Sinise's other television credits include the 1994 ABC miniseries “The Stand”; the 1989 and 2003 “Hallmark Hall of Fame” productions “My Name is Bill W.” and “Fallen Angel”; and Showtime's 1999 adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-winning play “That Championship Season.”
Sinise received the best supporting actor Oscar nomination in 1995 for his portrayal of Army platoon leader Lt. Dan Taylor in “Forrest Gump.” Sinise later appeared in two other films with “Forrest Gump” star Tom Hanks, “Apollo 13” and “The Green Mile.”
Sinise's other film credits include “Ransom”; “Snake Eyes”; “The Forgotten”; “The Human Stain”; “Imposter”; “It's the Rage”; “Reindeer Games”; “Mission to Mars”; “A Midnight Clear”; “Jack the Bear”; “The Quick and the Dead”; “The Big Bounce” and “Albino Alligator.”
Sinise was born March 17, 1955 in the Chicago suburb of Blue Island, Illinois.
Sinise's acting career began on the stage when he was 18 and co-founded the famed Steppenwolf Theatre Company of Chicago with friends Jeff Perry, now a cast member on the ABC drama “Scandal,” and Terry Kinney, whose career as an actor and director includes a Tony nomination in 1990 for best featured actor in a play for “The Grapes of Wrath” in which Sinise starred and also received a Tony nomination for best featured actor in a play.
Sinise was the company's artistic director for seven years and has starred in more than a dozen of its productions including the 2001 revival of “One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,” which brought him the best actor in a play Tony nomination under Kinney's direction.
I must admit I have some sneaking sympathy for the no-condom ads policy between 6 am and 10 pm.
It's probably because I still remember those CopperT ads from Doordarshan days. We would be watching some harmless family entertainment on television. And suddenly without warning a public service announcement for CopperT would pop up on television, right there in our living room. An awkward silence would descend as we pointedly ignored the television. I didn't quite understand what the CopperT did exactly and how it did it but I knew that it was better not to ask either. 'Hum Do, Hamare Do' was the extent of our comfort level when it came to talking about birds and bees at home.
But times have changed. That was pre-Sunny Leone India. 'Nirodh India' has given way to 'Kama Sutra India'. Now in the middle of a Bengali newscast, we see ads for something called "Japani tel" or Japanese oil, a "natural" remedy for stronger, harder male power. And if you missed the point, a cobra suddenly stands upright, hood potently flared and sways suggestively. Then it's back to the news about the latest statement by Mamata Banerjee. Admittedly, a bit off-putting in the middle of afternoon tea.
Now the government has come to our aid. The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting has swung into action because Rule 7 (7) of the Cable Television Network Rules says “no advertisement which endangers the safety of children or create in them any interest in unhealthy practices or shows them begging or in an undignified or indecent manner shall be carried in the cable service". Furthermore, the Cable Television Network Rules 1994 says "indecent, vulgar, suggestive, repulsive or offensive themes or treatment shall be avoided in all advertisements".
Unfortunately, by reminding us of these rules, the ministry has also exposed its own blinkered view of the world. If “suggestive” is a problem, that famous Liril girl should never have come out of the water. If “offensive” is an issue, we should get all those skin whitening ads off television pronto. And for that matter, a slew of other ads where gender stereotypes are sledgehammered home in 30 seconds or less.
Of course, if more condoms were used, fewer pregnancies would happen, but that's presumably not how the ministry is interpreting advertisements that endanger the safety of children. And if we were so concerned about “unhealthy practices”, we should spend a lot more attention on those ads for potato chips and colas than on condoms.
The touchy issue is of course indecency. That's what gets us really hot under the collar. The I&B ministry alleges these ads are "indecent", especially for children. The problem is not that the ads are about sex but that they are about sex as pleasure. They use words like “play” in them. They are talking about safe sex but they are selling pleasure more than they are selling birth control.
Triple X condoms in nine mazedaar flavours like mango, banana, strawberry being ordered over the phone, God forbid, by a woman! They have names like Moods, Manforce and Kama Sutra instead of the more wholesome Nirodh which carries protection in its name. The story goes when the mass-produced condoms were introduced in 1963, they were given a more exciting name — Kamaraj. But that also happened to be the name of the Congress party president of those days. So the stolidly bland Nirodh got the nod instead.
But since then, the condom industry has got its groove back. It's now a condom fiesta. They brag about greater stimulation rather than greater protection. Durex promises to be even in our dreams. The bai making up the room and cleaning the bed breaks into a jig when she spots a condom under the covers. The grumpy middle-aged couple waiting for an elevator cracks a smile when they spot the young man rushing to catch a falling condom packet. Ranveer Singh loves to #DoTheRex and prance around in tight jeans, bouncing on exercise balls. But despite this pretence of khullam-khulla coolness, many ads still promise "100% privacy and concealed shipping".
We are fine with condoms as birth control or even STD control. But when they promise to enhance pleasure, we balk. Pleasure, it turns out, is to be limited between 10 pm and 6 am. Or so the government hopes.
This is not some sanskari prudishness unique to India. Condom ads during prime time have been debated around the world. It was only in 2010 that the advertising code in Britain was changed to allow contraceptive ads to be broadcast before 9 pm as part of an attempt to cut teenage pregnancy rates. In 2005, when WB and NBC in the US broadcast commercials for Trojan condoms during prime-time, it made national news. There were no formal government restrictions on condom ads, but they just tended to be banished to late-night television. The AIDS crisis pushed the debate further when a Lifestyle condom ad aired on ABC, in which a young woman tells the audience "I'll do a lot for love. I won't die for it."
It's quite understandable that it makes us uncomfortable when ads that look like soft porn show up in the middle of a family dinner. But to ban all condoms ads outright for the "sins" of a few is a bit like throwing out the baby with the bathwater.
Rohit Ohri, chairman of the advertising agency FCB India, told The Economic Times, that if the Sunny Leone ad for Manforce is deemed offensive, "We should ban that advertisement and not regulate all condom advertising."
What's revealing in this new directive is that it thinks condom ads would create in children an "interest in unhealthy practices". Here's a newsflash for the government. Youngsters in India (and the not-so-young) are already very interested in sex. They don't need condom ads to remind them about their raging hormones. They have the internet handy. As a matter of fact, if you have sex on your mind, a condom should qualify as a “healthy practice”, not an unhealthy one.
If the government worried a little less about sex (between 6 am and 10 pm) and a little more about sex education somewhere during those hours, we'd be far better off as a nation.
MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. — It wasn't the Easter bunny that startled a South Carolina homeowner and his family. It wasn't even a burglar.
The Post and Courier of Charleston reports Susie and Steve Polston were worried that someone was trying to get into their home on Sunday. Instead, Polston's 16-year-old son found the intruder: a nine-foot alligator crawling on their second-story porch.
The family says the alligator climbed a back stairwell to the porch, crunched through the aluminum screen door and nestled between a sofa and a swinging bench.
State law requires a nuisance-trapped alligator to be killed, but the family didn't want that. The other choice was to wait it out, but the alligator was eventually euthanized.
Last year, an alligator rang a doorbell, while another fell asleep on a porch.
The Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun, has defended the country's current N21.7 trillion debt profile, saying the federal government was borrowing to build key national assets for economic growth.
Mrs. Adeosun said in Abuja the Muhammadu Buhari administration was not worried with the high debt stock contrary to criticisms and insinuations that the borrowings may lead the country back into another debt trap.
On Wednesday, March 14, 2018, the Director General of the Debt Management Offices (DMO), Patience Oniha, put the latest figures of the country's public debt as at December 31, 2017 at N21.7 trillion.
Mrs. Oniha said the figure was composed of External Debt stock of 26.64 per cent, up from 20.04 per cent in 2016, and Domestic Debt of 73.36 per cent, down from 79.96 per cent in 2016.
Although she said government objective was to reduce the ratio to 60 percent for Domestic, and 40 per cent for External, the Director General said details include Federal Government Domestic Debt (N12.589 trillion) and the Domestic Debt of States and the FCT (N3.348 trillion).
Further details showed the External Debt of the Federal, States and the FCT at N5.787 trillion.
But, Mrs. Adeosun said despite the rising profile of the country's debt from about N12 trillion by December 2016, what Nigerians should be concerned about should be that “the borrowings were for financing capital expenditure to stimulate the economy.”
“The funds injected through the borrowings strongly supported the implementation of the Federal Government's Budget, which helped the country exit recession in 2017 earlier than expected,” she said.
The Minister noted that the public debt profile as at December 31, 2017 represented about 18.20 per cent of Nigeria's gross domestic product for the year, indicating a debt sustainability ratio within the 56 per cent threshold for Nigeria's peer group.
“What government is borrowing for is what is important. Nigerians should be concerned if government is borrowing to pay salaries, travels, training or for wasteful venture.
“But, we are borrowing for long term infrastructure development, investments that allow businesses to thrive,” she insisted.
The alternative to not borrowing to get out of recession, she argued, would have been to “wait for oil price to recover,” a situation that would have prolonged the recession.
The Minister assured that the country was not at risk of going into recession again if the price of oil crashes, pointing out that before the last recession, the country did not have as much cushion as today.
Besides, she said ongoing government reforms now allow the Ministry of Finance to attend the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries meetings along with Ministry of Petroleum Resources officials, to get the latest information and better outlook of issues.
On why government was still paying subsidy on imported petroleum products after it vowed not to do so, Mrs. Adeosun explained “the subsidy the marketers were demanding was arrears inherited from the previous administration.”
“We are not paying subsidy in the old sense of the way subsidy was paid to oil marketers. The subsidy they are clamouring for is what they were owed before the present administration came in.
“We are negotiating with them to ensure our focus remains on our capital projects. That is really our priority.
Bigg Boss 11 contestant Hiten Tejwani has revealed that he was approached to participate in the reality TV series last year, but did not take up the offer as he did not want to stay away from his family for months.This time, however, the actor took up the offer when he was contacted by the makers."I was approached last year too but I refused. I was tied up with work. Another reason for saying 'no' was family as I couldn't leave my family for so many days."When they got in touch with me this year, I was still unsure about doing it. I took my time and later felt I should give it a try. I even consulted my family before signing up for the show," said Hiten.The actor, who featured in hit soap operas such as Kutumb and Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi in early 2000s, said the reality show is a challenge for him."I don't know what is going to happen inside but I would want to win the show. I am a calm and composed person. Bigg Boss house has changed all the personalities over a period of time, it is going to be a challenge for me to stay in the house."In the 11th installment of the show, it is celebrities versus commoners once again and Hiten said the stars have to be more responsible."Celebrities have to be careful, it depends on how one would react in a given situation. But if something is wrong, one should take the right stand. (When time comes) I will support those who are right."Hiten said he is up for all the tasks and doing household chores like washing clothes, cleaning and cooking."One can learn to be patient in the house and also learn to do household work. If you can survive in Bigg Boss house, you can do anything."Hosted by superstar Salman Khan, the show airs on Colors channel.
Calgary police have closed a stretch of Deerfoot Trail due to poor road conditions and a number of collisions.
Deerfoot Trail is currently shut down in both directions between McKnight Boulevard to Anderson Road.
There is no word yet on when the road will re-open.
A post shared by Hugh Jackman (@thehughjackman) on Jul 4, 2018 at 12:18pm PDT
Talk about a workout squad.
Hugh Jackman posted a photo of his sweat sesh with Arnold Schwarzenegger and a friend named Pete while at the gym on the Fourth of July.
“What a way to spend 4th,” he wrote. “With @Schwarzenegger and Pete at the original @GoldsGym in Venice,” along with the hashtag #FourthofJuly2018.
Schwarzenegger replied on Twitter: “Fantastic to see you and train together!”
The former California governor also shared a Fourth of July post to Instagram thanking troops in a partnership with USO's #Flex4Forces campaign.
“Thank you to you and all of our real action heroes who make this country great,” he concluded.
For two decades the Detroit Red Wings were on top of the NHL (or at least consistently close to it) and one of the elite franchises in the league. Always in the playoffs, usually a legitimate threat to win it all, and a Stanley Cup Finalist six times between 1995 and 2009, more than any other team in the league during that stretch.
Eventually that run was going to end, and in recent seasons you could kind of see the slide slowly starting to begin. They stopped winning in the playoffs. They had become a team that would get into the top-eight but never really go anywhere once they got there. Core players got older. The scouting staff and farm system wasn't finding and developing Hall of Famers in the back half of the draft anymore.
The team was clearly starting to descend down the mountain.
That descent has now turned into a complete collapse, and they may have hit rock bottom over the past couple of weeks.
At least for this season. Who knows how much deeper this can go in future seasons.
After being systematically dismantled by Nathan MacKinnon and the Colorado Avalanche on Sunday, the Red Wings enter the week having lost 10 games in a row, have one of the worst records in the NHL, and just look … bad.
The most concerning thing of all, though, is that this is not just a bad team this season, it is one of the oldest teams in the NHL, one of the most expensive teams in the NHL, and 15 of the players on the roster are under contract for next season with more than $58 million in cap space committed to them.
Even worse: Who on this team is a player that can be the centerpiece of any sort of rebuild or offer legitimate hope for the future?
Dylan Larkin is still only 21 years old and has shown flashes of being an impact player at various times in his young career. But he has also 23 goals … over the past two years. Anthony Mantha and Andreas Athanasiou look like they could be useful players, but they are not franchise building blocks. Gustav Nyquist is going to be 29 next seasons and has topped 50 points once in his career. There is not one player on the defense right now that is under the age of 27 and other than Mike Green all of them are signed through at least next season.
All of that, including the recent 10-game losing streak, has them sitting in the No. 31 spot in this week's PHT Power Rankings.
Where does everyone else sit?
To the rankings!
The Elites
1. Nashville Predators — These guys have not lost a game in regulation since Feb. 17 and have only lost two in regulation since the beginning of February. Best record in the league, the hottest team in the league, where else are they going to be in the standings?
2. Boston Bruins — Maybe the wrong Bruin has been getting MVP buzz this season. Instead of Patrice Bergeron it might be Brad Marchand that is driving the bus.
3. Tampa Bay Lightning — They have not played their best hockey lately … and they are still 10-2-1 over their past 13 games. Insanity.
4. Winnipeg Jets — Patrik Laine is still an unstoppable force right now. Ovechkin-like in his recent dominance.
The rest of the contenders
5. Toronto Maple Leafs — They have not had Auston Matthews, their best player, since Feb. 22 and are still 6-2-2 in 10 games without him and enter the week riding a four-game winning streak.
6. Vegas Golden Knights — They are only 7-6-1 in their past 14 games and starting to cool off just slightly. Still have a firm grip on the Pacific Division and William Karlsson is going to score more than 40 goals this season. What a season.
7. Washington Capitals — Evgeny Kuznetsov‘s injury could be a big deal in the short-term. Also sort of a big deal: What is going on with the goalie situation where Philip Grubauer is taking some starts from Braden Holtby. And playing really, really, really well.
8. Minnesota Wild — Eric Staal is two goals away from what would be his third 40-goal season. Only six other active players (Alex Ovechkin, Steven Stamkos, Evgeni Malkin, Marian Gaborik, Rick Nash, and Marian Hossa — technically he is still active) have at least three such seasons.
9. Pittsburgh Penguins — Goaltending is still a huge question mark with Matt Murray sidelined, but he seems to be getting closer to a return. The Penguins need him if they are going to win a third consecutive Stanley Cup.
The middle ground
10. Columbus Blue Jackets — With seven wins in a row they have not only solidified their playoff position, they have a real chance to get back into the top-three in the Metropolitan Division. Would that give them the best possible matchup in the first-round, though (potentially playing Pittsburgh instead of Washington)?
11. San Jose Sharks — Not many people are talking about the Sharks but they are going for home-ice in the first-round and have won seven of their past nine games. All of this without Joe Thornton for most of the season.
12. Colorado Avalanche — They have earned at least a point in 12 of their past 14 games and Nathan MacKinnon is playing like the league MVP. They are quietly making a push at a top-three spot in the Central Division.
13. New Jersey Devils — After going five consecutive games without a point, No. 1 overall pick Nico Hischer has bounced back with five points in his past five games. He may not be Connor McDavid or Auston Matthews as a No. 1 overall pick, but he is the second-leading scorer on a playoff team as a 19-year-old. That is impressive.
14. Philadelphia Flyers — Petr Mrazek has not been good since arriving in Philadelphia, carrying an .888 save percentage with the Flyers into the week.
15. Anaheim Ducks — Rickard Rakell is making a run for the title of “NHL's most underrated player.” He is currently in the middle of his second straight 30-goal season.
16. St. Louis Blues — It is kind of amazing they are still hanging around. They looked finished a week ago but four wins in five games has kept their playoff hopes alive.
17. Los Angeles Kings — They are clinging to a playoff spot but their inconsistency has made it impossible for them to put any distance between them and the rest of the pack.
Fading fast
18. Florida Panthers — All of that work to get back into the playoff race then they lose home games to Ottawa and Edmonton and now have to play seven of their next eight games on the road.
19. Calgary Flames — Mike Smith had a great season prior to his injury and his absence was a big part of their late season slide. His return has not yet made an impact as he has given up 10 goals in his first two starts.
20. Dallas Stars — There is never a good time to lose eight out of 10, but the worst possible time to do it is late in the season when you are in the middle of a tight playoff race with five other teams. They are spending way too much money to be this mediocre.
The Lottery
21. Edmonton Oilers — Connor McDavid is trying to win the scoring title for the second year in a row, and with the way he is going right now it would probably not be wise to bet against him. It is appalling that the team around him is so bad.
22. New York Rangers — Alexandar Georgiev has played well down the stretch, and Ryan Spooner has put up a ton of points since being acquired in the big trade with the Boston Bruins. So there is that.
23. Carolina Hurricanes — This season has been the past few years of this organization in a nutshell. Just enough to build up excitement, seem like they are getting close, then fell apart.
24. Chicago Blackhawks — Alex DeBrincat has three hat tricks this season and is tied for the team lead in goals as a rookie. He has been a bright spot in a lost season.
25. Ottawa Senators — They had a chance to play spoiler with three wins in a row recently, including two over playoff hopefuls Florida and Dallas.
26. Arizona Coyotes — They still have the worst record in the league, but as we said a week ago they haven't played like the worst team in the league for a few weeks. And have you seen the teams below them lately? Yikes.
27. Buffalo Sabres — Jack Eichel is back which should give Sabres fans something worthwhile to watch down the stretch.
28. New York Islanders — They have won five of their past 22 games and only one of their past 12. What else is left to say? The only win for this team this season is they own Calgary's first (and second) round draft pick which should give them two shots at the draft lottery.
A tier all their own at the bottom
29. Montreal Canadiens — An already mediocre team without three of its top players (Carey Price, Shea Weber, Max Pacioretty) and the recent results are reflecting that.
30. Vancouver Canucks — Sometimes it seems like we have not really paid much attention to just how bad the Canucks have been over the past three seasons.
31. Detroit Red Wings — Ten. Games. In. A Row.
————
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
JOHOR BARU: Malaysia's Home Ministry has proposed new laws to curb anti-social behaviour, especially the “mat rempit” (illegal street racers) menace.
Deputy Home Minister Nur Jazlan Mohamed, said on Saturday (Feb 3), police would have the authority to detain or take action against those causing distress or nuisance to the public with the new Anti-Social Behaviour Act.
“The laws on anti-social behaviour is not a curfew order. (In fact,) the police have carried out their responsibilities very well. However, police will have more powers to take action against mat rempit groups with the introduction of the laws.
“At the moment, action can only be taken when a mat rempit has committed an offence. With the Act, the police can take action to dismiss the groups and arrest those who are still stubborn,” he told reporters after attending the Pulai parliamentary constituency polling day simulation at Taman Bukit Indah.
Nur Jazlan, who is also Pulai Member of Parliament, was commenting on the statement by the Sultan of Johor Ibrahim Iskandar on his anger with a group of mat rempit for turning the stretch of Jalan Pantai Lido in front of the Sultanah Aminah Hospital (HSA) as an illegal racing venue.
He said the proposal, which was still at discussion level, came into the picture following an accident which claimed the lives of eight teenagers last year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“The mat rempit groups also involve minors, whereby police do not have the authority to arrest them. With the laws, the police can take action against parents who allow their children to get involved in such activities,” said Nur Jazlan.
In a statement posted on Facebook, the Sultan of Johor said he received numerous complaints, particularly from HSA patients about sleepless nights due to the noise coming from the motorcycle engines when mat rempit groups raced late at night.
Sultan Ibrahim also urged the police to take stern action against the illegal racers.
Meanwhile, Johor police chief Mohamed Khalil Kader Mohamed said police would go all out to crack down on the groups and their rampant illegal racing activities.
“The mat rempit menace is not only happening in Johor but also in other states ... Now, they have turned ‘sensitive' areas like hospitals and schools into racing venues which they do not have any respect (for people).
“They should understand more and be aware of these places. They have crossed the line and we (police) will not compromise at all,” he said when contacted by Bernama.
Psychologically terrified, and fearing for their lives, without question. But the people present in a St. Cloud residence -- two adult women and seven children -- did not sustain injuries.
The television in the home is a different story: The TV allegedly bore the brunt of White's rage, taking three slugs in the face. It was killed instantly.
According to a criminal complaint filed by the Stearns County Attorney's office, White and one of the two women in the home "have children in common." White's lived in the place off and on for parts of the past year, but he and the woman had been arguing for the previous few days.
The woman was trying to have a chill night watching movies with a friend, but White, also present, became "angry about a jersey."
He transfered his anger from one inanimate object to another: Retrieving a gun from a heating duct outside the home's bedroom, White came in and fired three bullets into the television screen; two bullets pierced a dresser that doubled as a TV stand.
White put the gun back and fled, according to the charging document, and his female acquaintances called the cops. The 26-year-old's shooting was either witnessed or overheard by at least two of the kids present.
Tracking White by his vehicle, cops soon located the alleged assailant at another house -- the homeowner there said White "had recently arrived at the residence and was intoxicated" -- and took him into custody.
He faces five felonies for the gunplay accusations: two counts of second-degree assault with a firearm, one for possession of a firearm with a previous felony conviction, and two for terroristic threats. Each assault charge carries a maximum sentence of seven years and/or a $14,000 fine, and the firearm posession crime could bring up to 15 years and/or $30,000.
We welcome readers' input. Send your story ideas or news tips here. (read more)
Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more)
NAIROBI: Kenya's Court of Appeal on Wednesday ordered the release from jail of officials from the national doctors' union so they can negotiate with the government over a strike that has paralysed the public health sector.
The strike has angered Kenyans and turned into a test of President Uhuru Kenyatta's leadership ahead of an election in August.
The union, which has about 5,000 members, wants the government to implement a deal agreed in 2013 to give doctors a 150 to 180 percent pay rise on basic salaries, review working conditions, job structures and criteria for promotions and address under-staffing in state hospitals.
The seven union officials were ordered to serve a one-month jail term on Monday after a lower court found them guilty of contempt of court in relation to the strike which started in December.
Appellate Judge Hannah Okwengu said the seven officials would be released immediately. She said the parties in the labour dispute had seven days to find a resolution.
"The applicants, respondents and interested parties undertake to resume negotiations forthwith, with a view to resolving the outstanding issues, in order to restore normalcy in the public health sector," she told a court packed with doctors.
The government has offered the striking doctors a 40 percent pay rise which the union rejected.
The Law Society of Kenya and the Kenya National Commission on Human Rights, who appeared as interested parties, were ordered to mediate the dispute and report back to the court.
Opposition leader Raila Odinga said the strike had dragged for too long and blamed the government for the impasse.
"So many innocent Kenyans have died in hospitals for lack of treatment," he told reporters outside the court.
Doctors in private hospitals had agreed to stop work for 48 hours from midnight Tuesday in solidarity with the officials of the Kenya Medical Practitioners Pharmacists and Dentists' Union, which represents workers in state hospitals.
Reuters visited three private hospitals on Wednesday which were fully operational, with doctors at work.
University lecturers are also striking over pay, worsening the political crisis before elections in August, when Kenyans choose their next president, members of parliament and local governors.
(Additional reporting by Humphrey Malalo; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Toby Chopra)
The suppressed post concerns Inigo Wilson's Lefty Lexicon, which resulted in his being suspended from his post at Orange.
Well, this is interesting.
Due to a request under data protection law in Europe, Google can no longer show one or more pages from your site in Google Search results. This only affects responses to some search queries for names or other personal identifiers that might appear on your pages. Only results on European versions of Google are affected. No action is required from you. These pages haven't been blocked entirely from our search results. They've only been blocked on certain searches for names on European versions of Google Search. These pages will continue to appear for other searches. We aren't disclosing which queries have been affected.
This is the first time this has happened to me.
The URLs that will no longer appear in searches comprise the archives for August 2006. Browing those posts, I can see discussions about two people who had done things that might result in a set of embarrassing search results. The first is a post about the former Celtic goalkeeper Artur Boruc, who was cautioned by police for making an overtly Catholic religious gesture at the staunchly protestant Ibrox Stadium (a disgraceful breach of freedom of expression and freedom of religion rights, I thought then and still think now).
The second candidate is a post entitled Why Are We Wasting Our Time With This Shit? about a man named Inigo Wilson. He had himself written a blog post on Conservative Home, provocatively titled The Lefty Lexicon. The piece was intended as satire and included offensive definitions such as “Islamophobic – anyone who objects to having their transport blown up on the way to work.” The Muslim Public Affairs Committee claimed this was racist and (if I recall correctly) agitated for Mr Wilson to be sacked from his PR post at Orange. My view of the affair was that Inigo Wilson's article was tedious but his freedom of expression should be respected.
Now, performing a Google search on this site for ‘Artur Botuc' does (at the time of writing) yield the blog post in question. But performing a search on this site for ‘Inigo Wilson' does not (again, at the time of writing) yield a link to the blog or the August 2006 archive.
This suggests that it is Mr Wilson who has sought to have Google search references to past activity suppressed, under the terms of European data protection laws.
Which prompts several thoughts.
First, I am grateful for the trip into my blog archives. I'm pleased that the From 11 Years Ago posted something that I agree with today.
Second, I'm vaguely irritated that it is my blog post about Inigo Wilson that has been removed from search results. This is because the piece was actually selected for inclusion in Justin McKeating's 2007 Blog Digest, an anthology described as “a brilliant collection” by one Boris Johnson. A printed book of blog posts might seem laughably anachronistic in 2017, but at the time I was proud to have been included (I still am). So it matters to me that the post is available via search engines… and it is likely that the way people will most likely find it is through a search on Mr Wilson's unusual name.
Third, I do think the law is fundamentally wrong to compel this kind of censorship and enable the ‘Right To Be Forgotten' to this degree. The article Inigo Wilson wrote was published on a prominent political website. It was and is consequential and controversial. And the way in which MPAC responded to the article is still relevant to discussions about identity politics, outrage, political correctness. The article is something Mr Wilson pro-actively posted to the world. The online furore that ensued was brought about by his publication, not by a piece of investigative journalism or a tabloid invasion of privacy. I don't see why there should be take-backs. I have always written on the assumption that anything I publish will be publicly available forever.
Finally, I wonder what Brexit means for the Right To Be Forgotten in the UK. The regulations in question are EU laws and extremely controversial. I wonder if analogous rules will ever be written into UK law?
Aug 9, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Kei Nishikori of Japan serves against Gael Monfils of France (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports/Files
REUTERS - Japan's Kei Nishikori has become the latest top 10 player to pull out of this week's Cincinnati Masters after the world number nine withdrew from the U.S. Open warmup event due to pain from a long-standing right wrist injury.
The 27-year-old, who had been seeded fifth and given a first-round bye, had flown to the host city before making the call to withdraw.
"Unfortunately I will not be able to play in Cincy," Nishikori wrote in English on his official app.
"Today (Sunday) during practice I felt a sharp pain in my right wrist and we are now visiting with the medical specialists to discuss the diagnosis. We will provide more details after we have more information."
Nishikori joins world number one Andy Murray, last year's champion Marin Cilic, U.S. Open winner Stan Wawrinka and 12-times major champ Novak Djokovic on the list of players skipping the event through injury.
Both Wawrinka (knee) and Djokovic (elbow) have opted to end their seasons early to recover from their ailments, while Murray (hip) faces the prospect of losing his top ranking should either Rafa Nadal or Roger Federer win the Cincinnati event.
The U.S. Open is the final grand slam of the year and runs from Aug. 28-Sept. 10 in New York.
(Writing by John O'Brien in Singapore; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
For the longest time this season it looked like Tampa Bay Lightning forward Nikita Kucherov was just going to run away with the NHL's scoring title.
Suddenly, though, he has some real competition starting to breath down his neck, and it is a member of the back-to-back Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins.
No. It is not Sidney Crosby, and it is not Evgeni Malkin, either.
It is Phil Kessel.
After his three-point game on Friday night Kessel enters play on Saturday just two points back of Kucherov for the top spot.
Working against him in his quest to win the Art Ross is the fact Kucherov still has two additional games to play the rest of the way and is still averaging more points per game. That is going to make it a tough deficit to overcome, because even though the gap now is only two points, Kucherov is still on pace for 102 points this season while Kessel is on a 96-point point pace.
But working in his favor, aside from the fact that Kucherov's pace has slowed, even if only slightly as the season has progressed, is that Kessel is playing on a Penguins team that is starting to figure things out and has a power play unit that is currently ripping apart the NHL. That power play unit has the top-three power play point producers in the league (Kessel, Crosby, Malkin) with Kessel leading the way. His 33 power play points are already just two shies of the league leading total (35 for Nicklas Backstrom) a season ago.
If he manages to pull it off — and even if ends up finishing in the top-two or three — it would be another somewhat hilarious development in the second half of his career.
Just look at the player Kessel was thought to be before he arrived in Pittsburgh by a pretty significant portion of the hockey world.
For years he was stuck as the best player on a bad team (in Toronto, of all places, the worst possible city for that to be the case) and was pretty much run out of town while having his reputation sullied on the way out the door.
Even before that critics always spent more time focussing on what he didn't do as a player instead of what he does do. Colby Armstrong, his former teammate, once said the words “But when the game's on the line, if he can get a goal for you, that's about all he's gonna do.”
One of his former coaches, Ron Wilson, once said “you can't rely on Phil.”
A couple of years later it turns out that getting goals when the game is on the line is a pretty important skill, and that yes, you can, in fact, rely on Phil.
Since arriving in Pittsburgh Kessel has not only been a focal point of two Stanley Cups winning teams, he was the leading postseason scorer on one of them and should have won (let's not even say probably — let's just be honest, he should have won) the Conn Smythe Trophy.
During those two Stanley Cup ones only Crosby and Malkin had more points over the two-year stretch (they each have 46 points; Kessel has 45) while nobody has scored more goals.
Even after accomplishing all of that he was still undervalued as a player (Team USA did not think enough of him to include him on its World Cup roster) while he entered this season still facing bizarre criticism.
It had been well documented that Kessel had developed a great relationship with former Penguins assistant coach Rick Tocchet.
Once Tocchet left this summer to take over the Arizona Coyotes there was real concern as to how Kessel would perform, and if you believe one preseason column in the Post-Gazette, if the Penguins would even want him around.
That storyline has not aged particularly well.
Kessel is not only one of the league's top-two scorers at this point and having what is the best offensive season of his career, he has been the Penguins' most consistent player and arguably their team MVP. He may not be the focal point of the roster, he may not be the biggest superstar on the team, and he may not be the locker stall the media crowds around first after a game, but you can't make the argument that Kessel hasn't been doing a lot of the heavy lifting for the Penguins since arriving in Pittsburgh.
He has been doing even more this season, and even though it almost certainly will not result in him getting an MVP award — whether it be leagued or team — he may still end up adding another trophy to his collection. One that nobody has to vote on.
————
Adam Gretz is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @AGretz.
A golden disc of sun floats in the sky above the mostly unprotected skin of children splashing in the kiddie pool. Hands reach into overstuffed coolers, pulling beers and grape sodas through chunks of melting gas station ice. A cloud of black smoke plumes into the air as the lid of a steel drum barbecue grill is lifted. Inside, flames lick at a foil tub of salmon seasoned with salt and fresh ground pepper, unshucked ears of corn — and sizzling hippopotamus patties stuffed with blue cheese.
Yes, hippopotamus. Memorial Day family reunions and Fourth of July cookouts smell a little different in the version of America that Sarah Gailey has created in River of Teeth, the first book in a duology (followed by Taste of Marrow).
Farming hippos for meat almost became an American industry, but for practical and safety reasons did not. Gailey explores an alternate history wherein that did indeed happen, and the result is an exciting take on the Western adventure story. Though it takes place in the swamps of Louisiana, River of Teeth features hippo-riding thieves and evil knife-wielding tycoons.
We are introduced to this world through the eyes of Winslow Remington Houndstooth as he finalizes the details for a “job” that will ultimately become a heist for his rag-tag team of ne'er-do-wells. Think Fast and Furious, but with hippos instead of cars; or Ocean's Eleven, if George Clooney and Brad Pitt were more than just friends. Each of Gailey's characters has their specialty: Hero has poison and explosives, Archie is the clever con artist, Adeila is the wildcard contract killer, and Cal is the gambling-obsessed connection that makes it possible to take down the equivalent of the Andy Garcia character in Ocean's­—in this case, Travers.
The caper, or “operation” as Houndstooth insists, is a government job to destroy a gate along the Mississippi River where dangerous, feral hippos reside. The goal is to assemble a team to help force the wild hippos to migrate south opening up some fertile territory to exploit, but Houndstooth is simultaneously preparing a frosty dish of payback for a wrong done him in a previous life. Everything is going to plan until Travers makes a few unexpected appearances, heightening the suspense along the way.
Along with the mischievous plot, Gailey handles each character with care and respect despite the story's brevity. The best example of the tenderness with which the author treats each player lies with Hero. The narrator refers to Hero with “they” and “their” pronoun use, informing the reader of an aspect of Hero's identity. But the narrator simply does it. It is not left up to Houndstooth to explain Hero's non-binary gender preference during their first encounter. In fact, Hero assumes Houndstooth will question them, wondering if Hero should be referred to as “he” or “she.” However, Gailey doesn't let the reader off that easily, even subverting Hero's expectations:
Hero walked toward Houndstooth until their boots touched. The laughter on Houndstooth's lips died. They were nearly the same height, and their noses were less than an inch apart. Here could smell the sweet tea on their own breath.
“Ask. I know you're wondering. If we're going to work together, you may as well ask.”
“Houndstooth swallowed. “I…” He paused, looking down at Hero's mouth, then looked back at their eyes.
“How did you drink the poison? Without it killing you.” Hero blinked. That wasn't the question they had anticipated.
The conversation goes on from there, leaving the question of gender behind to discuss matters more relevant to the job proposition. Later, a pregnant Adelia mentions that she has no need for a father for her child anymore. Perhaps she will raise her child with another woman, but she makes it clear she is done with men. Her lifestyle leaves no room for them. The way gender markers are utilized or set aside shows Gailey's willingness to join a list of authors who challenge consistent gender binary dynamics and tropes to make her characters complete and memorable.
Gailey's use enthusiasm for language is as refreshing as an ice-cold glass of sun-brewed sweet tea–minus the poison, of course. She writes about hippo-riding heroes with a child-like fondness any reader would enjoy. Well paced and clear, River of Teeth is a delight.
FICTION
River of Teeth by Sarah Gailey
Tom Doherty Associates
Published May, 23 2017
Help the Chicago Review of Books and Arcturus make the literary world more inclusive by becoming a member, patron, or sponsor. Each option comes with its own perks and exclusive content. Click here to learn more.
Super Bowl 2018 expected to be the coldest on record
Even by Minnesota standards, Super Bowl Sunday will be shivering. The predicted kickoff temperature is just nine degrees.
“I have three shirts on and a coat,” said one fan.
Kevin Smith, who is part of the Super Bowl host committee, said there is a plan for fans who didn't prepare for cold.
“We have a level one trauma center within a couple of blocks of U.S. Bank Stadium if anyone has a problem,” Smith said.
Eric Dayton, who helped coin the “Bold North” phrase, wants to turn the state's snow and ice into a strength.
“A lot of people kept saying Super Bowl in February in Minnesota, this sounds like a terrible idea,” we said. “Well, I think it is a great idea and it has been so fun to see all of these out-of-towners outdoors experiencing what we have to offer,” he replied.
That's why all week, many of the activities have been held outdoors with people showing up, layered up.
A winter carnival in St. Paul is being held outside, and it's expected to draw more than a half a million people to see an ice palace.
“The city is full of energy right now and it is fun to see all of the people coming to our part of the country and hopefully they are going to go home with great stories tell,” said Dayton.
But the true test is whether visitors will come back to the cold without the Bowl.
Author: CBS News
If the NDP's spin doctors had spun me any harder last week I might have struck oil — such was their fierce determination to attack the B.C. Green party.
Yes, the Greens. Not Christy Clark's governing Liberals, though they're throwing the kitchen sink at them, too.
What had the NDP in such an anti-Green tizzy? It was a speech by Green party candidate Mark Neufeld, a high-school teacher who did a bad impression of Martin Luther King Jr. in a campaign speech.
Neufeld said he was trying to honour the civil-rights legend by imitating his famous “I've seen the promised land” speech. I believe him, though he clearly went over the top with a U.S. southern preacher accent.
Neufeld apologized and that was that. But the New Democrats kept pushing the story as something worthy of more than just another blip in the news cycle.
The NDP pitched any number of new angles: Maybe Neufeld should quit as the Green candidate in the NDP-held riding of Saanich South, near Victoria. Maybe Green party Leader Andrew Weaver should fire him.
They protest too much. Something tells me the New Democrats are more than a little worried about the Greens, especially on Vancouver Island, a traditional NDP stronghold.
Polls show the Greens moving steadily upwards on the Island, possibly draining support from the NDP in key ridings. That not only has the Greens fired up. It also has Clark's Liberals dreaming of an Island breakthrough, too.
The Liberals no doubt see the Green surge on the Island as a chance to win some unlikely turf where their opponents split the vote.
Consider the riding of Cowichan Valley, where voters were ready to tar-and-feather the Liberals after the government approved a contaminated-soil dump near a lake.
The Green candidate is clean-water activist Sonia Furstenau, the local hero who led the successful fight against the dump. She could win the NDP-held riding, though the Liberals hope she steals just enough NDP votes to let their candidate sneak up the middle in a three-way fight.
Clark — who pretty much ignored the Island in the 2013 election — spent Monday campaigning there.
“We're very keen about the opportunity,” Liberal strategist Mike McDonald told me. “We didn't do a very good job there last time. This time, we have Island-specific advertising and a Vancouver Island platform.”
The platform includes a promise to develop a loyalty program for frequent ferry users, support a Victoria bid for the 2022 Commonwealth Games and boost Island tourism.
Now stop and consider what the NDP must achieve to win this election. You need to win 44 seats to form a razor-thin majority government in the 87-seat legislature. Make it 45 if you want one of your own MLAs in the non-voting Speaker's chair.
The NDP currently holds 35 seats, meaning they need to pick up an additional 10 seats May 9. This will be difficult in the best of circumstances, even if the NDP runs the table in gruelling battlegrounds like Surrey, Burnaby and Coquitlam.
A Green party breakthrough on the Island would make the NDP's task much more difficult. A Liberal breakthrough would make it nearly impossible.
No wonder Clark is campaigning there this time. I suspect it won't be her last visit.
msmyth@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mikesmythnews
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
LALAMUSA, Aug 13 (APP): State Minister for Capital
Administration and Development Division (CADD) Tariq Fazal
Chaudhry on Sunday visited the residence of deceased
12-year-old Hamid who died in an accident a few days ago.
The minister expressed his heartfelt condolence with
the bereaved family and offered Fateha for the departed
soul.
Talking to the media, the state minister
said former PM Nawaz Sharif and other leadership of the
PML-N had also expressed a deep sense of sorrow over the
death of Hamid and extended their sympathies with
the bereaved family.
He said Nawaz Sharif had already announced
to visit the residence of the deceased boy and he would
come Lalamusa soon to condole the death of Hamid.
State Minister Dr Darshan Lal, MNAs Ch Abid Raza, Malik
Abrar and MPAs Ch Ashraf Devna and Ch Shabbir Ahmad were
also present.
By Michelle Price and Pete Schroeder
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators on Wednesday unveiled a proposal to ease rules reining in banks' risky trading, outlining changes that will cut compliance costs but stopping far short of allowing firms to return to their gambling days seen before the 2007-2009 financial crisis.
The Federal Reserve's long-anticipated proposal to alter the so-called Volcker Rule marked another step by Trump administration regulators to ease banking rules in a bid to boost lending and economic growth.
Part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law, the Volcker Rule had been aimed at preventing banks from making market bets while accepting taxpayer-insured deposits. It has forced many Wall Street banks to overhaul their trading operations and hive off billions of dollars worth of hedge funds and private equity funds.
Banks have long complained that the rule, which took four years to write and runs at more than 1,000 pages, is vague and complex, creating a disproportionate compliance burden and limiting their ability to facilitate investments and hedges for investors.
Wednesday's proposal aims to make life easier for both banks and the regulators who enforce the rule, by clarifying how banks can show trades qualify for certain safe harbours, especially when facilitating client trades and hedging risks, and expanding those exemptions.
The proposal would also create a tailored regime according to the size of an institution, with the most active trading firms with more than $10 billion in trading assets facing the most rigorous set of rules.
Banks with trading assets between $10 billion and $1 billion would enjoy a simpler compliance framework, while banks with less than $1 billion in trading assets would be presumed compliant with the rule.
The proposal would also scrap a subjective standard which assumes banks' short-term trading is profit-seeking unless they can prove otherwise, replacing this short-term trading measure with an accounting test.
Regulatory officials said on Wednesday there was a broad consensus among the agencies that the rule could be revised without negatively affecting safety and soundness.
(Reporting by Michelle Price and Pete Schroeder; additional reporting by Patrick Rucker and David Henry in New York; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
WARSAW: Polish Finance Minister Mateusz Morawiecki was sworn in by President Andrzej Duda as the country's new prime minister on Monday, replacing Beata Szydlo, who became a Deputy Prime minister.
The ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party sacked the popular Szydlo last week in a bid to improve Poland's image abroad and prepare the conservatives for a series of upcoming elections.
(Reporting by Marcin Goclowski and Justyna Pawlak, writing by Lidia Kelly, editing by Larry King)
Former prime minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday addressed a press conference at Allama Iqbal's mausoleum in Lahore on the 70th Independence Day of Pakistan.
Nawaz said democracy in Pakistan derailed after the death of Quaid-e-Azam. "It's time we set Pakistan on the path which Jinnah envisioned. The path to success lies in democracy," he added.
"Unfortunately, we invented the Doctrine of Necessity, the result of which was that Pakistan broke apart in 1971."
Terming his disqualification a "setback", the former prime minister said people must work together to ensure a smooth flow of democratic process in the country.
"This has been the precedent for the last 70 years. Democracy has been made a joke in this country. God willing, I'll fight for supremacy of the people's mandate till my last breath," he added.
REUTERS: For nearly 50 years, the Oroville Dam has provided a water lifeline to residents across the state of California. But for the community in its shadow, the dam has been a source of contention and legal battles.
Weeks of winter storms triggered the near collapse of two of the dam's spillways this past week and temporary evacuation of nearly 190,000 residents.
The crisis also brought to the surface lingering and looming problems faced by the local community.
Butte County and green groups have fought the relicensing of the Oroville Dam for more than a decade. They argue federal regulators and the courts should require the state to better fortify the emergency spillway, to reimburse the county for dam-related costs, and to more carefully examine the effects of climate change on the dam.
Oroville's reservoir plays a vital role in capturing water from California's rainy, mountainous north and distributing it to agricultural lands, industrial tracts, and homes from the Bay Area to Southern California. But the community downstream says the benefits were not returned to Butte County.
In 2005, Butte County filed a motion with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), which licenses the dam, to intervene in the state's application to grant a new 50-year licence.
“For many years the costs to provide services to the project have outweighed the tourism benefits,” the county argued at the time. The dam's recreation facilities had become "a magnet for crime, vandalism, trash dumping" that the county regularly had to police and cleanup.
The nation's tallest dam created a job boom for the region during its construction in the 1960s. But once the project was completed, unemployment spiked and new homes were abandoned.
In the decades since, Butte County argued it lost US$267 million in potential taxes on the now-submerged land under reservoir. The county estimated it spends US$4.8 million annually on expenses related to the dam. The state's Department of Water Resources, which operates the dam, calculated the county's losses were less, but still reached over US$500,000 annually, according to a 2007 environmental study.
Conservation groups Friends of the River and the Sierra Club also raised issues, requesting that the dam's relicensing be contingent on stronger fortification of the emergency spillway - which nearly failed this week.
“We were told repeatedly that the spillways and the dam were all just fine,” said Friends of the River's Executive Director Eric Wesselman. “The events unfolding at Oroville should be a wake-up call that there are thousands of unsafe dams and levees in the country."
FERC consultants dismissed concerns about the emergency spillway in a 2006 memo. But on Monday, the federal agency requested an independent "forensic analysis to determine both the cause of the spillway failure and whether it could occur again.”
FERC spokeswoman Celeste Miller would not say how the damaged spillways impacted the state's application to relicense the dam.
In 2008, Butte County also sued the state's Department of Water Resources, accusing it of avoiding a rigorous assessment of the effects of climate change on the dam.
The lawsuit came three years after Governor Jerry Brown warned that climate change threatened to “greatly reduce the Sierra snowpack, one of the state's primary sources of water.”
The state needs to consider the wild swings in climate conditions, not just the effects of drought, when re-evaluating the safety of dams, said Butte County Counsel Bruce Albert.
"I don't know what's coming in the future, but they haven't studied it," Albert said.
The state says it completed a climate analysis over a decade ago. In 2012, a judge ruled against Butte County, writing that "current climate change science does not allow for project-specific forecasting," and the state's environmental study "should not be based on speculation."
The county appealed. The case is now before California 3rd District Court of Appeals.
(Reporting by Robin Respaut in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Advertisement
British Prime Minister Theresa May has called a snap general election to be held on June 8, 2017.
May made the surprise announcement on Tuesday in front of 10 Downing Street.
“I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election,” she said.
Advertisement
May added that Britain needed an election because while the country is coming together, parliament is not.
She accused her opponents' “political game-playing” of undermining country in Brexit talks.
Here we go again, and again.
Agriculture is in the gun sights of some groups, and we ag producers can see the scopes. We have come under fire about ag education courses, lean beef trimmings and GMOs.
First, and this must have come as a shock to Colorado State University and South Dakota State University, the Yahoo website's education page recently listed agriculture, animal science and horticulture in the top five list of most useless degrees. The No. 1 useless diplomas in their view are agriculture courses, which include crops, plant diseases, animal husbandry and basic veterinary science. No. 4 was animal science: animal breeding, reproductive physiology, nutrition, meat and muscle biology. Horticulture was named fifth in the top five. These include studies of crops, plant diseases, ag business and ag economics crop and fruit science.
Apparently the people who did this study do not eat. At least they have no idea where their food comes from. They obviously aren't aware of the tragic lysteria outbreaks. It is researchers with these very degrees who have studied all manner of food problems and found solutions, often before the public was exposed. That is called food safety and it is one of the highest priorities.
“Any number of folks who are so enamored with where their food comes from have never stepped foot on a farm, yet they are experts.” Recommended Stories For You
These are undoubtedly the same vocal, uninformed folks who said so many disparaging comments concerning the lean meat trimmings that are made into hamburger. They holler about not wasting and cry "recycle" at the drop of a hat. But let perfectly good beef, in small trim quantities, be mixed together to provide a sized portion of lean ground beef and finished with an anti-e-coli treatment (to protect consumers), suddenly those lean trimmings have a nasty nickname and are complained about loud and long. The vocal complainers are the same ones who hold themselves up as hallmarks of society because they recycle. I guess they do not realize that they are being hypocrites because this beef trim is indeed being reclaimed so it will not go to waste. When the lawmakers are generations removed from the farm, it is reflected in the regulations with which they attempt to harness producers. Piling on paperwork does not help, in fact it takes away from the time farmers can implement new ideas into their plans and actually farm.
Any number of folks who are so enamored with where their food comes from have never stepped foot on a farm, yet they are experts. They get their information from uninformed internet nuts that don't know any more than they do. Someone started the rumor that GMO crops are not good. It has escalated to the point where consumers are scared to buy a bag of cashews if the label does not state, "Non GMO." The sad part is there is no such thing as GMO cashews. If the consumer had educated herself with facts instead of believing rumors, she could have enjoyed her treat with no qualms. ❖
Share:
KARACHI-The soulful vocalist, Samra Khan, owned the musical reality show Music Garage's stage as she won the Best Solo Female 2018 award in the much-hyped, heavily-watched series, produced by Elite Films!
The famed Pakistani singer rocked the stage and gained a huge fan base in no time. Her music has the propulsive rhythmic feel that leaves the audiences rapt.
Samra Khan came into limelight through Coke Studio Season 8. The hidden star performed alongside Asim Azher and delivered “Hina Ki Khushbu” - rendition of the Noor Jehan original track - so impeccably that left people awestruck!
The rising star was then handpicked by Elite Films for Music Garage – first-ever original series - along with other Middle East expats. And the talented diva won the Grand Event for Pakistan. Pakistanis have been praising her performances that have a refined edge needed to continue her appeal to a wider audience. After reaping massive admiration for “Hina ki Khushbu”, the singer opted to release her solo songs which were well taken by the audience. The melodious vocalist is banker by profession and trying to keep a balance in both fields.
Music Garage, started on April 7, was telecasted on a weekly basis and had a grand finale on May 26, 2018. It was the first season and considered to be the milestone for Viu - Vuclip's over the top (OTT) platform - targeting South Asian residents in the Middle East. From the diverse market, all six participating bands and singers were given an opportunity to showcase their talent in each episode.
The seventh episode was a recap of all performances and the grand finale featured the most voted male singer, female singer and the top voted band. And Samra Khan stood out and won the reality show through public voting. Her debut in Coke Studio changed her life tremendously and we wish her all the best for her future endeavors.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The grieving mum of a baby girl who died after choking at nursery has shared a powerful video about her mental health battles since losing her daughter.
Joanne Thompson lost her daughter Millie in 2012 and has spoken out to urge other sufferers to seek help and not struggle in silence.
In her video, which she shared as part of this week's Time to Talk Day from the mental health charity Mind, she talks of how she has had therapy and medication since losing Millie when she was just nine months old, reports the Manchester Evening News.
Following Millie's death, after she choked on food at nursery, Joanne was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, depression and anxiety and complex grief.
(Image: MEN Media)
After a time off medication, the 32-year-old has been struggling again, and has just been prescribed anti-depressants.
She used her vlog to highlight how easy it is for depression to be an invisible illness.
She said: "You can't see when people have got mental health problems...
"Would you be able to tell from me talking now - the way I look, the way I'm talking - that right now I've got a prescription in my pocket for antidepressants that the doctor gave me."
(Image: MEN Media)
In the emotional vlog she describes how she's come to terms with the need to take them again - for the sake of her children, Leo, two, and 13-week-old Asher.
"These two little people really need their mum right now," she said. "And they need me to be as good a mum as I can be."
Joanne, 32, from Cheadle Hulme, has had a massive response to the video, which has been viewed on Facebook more than 20k times.
She said: "I wanted to support the #timetotalk awareness campaign as I am a huge advocate of talking about mental health.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
"Through my journey I have found that talking is an amazing therapy to remind you that you are not alone in what is happening to you and there are people available to help and people who have been on a similar journey that can guide you through it.
"Talking is an essential part of therapy to help you live a happy and healthy life when you have a mental health problem, there shouldn't be a stigma attached to it anymore and the more people that talk about it, the more that stigma will fade."
Following Millie's death Joanne and husband Dan set up charity Millie's Trust to teach paediatric first aid.
Jo, who also writes her own blog, Same Person, Different Me , said she'd been blown away by the response to her video.
She said: "The post has had an amazing response and I've already had a message from a lady telling me it helped her to call her doctor yesterday."
The National Weather Service has issued a Red Flag Warning for northeast Oklahoma from 10 a.m. until 6 p.m. Monday.
Seven-day burn bans have been issued for McIntosh, Pittsburg and Wagoner counties amid the high-fire danger. An already existing burn ban for Sequoyah County has been extended through Monday, December 18, 2017.
Weather Alerts
The upper air pattern will continue to bring a few surface fronts into the area for the next few days, but the lack of low level moisture will keep the forecast dry for now. A front enters the area later today and late Wednesday night into Thursday morning. Later this weekend another system will move across the state with a very low possibility of a shower or two across far southeastern Oklahoma but these probabilities will remain too far to the southeast to impact the metro. Our main weather issues will resolve around gusty winds and the increasing fire danger issues for the week. Highs today will be in the mid-60s after morning lows in the lower to mid-30s. South to southwest winds will prevail for the first part of the day before shifting from the northwest early afternoon as a surface front clears the northeastern Oklahoma region. Low dew points and humidity values in the 25 to 35% range will cause a rapid-fire weather spread later this afternoon.
The main upper level pattern will consist of the ridge in the west and the trough across the northeast. This will create and keep a west to northwest flow aloft across the middle portion of the nation. This will bring several systems across the central and southern plains for the next 7 days but the lack of moisture in the atmosphere will keep the precip mentions out of the forecast for our immediate area. We are seeing signals of a pattern change for the week nearing Christmas. A more active southern stream is likely to develop including the possibility of a southwesterly upper air flow. This would bring wet weather into the southern plains nearing the state for Christmas. Again, this is a signal in the data and not a specific forecast. At this point the better and deeper moisture would be across Texas. We'll continue to update of course over the next few days.
NewsOn6.com Weather Apps
Highs today will be in the mid-60s with southwest winds shifting to the northwest later today and becoming strong with 20 to 25 mph winds possible. The fire danger will be increasing today across northern Oklahoma and southern Kansas where near Red Flag criteria is possible.
Tuesday morning lows will be in the upper 20s and lower 30s with north winds and highs in upper 40s and lower 50s with sunshine along with northwest winds.
Wednesday morning south winds return with lows in the mid-30s and highs back into the lower to mid-60s. Later Wednesday night into Thursday morning gusty north winds will arrive with morning lows in the mid-30s with highs in the upper 40s and lower 50s Thursday afternoon. Friday morning lows will be in the 20s with highs in the mid to upper -50s.
South to southwest winds near 30 mph may be possible Saturday with morning lows in the lower 40s and highs in the lower to mid-60s. The surface cold front will move across the state into Sunday morning with a slight chance of showers and storms for southeastern Oklahoma. Sunday morning lows will be in the mid-30s with highs in the lower to mid-50s.
WARN Interactive Radar
Thanks for reading the Monday morning weather discussion and blog.
SHANGHAI: Chinese cable maker Recon Wenyuan Cable Co Ltd is set to snap up a majority stake in a U.S. movie production company for up to US$100 million, the company said in a statement on Wednesday, without naming the target.
Bloomberg reported on Tuesday that Recon, controlled by the business mogul who bought British soccer club Aston Villa last year, was in talks to buy Millennium Film, the studio behind "The Expendables".
Recon said the deal for a 51 percent stake in the U.S. studio would be carried out via wholly-owned Hong Kong subsidiary Sure Lead Holding Ltd, marking a further push by China to increase its presence in Hollywood.
"The target company is a independent film production company set up in the United States focused on film production, movie making and investment," Recon said in a filing to the Shenzhen stock exchange.
The firm's shares, which have been suspended since late January, will restart trading on Thursday, it added.
Two Chinese movie companies, Shanghai Film Group (SFG) and Huahua Media, said last month they would invest US$1 billion in productions by Viacom Inc's Paramount Pictures.
Reuters could not immediately reach Millennium Films for comment outside regular U.S. business hours.
(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by David Holmes)
1. Blue Week Kick Off
Kick off Blue Week Meet and mingle with other environmentally minded locals during The Blue Week Kick-Off party. Free.
5-7pm | Wednesday, May 9th
The Black Cloister Brewing Co | 619 Monroe St, Toledo
2. Turning the Hills Blue
Spend mother's day caring about mother nature by planting native seeds and enjoying a tour of the Ottawa Hills riparian area led by the Nature Conservancy staff every half hour. Free.
2-5pm | Sunday, May 13
Epworth United Methodist Church | 4855 W Central Ave, Ottawa Hills
3. Lupine in Bloom
Wild Blue Lupine is one of Oak Openings' signature species and the only host plant for the endangered Karner Blue Butterfly. Check out and learn more about the beautiful plant during the naturalist led walk. Free.
10-11:30am | Monday, May 14
Oak Openings Preserve Lodge | 5230 Wilkins Rd, Whitehouse
4. Butterflies of Oak Openings
Take a stroll led by Jan Dixon through Oak Openings in search of the diverse and unique butterflies that flutter through the park. Free.
2-4pm | Monday, May 14
The Nature Conservancy Kitty Todd Preserve | 10420 Old State Line Rd, Swanton
5. The Buzz about Bees in the Oak Openings
Enjoy an afternoon walk through the small and sandy oak savanna and watch bumblebees pollinate wild blue lupines and blueberries. The walk will be led by Mitch Magdich, education curator of the Toledo Zoo. Free.
2-3:30pm | Tuesday, May 15
Mielke Road Savanna Wildlife Area | Hill/Crissey Intersection
6. Wetland Wildlife
Come and see for yourself why the Irwin Prairie is considered the finest sedge meadow in the area. Join the preserve staff in search of unique and rare plants and animals that live in the wetland. Free.
6:30-8:30pm | Wednesday, May 16
Irwin Prairie | 9911 W Bancroft St, Holland
7. Wild About Wildlands
Nationally renowned naturalist and top wildlife tracker Susan Morse will share her award-winning photography and exciting anecdotes from her times in the field. Her presentation will discuss the habitat of local species, how to identify their signs in the field, the role they play in local ecology and challenges they face in the 21st century. $5
7-9pm | Thursday, May 16
Bedford High School | 8285 Jackman Rd, Temperance, MI
8. Wild About Wildlife Workshop
Spend the entire day with Susan Morse during this workshop filled with exploring local animal behavior. Learn hints and tips for detecting, identifying, and interpreting wildlife tracks and signs in Oak Openings from Morse. $40
8am-5pm | Friday, May 18th | Saturday, May 19
Oak Openings | 5230 Wilkins Rd, Whitehouse
9. Frogtastic Night
Learn to distinguish the calls of natives frogs and toads then put your knowledge to the test with students from the University of Toledo. Kids will also play a frog life cycle game for prizes. Free.
7:30-9pm | Saturday, May 19th
Secor Metropark | 10000 Central Ave, Toledo
10. Bow for Blue Week
Blue week goes out with a bang with this archery field course winding through Oak Openings. No experience or equipment is required for you to spend the afternoon learning archery as well as what makes the Tomahawks Archers property unique and the group's restoration efforts. Free.
1-4pm | Sunday, May 20th
Tomahawk Archers | 2085 W Erie Rd, Temperance, MI
Corunna — A crowd of around 100 people filling a Shiawassee County courtroom rose to their feet to applaud a graduation class of one.
The graduate named Joe had been working toward this day for 15 months, but it's an addiction to heroin that began nearly 17 years ago that he's continued to work on overcoming every single day.
Following a guilty plea on multiple retail crime charges, the 33-year-old Owosso resident entered the Shiawassee County drug court.
The program started in October 2015, with its first participants enrolled in April 2016, offering those facing jail time for alcohol or drug-related crimes an alternative to jail and opportunity for recovery from addictions.
“I can't tell you how proud I am of our participant,” Shiawassee Circuit Judge Matthew Stewart said Aug. 2 while joined by Sheriff Brian BeGole, prosecutor Deana Finnegan, defense attorney Matt McKone, addiction specialists from Recovery Pathways and Shiawassee County Health Department officials.
Joe was facing several years in prison, but he instead became part of the program that currently has 16 other members. His last name is being withheld at the request of court officials to maintain his privacy.
“It's been a struggle, it's been a rough road, but thankfully I could overcome and conquer,” he said. He had with a rigorous drug testing schedule and weekly reports to a probation officer.
“One hundred percent worth it. It made me a better person, with my family, with my wife. It made me a better son, husband. Just changed my whole outlook on life.”
Stewart noted most of the people coming through the drug court program have spent some time in jail as part of the criminal process, but the new idea for Shiawassee County allows them to work full-time and take part in recovery programs.
Sitting alongside Joe in the courtroom, McKone became tearful while talking about how far the man who now lives down the street from him has come and the impact the drug court could have on the region and its struggles with an opioid “epidemic.”
“These folks are my neighbors. I'm going to see them at Walmart and Meijer and VGs,” he said. “I want them to contribute to my society. I also thought if someone goes to prison, they're coming back to Shiawassee County. They're coming back here because this is where all the resources are. Do I want somebody who has been rehabilitated or somebody who has been made a better criminal to be my neighbor?”
Approximately 70 percent of the cases Stewart sees in his courtroom have to deal with drug or alcohol issues, with time behind bars costing thousands of dollars per each inmate.
While there have been some doubting the effectiveness of the program that does not accept drug dealers or violent offenders, Stewart said getting the people in his courtroom back on their feet again is not only helping them but others at the same time.
“Understand that addiction is generational. When these folks get out of prison, if they're not admitted into the program, treatment, they'll go home and they will teach their families substance abuse, bad habits,” he said. “But if we treat them and we teach them how to maintain a sober and recovering lifestyle, they'll take that home too and teach their family about recovery and sobriety. What I tell the naysayers is check out today. We've got a graduate and we've got 16 more that are right behind him.”
Joe told reporters he'd be back in the courtroom, but it would be to share his story with others about the opportunity and not to take it for granted.
On a new path for his future, Joe said he wants to find a good job to provide for his family because it wasn't the possibility of jail time that drove him to complete the program.
“I wanted to be a better person for my family, my wife, my kids,” he stated, adding everyone in the program have helped accomplish part of that goal.
“They're my friends,” Joe said. “They've had my back the whole time through this. I never felt they wished ill will on me at all. They've done nothing but wanted the best for me and I gave them the best I had.”
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w43gCj
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – Dhane Smith netted a hat-trick to push his career goal total to 200 as the Bandits topped their I-90 rivals from Rochester, 16-14 on Saturday.
200 CAREER GOALS for @dhanesmith92!!! 👏🎉 Congratulations to the Great Dhane! pic.twitter.com/IcG08oz5JH — Buffalo Bandits (@NLLBandits) February 4, 2018
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Josh Byrne scored five goals and also added an assist as Buffalo picked up its second straight win.
Buffalo is now 4-3 overall.
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Amazon recently sent out an email to hundreds of customers to let them know their purchased solar eclipse glasses were not confirmed safe for viewing the eclipse.
Here's the email:
To protect your eyes when viewing the sun or an eclipse, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) advise you to use solar eclipse glasses or other solar filters from recommended manufacturers. Viewing the sun or an eclipse using any other glasses or filters could result in loss of vision or permanent blindness. Amazon has not received confirmation from the supplier of your order that they sourced the item from a recommended manufacturer. We recommend that you DO NOT use this product to view the sun or the eclipse.”
Amazon also said in the email they were refunding buyers in full.
It's currently unclear how many companies are affected by the recall.
Pam Ledbury, who lives in Damascus, said she was so excited to watch the eclipse until she received the email from Amazon, just 9 days before the solar eclipse.
“Thousands of us probably bought them because they are cheap,” Ledbury said.
However, Ledbury is grateful Amazon warned her about the potential faulty glasses.
Ledbury said, “It really was a good idea because if they are not sure, you can imagine how many people can go blind.”
She also said if she can't find appropriate glasses by Aug. 21, she'll watch the shadows move over her farmlands.
If you received this email from Amazon, there are other places to purchase eclipse glasses.
The American Astronomical Society has listed manufacturers of eclipse glasses on their site, which are verified to be compliant with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard.
NASA has also listed multiple ways to safely view the eclipse.
This story was originally published by KOIN, a Nexstar contributing station.
CTV London
Police are searching for a suspect that fled from a serious crash along Erie Street on Friday morning
They say a 2005 gold Grand Jeep Cherokee was travelling north in the curb lane on Erie Street. The suspect vehicle made a turn from Monteith Avenue onto Erie Street heading north.
The suspect vehicle forced the Jeep off the roadway, causing the Jeep to mount the curb and hit a hydro pole and a tree.
The driver of the Jeep was taken to hospital and released with minor injuries.
The suspect vehicle was described as a silver or light grey sedan, possibly a Buick or Ford Crown Victoria.
The driver of the suspect vehicle was last seen heading east on West Gore Street. A partial licence plate was obtained as being AXZ.
It is unclear if the partial licence number was the first or last digits of the licence plate. The driver was described as an older male possibly in his seventies.
It was reported by the witness the elderly male appeared to be confused. The suspect vehicle may have sustained damage to the right front corner and/or the right side.
The Grand Jeep Cherokee sustained $12,000.00 damage.
Anyone with any information is asked to contact police at 519-271-4143 or Crime Stoppers.
File photo of Sachin Tendulkar.
To the man who united a billion Indians and brought a smile to their faces everytime he walked out to bat. A dream that he turned into reality.
Sachin is an emotion.. Sachin is a phenomenon!
Happy birthday, Paaji!! @sachin_rt
#HappyBirthdaySachin pic.twitter.com/PRVNVnAFVw — Suresh Raina (@ImRaina) April 24, 2018
Happy Birthday dear @sachin_rt . You are and will always remain an inspiration . It's wonderful to see you contribute towards society with some really good initiatives even after your retirement. Wish you success always. #HappyBirthdaySachin pic.twitter.com/aWQxZ9kRjV — VVS Laxman (@VVSLaxman281) April 24, 2018
Centurion 2003 was one of the best days in my life.Not just because we beat Pakistan in a WC match but because I got to witness from a distance of just 22 yards,a display of focus,intensity & genius.What a man, your glory will be unsurpassed @sachin_rt paaji #HappyBirthdaySachin pic.twitter.com/VspBUC6tVp — Mohammad Kaif (@MohammadKaif) April 24, 2018
Still The Chants SACHIN SACHIN Gives Goosebumps To Us.#HappyBirthdaySachin @sachin_rt The Man Who Carried Emotions Of The People Of A Nation For 24 Years. More Power To You🙏 pic.twitter.com/JDhWiw23vx — Vijender Singh (@boxervijender) April 23, 2018
First Published: April 24, 2018, 10:37 AM IST
It's a truly rare sighting for the entire cast of Real Housewives of Atlanta to get along with each other. But one of the unwritten Black people rules is to always stick together when being attacked by an outsider.
Nene, Kandi, Porsha, Kenya and Cynthia read Kim Zolciak-Biermann her rights on Sunday night's Real Housewives of Atlanta reunion over her racist claims. The ladies supported Nene in her claims that Kim was being racist when she said that Nene was “sick and disgusting” for living in a “roach nest.”
They felt that Kim's shade had cultural implications of impoverished black women living in the projects. But Kim begged to differ, saying, “Don't try it. It has nothing to do with the projects or none of that s—. A roach is a roach.” Adding fuel to the racially heated pit, Kim said that racism doesn't actually exist in this day and age.
#PressPlay: #KimZolciak says "this whole racism thing in this day & age is bs" & "if social media wasn't there racism wasn't all that real" 👀👀 via: #realhousewivesofatlanta pic.twitter.com/o64xamd1SR — The Shade Room ⏺️ (@THESHADER00M) April 23, 2018
Let's not forget that this is the same woman who felt that she was a Black girl trapped in a White woman's body:
I'm a black woman trapped in a white woman's body. – Kim Zolciak #RHOAReunion pic.twitter.com/OTkYTHLBoX — DivatheD (@deedeehttr) April 23, 2018
Her racist comments about racism was enough to set social media on fire:
The look of someone who genuinely believes racism wasn't a thing until recently. #RHOA #KimZolciak pic.twitter.com/faqzXQ4BVS — PrestonMitchum (@PrestonMitchum) April 23, 2018
It was at this moment that Kroy realized he was married to a racist. #Rhoa #RHOARenunion #KimZolciak pic.twitter.com/LceY3ib3DZ — BlockedbyJax (@LizbethLopezFL) April 23, 2018
Kim Zolciak: “I'm not racist.” Also Kim: “You know why you haven't found another white woman to sit on that couch, no one's dumb enough to do that.” — Ira Madison III (@ira) April 23, 2018
This what dreams are made of! Kenya and Nene, two read queens tag teaming Kim!!! @Kimzolciak was not prepared for the dynamic duo that is @KenyaMoore and @NeNeLeakes, you're done Kim, their work is done! #RHOA pic.twitter.com/MB78Fl1hDl — Gee (@allrealitychat) April 23, 2018
Want more from the “Kim Z. is over” party? Listen to Charlamagne Tha God drag her as the Donkey of the Day. Heehawww:
Also On Magic 95.9:
Wallabies scrumhalf Will Genia has signed a two-year deal with the Melbourne Rebels in a major coup for the struggling Super Rugby club.
MELBOURNE: Wallabies scrumhalf Will Genia has signed a two-year deal with the Melbourne Rebels in a major coup for the struggling Super Rugby club.
The 29-year-old had been expected to slot back into his old team, the Queensland Reds, after returning home from a stint with Parisian club Stade Francais.
But last week, Genia cast doubt on a return to the team where he won the 2011 championship under coach Ewen McKenzie, citing the Reds' full complement of scrumhalves.
The 78-test veteran instead joins a team that finished bottom of the Australian conference with a solitary win and was only recently assured of continuing in the competition next season after a protracted process to cull a local side.
The Australian Rugby Union said in April it would axe either the Rebels or the Western Force as Super Rugby contracts from 18 teams to 15 next year, but the governing body only announced its decision to remove the Force last Friday.
The Force are still fighting to remain in Super Rugby and have lodged an appeal with the Supreme Court of New South Wales which will be heard next week.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I'm really looking forward to joining the guys down in Melbourne, they have a great young team with plenty still to achieve in Super Rugby, so I'm excited to get stuck in 2018," Genia said in a statement.
"First and foremost I'm there to contribute to the desired success of the club on the field through my performance and ability as a player.
"After that, it'll be a great chance to bring some of the things I've learned over the years to the club, and help drive the club forward."
The Rebels are yet to make the playoffs since joining the competition in 2011 and endured a terrible, injury-blighted season in 2017 as players toiled under the threat of an uncertain future.
The team is looking for a new coach after former Munster boss and Wallabies assistant Tony McGahan ended his four-year tenure at the end of the regular season.
Force coach Dave Wessels has been linked with the role, if the Perth team loses its legal fight and is dissolved.
Earlier this month, former owner Andrew Cox handed the Rebels' licence back to the sport's state governing body, the Victorian Rugby Union, in a move both parties said had secured the team's future in Super Rugby.
The Rebels have since announced a raft of new signings, with former Wallaby Tetera Faulkner crossing from the Force on a two-year deal and Japan number eight Amanaki Mafi taking a one-year extension.
Genia, who has captained the Wallabies a number of times and played at the 2011 and 2015 World Cups, is expected to start in Michael Cheika's side in the Rugby Championship opener against the All Blacks in Sydney on Saturday.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Phenomenal fishing was one of the reasons Port Colborne was chosen to be part of the Berkley B1 Championship Tour, said tournament president Ben Woo.
“There's a bass factory right off of the city,” said Woo, just days ahead of the fishing tournament on Lake Erie.
Woo said it's the first year for the tournament, which started in 2009 in Quebec, in Ontario. He said a poll was taken of anglers that participate in the event asking where they wanted to fish.
“They said the Bay of Quinte and Port Colborne … it was a popular choice”
Logistics, he said, factored into the decision to host the event in the city at H.H. Knoll Lakeview Park as well.
“We're able to put on a large show … there's the park, the stage and the marina and a lot of space for the 160 anglers. It made sense. We came to the city and they were onboard,” said Woo, a guide angler and TV and radio show host.
Anglers will battle it out for $75,000 in cash and prizes including a Ranger bass boat package courtesy of Maple City Marine.
The tournament was starting to set up on Monday, in preparation for the two-day event, August 18-19, which will be livestreamed with multiple cameras on Facebook at www.facebook.com/berkleyb1open/.
While tournament organizers were starting to set up, Woo said anglers in the tournament were on Lake Erie practicing.
“They were out looking for where the bass are, where they were going to go, how they were going to plan their day and manage their time.”
Anglers were allowed to fish in both Canadian and American waters during practice and those waters are also open during the tournament. Ninety-five per cent of the anglers taking part in the tournament are Canadian, from Quebec and Ontario. There are a number of anglers from the Niagara Region as well.
“It's a live release event … we have a live release boat,” he said.
Woo said anglers are allowed five bass a day, smallmouth or largemouth, and after the first day, the field will be cut in half. He said Lake Erie is known for its giant smallmouth bass and expects that's what those coming to watch the weigh-in will see.
“The Bay of Quinte saw largemouth bass,” he said.
Boats leave in waves during the event, with the first group of 25 leaving at 7 a.m., followed by a wave of 25 every 10 minutes. The first wave returns for weigh-in at 3 p.m.
dajohnson@postmedia.com
Twitter: @DaveJTheTrib
The collector lanes on Hwy. 85 northbound were forced to be closed on Wednesday afternoon after an excavator tipped over underneath a bridge.
The excavator was being used along the curb when the pavement gave way and the vehicle tipped over, OPP Const. Lauren Ball said.
READ MORE: Another tractor-trailer collides with barrier on Hwy. 401 near Hwy. 8
The machine toppled under the old railway bridge which is located between Wellington and Frederick streets.
#Hwy85 NB #Kitchener collector lanes closed N of Frederick. Excavator tipped and struck rail bridge. Worker stuck inside, not injured. @KitchFire bringing in aerial truck to extricate worker. Lanes closed pending bridge inspection. ^lb pic.twitter.com/uKOAyNnTbQ — Sgt Kerry Schmidt (@OPP_HSD) July 4, 2018
Police said the operator of the excavator was trapped inside the vehicle under the bridge. The Kitchener fire department had been contacted and was said to be bringing an aerial truck to free the trapped worker.
Ball says that engineers are currently on scene to investigate the structural integrity of the bridge.
As poultry products from Luzon have been temporarily banned from the Visayas and Mindanao area due to the Avian flu outbreak in Pampanga, migratory birds, which are possible carriers of the virus, are also being closely monitored by the Department of Agriculture (DA) and the Cebu City
Department of Veterinary Medicine and Fisheries (DVMF).
The migratory birds are usually in Olango Island and in Barangays Mambaling and Pardo in Cebu City.
ADVERTISEMENT
City Veterinarian Dr. Alice Utlang said they have conducted blood sampling on the chickens in these areas and so far the results have been good, and no cases of bird flu have been found in these areas.
At the same time, the sale and consumption of chicken meat is being closely inspected, said Utlang.
“We are focusing on meat inspection. We doubled out efforts than the usual. Not only in the city, even in the province. We are required to conduct active surveillance,” she told Cebu Daily News.
The National Meat Inspection Service (NMIS) of DA also issued an alert order to all NMIS regional technical directors, veterinarians from local government units, and meat inspectors to declare a “Heightened Alert on Meat Inspection” in all poultry dressing plants.
They were also directed to organize a “Task Force Bantay AI” in their respective areas of jurisdiction and increase visibility or presence of meat regulatory enforcers.
The order was issued by executive director Dr. Ernesto Gonzales.
Meantime DA Regional Director Salva Diputado appealed to the public to report unusual deaths of chickens, ducks, quails and other poultry aninals.
“Ang unang sintomas gyud ani sa mga manok kay kung mamatay ni. Ikaduha, kung unusual ang iyang kamatayon o dili normal. Mao nga importante nga kung dunay makit-an nga unusual nga kamatayon sa manok, i-report dayon sa mga hingtundan, sa inyong munisipyo ba kaha o sa probinsya,” Diputado said.
(The first symptom for chickens is really death, and second if the death is unusual. That is why it is important to immediately report unusual deaths of chickens to the municipal or provincial authorities.)
Suppliers
Some suppliers of meat who get their stocks from Luzon for distribution in Cebu have also called the DVMF, according to Utlang.
“We are happy that these suppliers that source their supply from Manila called our office to ask for advise. We told them that all supplies as of August are not allowed here. If there are supplies before August, that's okay,” she said.
These suppliers deliver to supermarkets, and fastfood chains in Cebu City.
In the province, Governor Hilario Davide III assured that all poultry products sold in the markets around the province are sourced from local farmers.
Nonetheless, he alerted all the hospitals in the province to be on the lookout for unusual illnesses or death.
“But we're not taking any chances. That's why, as soon as the news broke out, I told our provincial health office (Dr. Rene Catan) to alert our hospitals,” the governor said.
Movement
The Bureau of Animal Industry (BAI) of the DA central office issued an amended memorandum circular yesterday providing that while movement of live domestic and wild birds, including poultry meat, day-old chicks, eggs, semen, manure, and other products from Luzon to the Visayas and Mindanao is still not allowed, products from the Visayas and Mindanao can be brought to Luzon.
“Since Visayas and Mindanao remain free from Avian Influenza, the movement of live poultry, poultry meat, day-old chicks, eggs, semen, and other products from Visayas and Mindanao to Luzon will be allowed,” read the memorandum circular signed by Enrico Garzon Jr., chief veterinary officer and assistant secretary for livestock of the DA-BAI.
Movement of poultry products within Luzon is also allowed as long as it is outside the seven-kilometer radius control area of Pampanga.
There are also conditions for the Luzon-to-Luzon transport. A shipping permit and a veterinary health certificate certifying that these products were sourced from farms with no incidence of Avian Influenza for the past 21 days prior to shipment are needed for live domestic and wild birds like chickens, ducks, geese, quails, doves, and pigeons.
Poultry meat, including fresh, frozen meat, uncooked poultry products, also requires a shipping permit and a meat inspection certificate.
“The temporary ban will be lifted when there are no new cases reported 90 days after the stamping out activity including disinfection of all infected areas and surveillance,” the memo added.
France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris has backed Paul Pogba to prove his worth at Manchester United after being subject to considerable criticism in his first season back in the Premier League.
REUTERS: France goalkeeper Hugo Lloris has backed Paul Pogba to prove his worth at Manchester United after being subject to considerable criticism in his first season back in the Premier League.
Midfielder Pogba re-joined United for a world record fee of 89 million pounds in August 2016 but his performances in the ensuing campaign underwhelmed some of the Old Trafford faithful.
Tottenham Hotspur keeper Lloris believes that Pogba's impressive performance in France's 3-2 win over England on Tuesday showcased his true ability.
"Maybe he had some things to prove, because he belongs to one of the best clubs in the world and he plays in the Premier League, and he has to show his level," the 30-year-old told The Telegraph.
"Against England, he was fantastic and as a midfielder he helped the team a lot to manage the ball. I have no doubt that he will get better and better."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lloris also said that France had to combine the natural ability in the squad with plenty of hard work if they were to win the World Cup for a second time next year.
"The talent is not enough," Lloris said. "You need to work, to work hard as a team, individually too, especially at this level.
"We need to improve as a team, because when there will be some pressure in an important game, we need to be able to get the possession of the ball better, to be stronger too and to manage the rhythm of the game.
"We have a lot of players who are very unpredictable, because in one versus one they can make the difference... that's one skill for our national team. But that's not enough, to be very competitive and to have ambition to win trophies."
Lloris is expected to return to action for Tottenham when they play Paris St Germain in the International Champions Cup on July 23.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
The Progressive Conservative candidate in Elgin-Middlesex-London took some heat for his party's lack of platform during Global News Radio 980 CFPL's fourth and final provincial election debate.
Jeff Yurek said his party would release its platform “in due time,” after drawing criticism Wednesday from New Democrat candidate Amanda Stratton for his position on high-speed rail.
“The candidate for Elgin-Middlesex says that the PC party is committed to expanding that environmental assessment. Doug Ford's candidates in other areas aren't saying that. They're saying something quite different, and we don't have platform to look at,” Stratton said.
READ MORE: Doug Ford open to letting Londoners choose the transit they want
“I'm not sure who we should trust, in terms of what the PC party is committed to,” Stratton said.
Liberal candidate Carlie Forsythe and Green Party candidate Bronagh Morgan also attended the debate, hosted by 980 CFPL's Craig Needles.
“I'd love to see the NDP come out with a costing for its hydro plan,” Yurek fought back against Stratton, pointing to the $7-billion dollar gap in the NDP‘s budget.
“There's not a $7-billion dollar hole in our platform,” said Stratton, drawing the conversation back to when the PC's would release a platform.
READ MORE: Fact check: Did the NDP make a mistake worth $7B in their budget?
“The election is in eight days, people are already voting. I know I'm new to this, but you've been here longer. Have you ever seen a major party not have a platform eight days before an election?”
“There have been parties out there that have done that, Stephen Harper did that in 2006,” Yurek responded. “People I'm talking to are happy with the announcements we're making. There's a cost associated with them, and the full platform — when we're done doing our announcements — will be out in due time before the vote on June 7.”
Yurek commented on the impact high speed rail would have on Elgin-Middlesex-London, saying it would “destroy farmland” and “split communities.”
Morgan, of the Green Party, emphasized support for Yurek's approach to high-speed rail, and said she'd like to build on existing transit infrastructure instead, like VIA rail, to mitigate environmental impact.
Forsythe said the Liberal party was the only party with a commitment to high-speed rail, and that she'd “love to advocate” for more public consultation at Queen's Park.
Given the opportunity to defend her party's approach to health care, Forsythe said the Liberals would invest in hospitals, home care, long-term care homes, mental health care and addiction support services, and expanding OHIP plus to seniors.
Stratton, meanwhile, touted New Democrats “holistic and comprehensive” approach to health care that isn't just about adding health care beds.
WATCH: NDP government unveils new health care plan
Ontario election
“It's about starting at the beginning,” Stratton said. “It's about making sure people can get the drugs that they need so that they're staying healthy, that they can get the health care they need, by including oral health as part of our health care system.”
Yurek said the PCs would emphasize youth mental health support services, noting that resources in Elgin-Middlesex are verging on bankruptcy, while Morgan spoke of a need to “radically shift” the focus towards preventative health care.
You can watch the full debate here, or you can listen to the full debate here.
Voters will head to the polls on June 7.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A power cut is affecting hundreds of homes in Scunthorpe this evening.
Electricity provider Northern Powergrid say 290 homes in the Ashby area are currently without power.
Teams are working to restore power as quickly as possible, which is affecting properties around the Lincoln Gardens area.
Northern Powergrid say the power cut has been caused by an unexpected problem with the cables or equipment in the area.
The power cut was reported at 3.29pm today and engineers are hoping to restore power by 5.45pm.
A resident contacted the Telegraph to say the Cherry Grove area of Ashby is without power.
A message on Northern Powergrid's website says: "The power cut affecting your property has been caused by an unexpected problem with the cables or equipment that serve your area."
For comedy luminaries Judd Apatow and Seth Rogen, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment's recent announcement that it will release "clean" versions of some of its films is no laughing matter. And now the Directors Guild of America is joining their outcry.
In a statement Tuesday, the DGA objected to Sony's recently launched Clean Version initiative, which allows viewers to screen versions of 24 of the studio's films that have been edited to remove offensive language, sexual innuendo or graphic violence, saying that such "unauthorized alternation" violates the guild's master contract with the studios.
“Directors have the right to edit their feature films for every nontheatrical platform, plain and simple,” the DGA said. “Taking a director's edit for one platform, and then releasing it on another — without giving the director the opportunity to edit — violates our agreement. Throughout the years, the DGA has achieved hard-fought creative rights gains protecting our members from such practices.
"As creators of their films, directors often dedicate years of hard work to realize their full vision, and they rightfully have a vested interest in protecting that work. We are committed to vigorously defending against the unauthorized alteration of films.”
Apatow — who produced two films on the list, "Step Brothers" and "Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby" — took to Twitter to protest the idea in decidedly less clean language, saying the studio could "shove the clean versions" where the proverbial sun doesn't shine.
On June 7, Sony announced that the broadcast TV or airline versions of two dozen films, including all five “Spider-Man” films, dramas such as "Captain Phillips" and "Moneyball," and comedies such as "Big Daddy,” "Easy A” and “Ghostbusters," will be made available alongside the original versions when a consumer purchases the original versions on iTunes, Vudu and FandangoNow.
Sony has defended the program, which it plans to expand, by asserting that the clean versions are not being sold separately but only as extra features when viewers purchase the uncut theatrical versions of the films and that the use of the preexisting clean edits was discussed in advance with each director or their representatives.
Rogen, who has made several R-rated comedies at the studio, including "This Is the End" and "Sausage Party," was the first to publicly voice opposition to the plan, tweeting last week, "please don't do this to our movies" — with an expletive added for emphasis.
A 48-year-old man convicted of driving a van into pedestrians near a mosque in north London's Finsbury Park area was sentenced to a minimum of 43 years in prison on Friday.
London's Woolwich Crown Court sentenced Darren Osborne, who killed a 51-year-old man and injured nine others in the late-night attack in June, to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 43 years.
Osborne, from the Welsh capital of Cardiff, was convicted of terrorism-related murder and attempted murder, despite his denial of the charges.
Prosecutors and police said he was motivated by a hatred of Muslims and wanted to kill as many people as possible.
“From our investigation, it was clear that Osborne had planned to come to London with the intention of carrying out an attack against the Muslim community,” Metropolitan Police Commander Dean Haydon said.
Sue Hemming, head of counter-terrorism for the Crown Prosecution Service, said prosecutors had been been “clear throughout that this was a terrorist attack.”
“Darren Osborne planned and carried out this attack because of his hatred of Muslims,” Hemming said.
“He later invented an unconvincing story to counter the overwhelming weight of evidence, but the jury has convicted him,” she said.
Osborne was initially detained by bystanders after the attack with a hired van near Finsbury Park Mosque as worshippers were leaving late-night prayers.
Makram Ali, a Bangladesh-born local man, died of multiple injuries after his legs were crushed under the van.
He had been sitting on the pavement receiving medical attention when the vehicle ran over him.
KUALA LUMPUR: The Singapore U-22 football team kicked off their 2017 Southeast Asian (SEA) Games campaign with a disappointing 2-0 defeat to Myanmar on Monday afternoon (Aug 14).
A double from Myanmar striker Aung Thu has put a serious dent in Singapore's hopes of qualifying from their group and into the semi-finals.
In a match played in slight rainy conditions at the Selayang stadium near Kuala Lumpur, the Lions started nervously, with many of their passes going astray.
Myanmar looked the more dangerous side and winger Si Thu Aung's volley just past the half-hour mark would have found the top corner if not for Amirul Adli's brave block inside the penalty box.
Relentless pressure being applied by Myanmar onto #TeamSG🇸🇬. Can the Young Lions withstand the 1st half onslaught? https://t.co/MzWRu5qJzD pic.twitter.com/CfrwfhnXYl — Noor Farhan (@NoorFarhanCNA) August 14, 2017
Advertisement
Advertisement
Seconds before half-time, a deflected shot that bounced off Amirul and Irfan Fandi fell to Myanmar's Aung Thu who found himself in space in the penalty box.
And the striker made no mistake, coolly slotting the ball just below the body of goalkeeper Zharfan Rohaizad. The score was 1-0 at the break.
Plenty for #TeamSG🇸🇬 to ponder about at the half time break as they currently trail by a goal against Myanmar ⚽ https://t.co/MzWRu5qJzD pic.twitter.com/uhSaexrdFH — Noor Farhan (@NoorFarhanCNA) August 14, 2017
Determined for a comeback, Singapore was quick off the blocks at the start of the second half. Long-range strikes from Ikhsan Fandi, Ilyas Lee and Hami Syahin all narrowly missed the goal.
Then came the sucker punch.
Just past the hour mark, Myanmar's Mg Mg Lwin's nifty footwork down the right flank left the Singapore defence flat-footed. His low cross was then flicked in neatly by Aung Thu to double his tally, and Myanmar's lead.
The goal drew cheers from the 3,210 people in the stands, which was largely made up of Myanmar fans.
Sizeable #Myanmar crowd here at Selayang to cheer on their team in their game against 🇸🇬 at #KL2017 ⚽ https://t.co/MzWRu5qJzD pic.twitter.com/owKA8bofqQ — Noor Farhan (@NoorFarhanCNA) August 14, 2017
Stunned by the goal, Singapore tried to peg one back but their efforts were in vain.
A superb bicycle kick from Ikhsan from a corner sailed over the bar as Myanmar frustrated the Lions by putting 10 men behind the ball.
After this opening day defeat, the Lions will next face hosts Malaysia in a heavily anticipated causeway derby on Wednesday evening (Aug 16).
Anything less than a victory in that crucial game will deal a heavy blow to Singapore's chances of making it to the next round.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – On their Western Canada road trip, where they strung together three straight wins, the Sabres scored 11 goals.
They were hoping that success continued when they returned to KeyBank Center for a five game homestand.
Three games in, the Sabres have scored three goals and were shutout on Saturday in 1-0 loss to the St. Louis Blues.
Carl Gunnarsson fired home what proved to be the game-winning game with 5:45 remaining in the third, whipping the puck toward the net from just inside the blue line.
The Sabres had plenty of opportunities to bury the equalizer later in the game: Jack Eichel, who is now scoreless in his last four games, couldn't bury a one-time with 1:44 remaining in the third. As the puck bounced around the boards to Kyle Okposo, the winger also failed to connect on the rebound, sending the puck wide of the net.
In the final seconds, Sam Reinhart had a wide open net to the left side of the Blues netminder Carter Hutton, but sent the puck to the boards. With three seconds on the clock, Rasmus Ristolainen's shot zipped off the cross bar and out to center ice, preventing the Sabres a rebound opportunity as time expired.
The Blue and Gold return to action on Tuesday when they host the Ducks.
VILLERS-BRETONNEUX, France: The prime ministers of France and Australia urged their countries never to forget the horrors of World War I on Tuesday (Apr 24), as they opened a high-tech museum dedicated to the 295,000 Australians who volunteered on the Western Front.
A hundred years to the day since the key battle of Villers-Bretonneux in which Australian, British and French troops served alongside each other, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull paid tribute to his country's war dead.
"Both our countries lost the finest of their generation in this dreadful conflict," Turnbull told French premier Edouard Philippe as they opened the Sir John Monash Centre, a new museum in the Somme region of northern France that became synonymous with the wartime slaughter.
"We must remember all of this - especially our nations' leaders - reminding us why we always strive to resolve conflict."
Turnbull spoke after he and his wife Lucy laid flowers at the grave of her great-uncle, an army doctor who died in his brothers' arms aged 26.
The €63-million (US$76-million) museum, at the Australian National Memorial just outside Villers-Bretonneux, uses life-size videos of soldiers and a 360-degree cinema to showcase the role of Australian troops.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Lord of the Rings" director Peter Jackson advised on the filming of scenes for its video displays, which were shot in Australia, France and New Zealand to bring the experience of trench warfare to life.
Its inauguration came as thousands of Australians flocked to the Somme ahead of a dawn ceremony at the memorial on Wednesday to mark Anzac Day, Australia's national day of remembrance.
"You walk through the graveyards and see that they're 19, they're 20. It breaks your heart to see it," said Greg Henderson, a salesman from Brisbane.
He came to honour his great-grandfather Charles Joseph Mackie, who died at nearby Proyart.
Henderson will be among some 8,000 Australians marking the special centenary Anzac Day at the memorial, where Turnbull, Philippe and Britain's Prince Charles are set to give speeches.
FAR FROM HOME
German troops seized Villers-Bretonneux on Apr 24, 1918, in a major westward push towards the end of the war.
But Australian and British troops, backed by French forces, launched a counter-offensive, stopping the German advance towards the strategic city of Amiens.
Over the course of the war, some 46,000 Australian troops died and more than 130,000 were injured - huge losses for a nation whose population was only five million at the time.
Only one soldier's identified body was ever repatriated to Australia, where the country's war losses remain deeply ingrained in the national identity.
Philippe told the museum's opening ceremony that France had a duty to remember those who died on its soil so far from home.
"We have to tell their stories, and again and again show the young faces of these men who lost their youth in the mud of the trenches," he said. "We will never forget their sacrifice."
The museum, which opened to the public earlier this month, is named after Australian general John Monash.
Visitors can enter a recreation of the trenches, view soldiers' diaries, photographs and letters and watch archive footage on hundreds of screens.
FREE THE NIPPLE
Ellie Goulding is the latest star to fall prey to the celeb nip slip
Nipples are pesky things, aren't they? It seems like barely a days go by when we're not confronted with a new celeb nip slip snap…
Of course, there's nothing wrong with flashing a little nip, as the #freethenipple movement has made quite clear.
But something tells us some celebs might have preferred to reveal a little less than they did in these pics!
Ellie Goulding is the latest star to reveal what lies beneath. The Still Falling For You singer gave the paps an eyeful as she went bra-free in a red sweater whilst attending the Stella McCartney show at Paris Fashion Week on Monday. Oo-er!
And when Ellie shared some snaps of herself at the show on Instagram, some fans couldn't resist commenting. One said, ‘Love the no bra trend', whilst another added: ‘I love nipples.' You and us both!
MORE: WHOA PICTURES! See celebrity boobs on the loose
READ MORE CELEBRITY NEWS HERE
Little Mix star Perrie Edwards is another celeb who isn't afraid to show off her bod. The girlband member recently shared a snap featuring some very prominent nips whilst sunning herself on a boat. Jealous, us? Well, yeah as it happens.
Meanwhile, stars who've fallen prey to the celebrity nip slip including Mariah Carey at this year's Vanity Pair post-Oscars party, Gigi Hadid on the Versace catwalk and Caroline Flack at the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards. D'oh!
Check out these and more celeb nip slip pics – including Lottie Moss, Christina Milian, Bella Hadid and more – in the gallery below…
BERLIN: German Chancellor Angela Merkel is steering clear of the World Economic Forum in Davos, a meeting expected to be dominated by debate over the looming presidency of Donald Trump and rising public anger with elites and globalisation.
Merkel has been a regular at the annual gathering of political leaders, CEOs and celebrities, travelling to the snowy resort in the Swiss Alps seven times since becoming chancellor in 2005.
But her spokesman told Reuters she had decided not to attend for a second straight year. This year's conference runs from Jan. 17-20 under the banner "Responsive and Responsible Leadership". Trump's inauguration coincides with the last day of the conference.
"It's true that a Davos trip was being considered, but we never confirmed it, so this is not a cancellation," the spokesman said.
It is the first time Merkel has missed Davos two years in a row since taking office over 11 years ago and her absence may come as a disappointment to the organisers because her reputation as a steady, principled leader fits well with the theme of this year's conference.
The German government declined to say what scheduling conflict was preventing her from attending, nor would it say whether the decision might be linked to the truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market that killed 12 people in mid-December.
But after the Brexit vote in Britain and the election of Trump were attributed to rising public anger with the political establishment and globalisation, leaders may be more reluctant than usual to travel to a conference at a plush ski resort that has become synonymous with the global elite.
TRUMP
One European official suggested that the prospect of having to address questions about Trump days before he enters the White House might also have dissuaded Merkel, whose politics is at odds with the president-elect on a broad range of issues, from immigration and trade, to Russia and climate change.
During the U.S. election campaign, Trump described Merkel's refugee policies as "insane".
Like Merkel, French President Francois Hollande, who announced in early December that he would not seek a second term next year, will not be in Davos.
The WEF had also hoped to lure Matteo Renzi, but he resigned as Italian prime minister last month. European leaders that are expected include Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and Enda Kenny of Ireland. British Prime Minister Theresa May could also be there.
Although the WEF does not comment on which leaders it is expecting until roughly a week before the meeting, the star attraction is expected to be Xi Jinping, the first Chinese president to attend.
Members of President-elect Donald Trump's team, including Davos regulars like former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn and fund manager Anthony Scaramucci, are also expected. WEF Chairman Klaus Schwab was invited to Trump Tower last month, although the purpose of the visit was unclear.
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen, who was elected to the WEF board of trustees last year, is expected to attend, as are senior ministers from a range of other European countries, as well as top figures from the European Commission.
(Reporting by Noah Barkin)
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Most motorcycle industry veterans are painfully aware that their business model is broken.
New riders are not coming into the sport as fast as old riders are aging out of it.
Bonnier Motorcycle Group, which publishes 11 moto-centric titles including Cycle World, Motorcyclist and Dirt Rider magazines, sponsors several events a year that are designed to reverse the trend.
The most recent was the Adventure Rally, held in California's Sierra Nevada mountains at the China Peak ski resort. More than 150 motorcyclists interested in “adventure” riding — which typically involves a mixture of on-road and off-road travel, on machines designed to function well on all terrains — showed up.
The event is a moneymaker for Bonnier, which charges participants $400 apiece for three days of riding, instruction and product displays, and three nights of dining, drinking and dispensing of swag.
Bonnier's director of consumer engagement, Corey Eastman, who for the last several years has overseen the California rally and a similar event in Colorado, said the event is profitable at a time when readership and advertising are dropping for most motorcycle publications.
“As a publishing company, we have to find new ways to create revenue,” Eastman said. “This is a way to break down the fourth wall and really meet the consumer.”
Charles Fleming / Los Angeles Times Higher rally points were given for waystations that were far from camp or difficult to reach. This spot, near the peak of Bald Mountain, was a high score location. Higher rally points were given for waystations that were far from camp or difficult to reach. This spot, near the peak of Bald Mountain, was a high score location. (Charles Fleming / Los Angeles Times)
Eastman said the event was partly underwritten by sponsors, which this year included motorcycle manufacturers Honda and BMW, insurer Geico, riding academy RawHyde Adventures (see related story) and equipment and apparel manufacturers Bell, Alpinestars, Galfer, Moose Racing, MotionPro and TCX.
The sponsors were attracted by the concentrated gathering of highly motivated consumers who, according to Bonnier research, are much more likely to buy bikes and gear following a rally event.
A “participant study” from Bonnier's two 2016 rallies showed that 70% of event attendees were 35 to 54 years old, and 79% were male. Their median annual household income was $191,600. Bonnier said.
“We have a captive audience here,” said Troy Siahaan of Alpinestars, which hosted a booth displaying jackets, boots and other apparel. “This is a great opportunity to get them familiar with our product and get direct, immediate feedback.”
Honda brought multiple models to the rally, including some of its African Twin adventure bikes and its small-bore CRF250 Rally.
BMW had a variety of machines on hand, including its niche-leading R1200GSA adventure bike.
Charles Fleming / Los Angeles Times BMW and Honda offered motorcycle test rides at the China Peak location, while manufacturers Alpinestars, Bell, Galfer, MotionPro, TCX, Moose Racing and Rever brought gear and apparel. BMW and Honda offered motorcycle test rides at the China Peak location, while manufacturers Alpinestars, Bell, Galfer, MotionPro, TCX, Moose Racing and Rever brought gear and apparel. (Charles Fleming / Los Angeles Times)
Riders spent two days on self-guided tours of the surrounding mountains, in search of waypoints. Teams of riders were challenged to locate as many specified locations as possible, and collect photographic evidence of having been there to earn riding points — with higher points allotted for locations that were most distant from China Peak, or involving the most difficult terrain.
Gary Guagenti, 41, from Redondo Beach, learned about the rally from a recent Dirt Rider issue and signed up at once. He even went out and bought a second motorcycle so his son Chase, 16, could join him.
Guagenti said he was inspired, after several test rides in the mountains, to consider adding another machine to his stable.
“After this weekend I want to buy an adventure bike,” Guagenti said.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
charles.fleming@latimes.com
@misterfleming
Saturday temperatures soared into the 90s. The highest temperature in the U.S. for February 11, 2017 was in Mangum, Oklahoma at 100 degrees. The temps dropped into the 50s Sunday and Monday. We had a nice rain on Monday and snow on Tuesday. It was big pretty snowflakes and most melted when they hit the ground. Crazy Oklahoma weather, but we are thankful for the moisture. Congratulations to Ashlea, Nehemiah and Tristan Yager on their new baby girl, Cora Ann, born Monday, February 13, 2017.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
Share:
BRUSSELS/BERLIN - China is putting pressure on the European Union to issue a strong joint statement against President Donald Trump's trade policies at a summit later this month but is facing resistance, European officials said.
In meetings in Brussels, Berlin and Beijing, senior Chinese officials, including Vice Premier Liu He and the Chinese government's top diplomat, State Councillor Wang Yi, have proposed an alliance between the two economic powers and offered to open more of the Chinese market in a gesture of goodwill.
One proposal has been for China and the European Union to launch joint action against the United States at the World Trade Organisation. But the European Union, the world's largest trading bloc, has rejected the idea of allying with Beijing against Washington, five EU officials and diplomats told Reuters, ahead of a Sino-European summit in Beijing on July 16-17.
Instead, the summit is expected to produce a modest communique, which affirms the commitment of both sides to the multilateral trading system and promises to set up a working group on modernizing the WTO, EU officials said.
Vice Premier Liu He has said privately that China is ready to set out for the first time what sectors it can open to European investment at the annual summit, expected to be attended by President Xi Jinping, China's Premier Li Keqiang and top EU officials.
Chinese state media has promoted the message that the European Union is on China's side, officials said, putting the bloc in a delicate position. The past two summits, in 2016 and 2017, ended without a statement due to disagreements over the South China Sea and trade.
“China wants the European Union to stand with Beijing against Washington, to take sides,” said one European diplomat. “We won't do it and we have told them that.” China's Foreign Ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Beijing's summit aims.
Despite Trump's tariffs on European metals exports and threats to hit the EU's automobile industry, Brussels shares Washington's concern about China's closed markets and what Western governments say is Beijing's manipulation of trade to dominate global markets.
“We agree with almost all the complaints the US has against China, it's just we don't agree with how the United States is handling it,” another diplomat said.
Still, China's stance is striking given Washington's deep economic and security ties with European nations. It shows the depth of Chinese concern about a trade war with Washington, as Trump is set to impose tariffs on billions of dollars worth of Chinese imports on July 6.
It also underscores China's new boldness in trying to seize leadership amid divisions between the United States and its European, Canadian and Japanese allies over issues including free trade, climate change and foreign policy. “Trump has split the West, and China is seeking to capitalize on that. It was never comfortable with the West being one bloc,” said a European official involved in EU-China diplomacy.
“China now feels it can try to split off the European Union in so many areas, on trade, on human rights,” the official said.
Another official described the dispute between Trump and Western allies at the Group of Seven summits last month as a gift to Beijing because it showed European leaders losing a long-time ally, at least in trade policy.
European envoys say they already sensed a greater urgency from China in 2017 to find like-minded countries willing to stand up against Trump's “America First” policies.
A report by New York-based Rhodium Group, a research consultancy, in April showed that Chinese restrictions on foreign investment are higher in every single sector save real estate, compared to the European Union, while many of the big Chinese takeovers in the bloc would not have been possible for EU companies in China.
China has promised to open up. But EU officials expect any moves to be more symbolic than substantive.
They say China's decision in May to lower tariffs on imported cars will make little difference because imports make up such a small part of the market. China's plans to move rapidly to electric vehicles mean that any new benefits it offers traditional European carmakers will be fleeting.
“Whenever the train has left the station we are allowed to enter the platform,” a Beijing-based European executive said.
However, China's offer at the upcoming summit to open up reflects Beijing's concern that it is set to face tighter EU controls, and regulators are also blocking Chinese takeover attempts in the United States.
The European Union is seeking to pass legislation to allow greater scrutiny of foreign investments.
“We don't know if this offer to open up is genuine yet,” a third EU diplomat said. “It's unlikely to mark a systemic change.”
By election result 2018 LIVE updates: On Thursday, the counting of votes will take place in different assemblies and Lok Sabha seats across the country, including for the crucial Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha bypolls. The results of these two Lok Sabha seats are important for all four major political parties—BJP, Shiv Sena, Congress and NCP—as the outcome is likely to have a bearing on their future course.
"The counting of votes will start from 8 am in both the constituencies on Thursday. The final percentage of votes in Bhandara-Gondia will be revised late in the evening after the re-polling in 49 booths in the constituency ends," an election officer said.
While 53.22 percent of the 1.73 crore electorate exercised their franchise in Palghar, in Bhandara-Gondia, 53.15 percent of the total 1.76 crore voters cast their votes on Monday.
The voting was marred by allegations of malfunctioning in electronic voting machines (EVMs).
The Election Commission (EC) on Tuesday ordered re-polling at 49 booths in five of the six Assembly segments in Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha constituency on Wednesday, after allegations of malfunctioning of EVMs and VVPATs.
Former Union minister Praful Patel claimed that almost 25 percent of EVMs malfunctioned in the bypoll to Bhandara-Gondia Lok Sabha seat, while Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut said those in power were contesting elections while keeping the "key and remote of EVMs in their hands".
Abhimanyu Kale, the district collector of Gondia, was transferred on Wednesday after the Lok Sabha by-election there was marred by large scale complaints of malfunctioning of the EVMs.
An FIR was filed against a polling officer in Palghar as he transported some EVMs to the counting centre in a private car against norms, after voting for the Palghar Lok Sabha bypoll ended.
The by-election in Palghar was necessitated due to death of sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanaga. The Bhandara-Gondia seat was vacated after BJP's Nana Patole resigned from the party and quit his Lok Sabha membership.
As many as 25 candidates were in the fray for the two LS seats: 18 in Bhandara-Gondia and seven in Palghar. Both the seats are crucial for the BJP. The saffron party locked horns with the NCP to retain the Bhandara-Gondia seat, while in Palghar it is locked in a fierce battle with its estranged ally Shiv Sena, despite the contest being five-cornered.
Retaining Bhandara-Gondia is important for the BJP since its MP Nana Patole had quit the party in December 2017 and later joined the Congress. Stakes are also high in Palghar as Shiv Sena has fielded Sriniwas Wanaga, son of late BJP MP Chintaman Wanaga.
The BJP had roped in Union minister Smriti Irani Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath for the campaign. In Bhandara-Gondia, the NCP had fielded Madhukar Kukde, while the BJP had nominated Hemant Patle. Although there are total of 18 candidates in Bhandara-Gondia, the main contest is between the BJP and the NCP.
Congress leaders in the constituency are miffed that the party gave the seat to NCP despite Nana Patole returning to the Congress fold. Patole had defeated NCP leader Praful Patel in 2014. Patel has represented the seat earlier in the Lok Sabha.
The BJP represents five of the six Assembly segments in the Lok Sabha constituency: Tumsar, Bhandara, Sakoli, Arjuni Morgaon, Tirora, while Gopaldas Agarwal of Congress represents Gondia.
In Punjab, the Shahkot Assembly bypoll results, which will be out on Thursday, is being seen as a popularity test for the 14-month-old Congress government in Punjab, with Opposition SAD striving to retain its stronghold. The bypoll was necessitated following the demise of Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) MLA Ajit Singh Kohar in February.
While the SAD is striving to retain its pocket borough from where Kohar was elected five times, the results for the ruling Congress in Punjab is being seen as a barometer for the popularity of the 14-month-old Amarinder Singh dispensation. During the bypoll, the Opposition party had accused the Congress of misusing official machinery against political opponents.
The AAP, which faced a humiliating defeat in the Gurdaspur Lok Sabha bypoll and civic polls, is desperately looking for a victory in Shahkot. The Congress is confident of maintaining the winning momentum by wresting the seat from rival SAD.
Over 76 percent of 1.72 lakh voters had exercised their franchise for the Shahkot bypoll on 28 May where the Congress, the SAD and the AAP were locked in a triangular battle.
The other bypoll seats where the results are expected on Thursday are Bihar's Jokihat Assembly seat where the main candidates are JD-U's Murshid Alam, RJD's Shahnawaz Alam and an Independent candidate Mohammad Shabbir and Jharkhand's Silli and Gomia seat.
In Silli Assembly seat, Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) candidate Seema Mahto faces ruling NDA constituent All Jharkhand Students Union (AJSU) president Sudesh Mahto and in Gomia, the BJP and the AJUS are fighting separately. The BJP has fielded former minister Madavlal Singh and AJSU has fielded Lambodar Mahto who was a state government employee. The JMM has fielded Babita Devi, wife of Yogendra Mahto who was disqualified as legislator after he was convicted in a case and sentenced to two years in jail.
Meanwhile, in the east, bypoll in West Bengal's Maheshtala Assembly seat was held following the death of Trinamool Congress MLA Kasturi Das. The party has fielded her husband Dulal Das, while the BJP, which is trying to emerge as the main challenger to the rulign TMC, has fielded Sujit Ghosh, a former CBI joint director. The Left has nominated Prabhat Chowdhury.
The results of the Ampati Assembly in Meghalaya will be interesting as it witnessed a triangular contest, where Miani D Shira, the daughter of Leader of Opposition Mukul Sangma, is the Congress candidate, Clement G Momin is the nominee of the ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance while Subhankar Koch is the Independent contestant.
The by-election in this constituency was necessitated after Sangma resigned from the seat as he had won from Songsak seat as well in the February 27 Assembly election.
Down south, in Kerala's Chengannur, the battle is largely between the ruling CPM, the main Opposition Congress and the BJP. The BJP has just one MLA in Kerala, and it is seeking to expand its support base in the state where politics has been dominated by the CPM-led Left Democratic Front and Congress headed United Democratic Front for decades.
Click here to follow LIVE updates on Kairana, Noorpur bypolls' results
0 Twitter users propose ‘Roseanne' reboot without Barr
Some Twitter users are hoping the “Roseanne” reboot will come back without the title character.
ABC canceled the second season of the sitcom reboot after Roseanne Barr, the comedian who plays the titular character of the show, posted a racist tweet about former top Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett.
>> Read more trending news
Barr tweeted numerous apologies for the offending May 29 tweet, which read, “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had baby=vj.” Soon after, she said she would leave Twitter, but came back and blamed the sedative Ambien for her tweet. She also urged fans not to boycott ABC, but maintained that she would defend herself.
The Huffington Post reported that fans of the show, which originally ran from 1988 to 1997, have expressed support for cast members who are now out of a job because of Barr's actions.
Some tweeted that the reboot should return, but without the character Roseanne Conner.
There are a lot of good, talented folks that work on the Roseanne show. I say write off the lead character and let everyone else keep coming to work to do their jobs. — Clay Renfroe (@ClayRenfroe) May 29, 2018 Channing “not on my watch” Dungey!👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
If only the rest of our leaders would not allow hatred and racism to thrive.
That said... perhaps the rest of the cast and crew could get their own show. Minus the hate and ignorance from that one cast member — Meredith Salenger (@MeredthSalenger) May 29, 2018 Call it "Not Roseanne" and set the show in an inner city hardware store the Connor family won after Roseanne died in a horrible key duplicating accident. — Jeffrey Mumford (@HasardJardinier) May 30, 2018
Actor and writer Mindy Kaling even offered to write for actors Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman, who play Roseanne Conner's sister, Jackie, and husband, Dan, respectively.
Laurie Metcalf and John Goodman let me write things for you — Mindy Kaling (@mindykaling) May 30, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
MOSCOW: Russia is committed to honouring its international obligations, including in relation to missiles, the Kremlin said on Wednesday, responding to reports it had violated a treaty with the United States by deploying a new ground-based missile.
"Russia has been and remains committed to its international commitments, including to the treaty in question," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in a daily telephone briefing.
"Nobody has formally accused Russia of violating the treaty," he said.
On Tuesday, media reported, citing U.S. officials, that Russia had deployed a ground-launched cruise missile despite U.S. complaints that this violated an arms control treaty banning ground-based U.S. and Russian intermediate-range missiles.
(Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; Writing by Alessandra Prentice; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Cardiff City struck twice late on through Lee Tomlin and Joe Bennett to salvage a point as the Championship title challengers recovered from two goals down to draw 2-2 at Reading on Monday.
REUTERS: Cardiff City struck twice late on through Lee Tomlin and Joe Bennett to salvage a point as the Championship title challengers recovered from two goals down to draw 2-2 at Reading on Monday.
Second-placed Cardiff have 44 points from 21 games and now trail leaders Wolverhampton Wanderers by four points.
Visiting defender Callum Paterson put the ball into his own net in the 16th minute after misjudging a corner and Jaap Stam's Reading doubled their lead four minutes before halftime with a deflected Mo Barrow shot from the edge of the area.
Frustrated Cardiff manager Neil Warnock was sent to the stands after 77 minutes for appearing to complain to the fourth official about decisions going against his side but with defeat looking likely they managed to claw their way into the match.
Bennett halved the deficit with a volley in the 83rd minute before close-season signing Tomlin's late strike hit the underside of the bar and landed over the line.
The ball had bounced back out of the goal but referee Steve Martin gave it after being informed by goal-line technology.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Reading captain Paul McShane almost secured victory for the home side in the dying seconds but his header hit the post.
(Reporting by Christian Radnedge; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Is bug spray helping people get on high on Indy's east side?
The answer is yes according to Indianapolis firefighter Scott Lebherz who spoke exclusively to IndyStar. According to him, KD, which is a common name for various street drugs, can take many forms — marijuana, spice, tobacco, even banana leaves — but shares a common trait: all laced with a heavy-duty bug spray, like Raid.
Via Indy Star
It's cheap — you can buy a bag for about $20, Lebherz said — and it gives users a 45-minute, zombie-like high that leaves them nearly catatonic.
“You look at what it does to a bug,” he said, “and then you got to think what it's doing to your brain, and your body and everything else.”
Daniel Rusyniak, the medical director of the Indiana Poison Center told IndyStar, despite likely knowing the dangers of ingesting bug spray, people who are most likely to do so are those who already are struggling with deep addiction and abuse issues.
Plus, the officers can't arrest someone for possessing a household substance like bug spray, IMPD Sgt. Chris Wilburn told IndyStar.
Via Indy Star
“If someone sprays a legal substance on something that is harmful to their health,” Wilburn said, “that is not … in their scope to diagnose this person as being a criminal.
Continue Reading Here..
SOURCE: Indy Star | IMAGE CREDIT: Getty
Also On Magic 95.9:
Prosecutors want to make sure a former Broken Arrow school teacher serves time for preying on some of his students.
Image via Kino Lorber.
Italian director Lina Wertmüller has always been framed as a series of contradictions: feminist or “woman hater”; “tyrant or genius”; “odious” or “lovable.” Those descriptions likely mean little to Wertmuller, whose 20-plus films have, like Wertmüller herself, gleefully embraced contradiction, particularly the paradoxes of gender and politics.
Advertisement
In 1976, Wertmüller became the first woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director for her film Seven Beauties (it would be nearly 20 years before another woman—Jane Campion—earned a nomination). Like all of her films, Seven Beauties is an often brutal but compelling mix of politics and sex, exploring everything from survival to female physicality and Italian politics all in the midst of a concentration camp. Seven Beauties came on the heels of other modern classics like The Seduction of Mimi and Swept Away, a film that explores class and privilege and politics, played out in an aggressive relationship between a rich socialite and her communist deckhand as they struggle for power on an abandoned island. The films were proof, to a handful of feminists, at least, that Wertmüller was not one of them. Instead, Wertmüller was labeled, “male chauvinist” for depicting women in brutal situations.
But Wertmüller has never been interested in orthodoxy, and her films have never been interested in the “correct” ways to depict women. Instead, they revel in the clash of socialism and capitalism often played out in personal relationships, particularly in sex. (Wertmüller is a socialist who once called her politics, “more of an attitude than a political belief.”) It's almost funny now to revisit profiles of Wertmüller from the height of her fame in the 1970s; so many seemed confused by Wertmüller's demanding style of directing, confused by her ambition or her commitment to her idiosyncratic vision. They all agree, however, that Wertmüller is a masterful director and that she produced some of the 20th century's most memorable films.
Jezebel spoke to Wertmüller around her retrospective at Quad Cinema, which runs until May 1.
JEZEBEL: You were the first woman to be nominated for an Oscar for Best Director. Can you talk a bit about what that experience was like?
Advertisement
LINA WERTMULLER: The nomination was a big surprise for all of us who made Seven Beauties. It was the first time that a foreign film was nominated for four Academy Awards. I received the news while I was in San Francisco for the shooting of my first American movie, A Night Full of Rain with Giancarlo Giannini and Candice Bergen. I remember how media talked about my nomination. TV news and newspapers talked about a historic event for women. I was a little scared by all the glamor because I've always thought that believing in success can be dangerous for artists.
It was another 20-ish years before another woman was nominated for an Oscar for Best Director. Recently, there's also been a lot of conversation about the lack of women directors in Hollywood. Do you have any thoughts on the gender imbalance among film directors?
Advertisement
Sponsored
I simply think that there's no difference between male and female directors. We are artists and our aim is to make good films. It doesn't depend on your gender. I feel that times are changing; there are many women directors that are very talented and I wish the best to all of them.
As a follow-up: During the span of your career, you were one of the only women making films. What was that experience like—being the lone woman?
I was not the only one, indeed. Before me, there were many pioneer female directors. Since the silent era, we had great filmmakers such as Elvira Notari who was born in Salerno and Alice Guy who grown up at Gaumont. Elvira was one the first directors of all time. She started making films from the very beginning of the century with her own production company.
I have to admit that I've never felt it was a problem that I was one of the few women making films.
Your first big break was working as the assistant director on Federico Fellini's 8½. Can you share some of your experiences working on what's now considered an iconic film?
Advertisement
Federico was a master and a friend to me. The experience was really enlightening. As I always say you can't learn from a director like Fellini, you can just appreciate his way of working because he had no rules. He was free to make changes and take new decisions every time on the set.
When Swept Away was first released, it was met with quite a bit of criticism from feminists who saw the film as unnecessarily violent against your female lead, Mariangela Melato. In hindsight, it seems like a strange criticism that misses the political dimensions of the film. Can you perhaps talk about your feeling about that line of criticism?
Advertisement
I've never understood feminists who criticized Swept Away but when you make a film, people are free to see what they want and can express every feeling the movie opens in their mind and hearts. From my point of view, there's not a message against women's freedom. It's the opposite to me. My leading female character is a free woman, she makes choices following her own will.
On the set of The Seduction of Mimi. Image via Kino Lorber.
There's been a lot of exploration of the relationship between certain actor/actresses and directors (i.e. Herzog and Kinski or Fellini and Mastroianni) and you, of course, made numerous films with Giancarlo Giannini. Could you share a bit about your working relationship with Giannini? What about him made him ideal for your films?
Giancarlo is a very skilled actor. He has an enormous talent that emerges in every film we made together where he plays very different roles. We worked hard to create new characters, reading together the script and by making many days of rehearsals before filming. Our collaboration on a film started many months before shooting. We also used to take one week at least in order to create the right look of the character by making screen tests in 35 mm. Those screen tests were essentials to see the effect of costumes and makeup on the big screen.
Advertisement
Enrico Job, my ingenious husband who was set and costume designer of our films, was also a key figure in that process.
Since this interview comes during a retrospective of your work, I wanted to ask you about legacy. In particular, what do you want your legacy as a filmmaker to be?
Advertisement
I don't really think about my legacy. I just hope that my movies will continue to be seen and to be appreciated by new generations.
Remember back in 2008, when Sarah Palin used to talk about the “real America”? She meant rural and small-town residents — white residents, it went without saying — who supposedly embodied the nation's true essence.
She was harshly condemned for those remarks, and rightly so — and not just because the real, real America is a multiracial, multicultural land of great metropolitan areas as well as small towns. More fundamentally, what makes America America is that it is built around an idea: the idea that all men are created equal, and are entitled to basic human rights. Take away that idea and we're just a giant version of a two-bit autocracy.
President Trump during his statement to reporters about the events in Charlottesville, Va., on Saturday. Credit Al Drago for The New York Times
And maybe that is what we have, in fact, become. For Donald Trump's refusal to condemn the murderous white supremacists in Charlottesville finally confirms what has become increasingly obvious: The current president of the United States isn't a real American.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Record holding diver Cem Karabay, also known as "waterman," breaks a new Guinness World Record for the "longest open saltwater scuba dive (cold water)" during a record attempt organized to celebrate the 21st anniversary of Troy's recognition by UNESCO.Karabay broke the record by staying under the water for 15 hours and 11 minutes, overcoming the previous record held by Norwegian diver Nils-Roar Selnes by one minute.
During the record attempt, he ate, slept and exercised 6 meters underwater, the temperature of which was below 15 degrees Celsius. Karabay also fought with hypothermia to break the record.
Karabay's next goal is to live under cold water for 23 hours and 4 minutes to make history again.
Actor-filmmaker Farhan Akhtar says that it is important to raise awareness about the planet's conservation as that has become one of the critical issues nowadays."Planet conservation is one the most critical issues that we are facing and it is time we raise awareness around this complex challenge," Farhan told IANS."Environmental stewardship is a joint responsibility and to address this, we need more and more people to come forward and work together to contribute towards a sustainable future. On screen, we all love to see an actor performing role of a hero. People too can help defeat such issues and become a real life hero by contributing in initiatives such as Lights, Camera, Earth," he added.National Geographic, the global expounder of planet conservation, kicked off ‘Lights, Camera, Earth' on Earth Day on April 22.It is a storytelling crusade focused on harnessing the power of the word to help build a better tomorrow. Fronted by Farhan, the drive is a call to citizens to save the Earth through stories that spark change in the world.Commenting on this initiative, Swati Mohan, Business Head, National Geographic and Fox Networks Group India, said: " With ‘Lights, Camera, Earth', we wanted to extend this very important mission of planet conservation to our readers, fans and viewers - as we believe that when it comes to a purpose like saving our planet, there are only more stories to be told!"We are thrilled to have one the most celebrated story tellers of our times, Farhan Akhtar, on the jury along with us to help us inspire the next generation of story tellers that will have their stories seen on a national stage."
Gallery Grid 1/22 Chris Juhn 2/22 Chris Juhn 3/22 Chris Juhn 4/22 Chris Juhn 5/22 Chris Juhn 6/22 Chris Juhn 7/22 Chris Juhn 8/22 Chris Juhn 9/22 Chris Juhn 10/22 Chris Juhn 11/22 Chris Juhn 12/22 Chris Juhn 13/22 Chris Juhn 14/22 Chris Juhn 15/22 Chris Juhn 16/22 Chris Juhn 17/22 Chris Juhn 18/22 Chris Juhn 19/22 Chris Juhn 20/22 Chris Juhn 21/22 Chris Juhn 22/22 Chris Juhn
Scenes from City Pages' fourth annual Cocktailian! The event was held Dec. 7 at the Depot in downtown Minneapolis.
STOCKHOLM: A Swedish court of appeal on Wednesday upheld the life imprisonment verdict it gave to a man for genocide during the Rwanda conflict in 1994.
The Svea court of appeal in Stockholm said Claver Berinkindi, a man in his early 60s who sought political asylum in the Nordic country in 2002 and became a citizen 10 years later, was guilty of the murder, attempted murder and kidnapping of several thousand people.
"The court largely agrees with the District court and therefore sentences him to life imprisonment for genocide and gross crime," the court said in a statement.
The court also said Berinkindi should pay damage to victims.
Berinkindi was charged in Sweden in September 2015 and sentenced by Stockholm District court in May last year.
Under Swedish law, courts can try Swedish citizens and other nationals for crimes committed abroad.
(Reporting by Johan Sennero; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
The Vikings are in the rear-view mirror for newly hired Giants coach Pat Shurmur, but his handiwork in Minnesota hasn't been forgotten.
The talented offensive play-caller was named Assistant Coach of the Year by the Associated Press during Saturday's NFL Honors ceremony.
Shurmur authored the NFL's second-ranked offense and helped turn journeyman quarterback Case Keenum into an uber-reliable starter who posted the NFL's highest-passer rating from Week 10 onward and the fifth-best rating in Vikings franchise history.
Shurmur served as a premier play-caller all season and successfully overcame the loss of both quarterback Sam Bradford and sensational rookie runner Dalvin Cook. Those injuries triggered the rise of Keenum along with admirable campaigns on the ground by Latavius Murray and Jerick McKinnon.
Seen league-wide as one of the game's top quarterback tutors, Shurmur also spent two seasons with Super Bowl starter Nick Foles in Philadelphia. For his next trick, the 52-year-old coach will be asked to resurrect a Giants offense that flat-lined this past season to finish with the second-worst record in the NFL.
Along with squeezing at least one more season out of veteran Eli Manning, Shurmur will be tasked with coaching one of the draft's top-flight quarterbacks, assuming the G-Men use the No. 2 overall pick on a signal-caller.
Shurmur's New York gig marks his second time around as a head coach after he flamed out in Cleveland after just two seasons in 2012. Coaching in New York comes packed with pressure, but Shurmur will be fine if he can rapidly flip the switch under center -- a quality he's become known for after this past season's magic.
A joint INTERPOL and European Union project to strengthen security across Jordan has provided frontline officers with direct access to INTERPOL's policing capabilities.
Project Estijab, which means ‘‘response'' in Arabic, saw the expansion of access to I-24/7, INTERPOL's secure global police communications system to frontline officers, including at all 13 border points across the country, in order to assist Jordanian authorities in identifying and preventing security threats.
Law enforcement officers in the field can now conduct real-time queries of INTERPOL's databases of wanted persons, Stolen and Lost Travel Documents and stolen motor vehicles.
Due to its location near to conflict zones in the Middle East, the expansion of access to INTERPOL's databases at Jordan's borders is critical to interdicting foreign terrorist fighters traveling to and from the region.
The nearly three-year project, which received EUR 500,000 in EU funding, culminated with the inauguration of the I-24/7 system at the Queen Alia International Airport in Amman on November 22.
The expanded access to I-24/7, which connects police in all of INTERPOL's 190 member countries, improves the ability of the Jordanian authorities to exchange criminal information with their counterparts worldwide, boosting national, regional and global security.
INTERPOL's SLTD database currently contains some 70 million records provided by 175 countries, making it an important tool in the global fight against transnational crime and terrorism, while countries have searched the database of wanted persons more than 750 million times this year.
Tim Morris, INTERPOL's Executive Director of Police Services, said: “The successful outcomes of this project will be valuable in assisting the national authorities to identify security threats and tackle organized crime and terrorist groups before they can cross borders.”
YouTube Quarterly Report Shows Over 8 million Videos Taken Down in 3 months
YouTube has disclosed it has removed over 8 million videos in the last three months of 2017.
Publishing the first quarterly report following the release of its Community Guidelines, the streaming site said the majority were either spam or people attempting to upload adult content.
The Google-owned site says they “represent a fraction of a percent of YouTube's total views during this time period”.
The published figures do not include content removed for breach of copyright.
6.7 million videos were first flagged for review by machines rather than humans with 76% being taken down before they received a single view.
“At the beginning of 2017, 8 percent of the videos flagged and removed for violent extremism were taken down with fewer than 10 views.3 We introduced machine learning flagging in June 2017. Now more than half of the videos we remove for violent extremism have fewer than 10 views,” YouTube said in a blog post.
A Reporting History dashboard has been introduced so users can individually access to see the status of videos they've flagged to us for review against our Community Guidelines.
By the end of 2018, Google plans to have 10,000 employees focussed on removing unacceptable content.
In order to help the proces, YouTube is asking creators themselves to help identify videos that aren't brand-safe, writes Digiday. YouTube gave them a questionnaire to fill out when uploading a video that declares what inappropriate content the video may include. YouTube tested the self-certification questionnaire with 15 creators, but said it plans to expand the test to a few hundred more creators soon.
Director Partho Ghosh plans sequel to 1996 film Agni Sakshi starring Nana Patekar, Manisha Koirala
Director Partho Ghosh of the 1996 drama Agni Sakshi is planning a sequel to the Jackie Shroff, Nana Patekar and Manisha Koirala-starrer, according to a DNA report.
The film revolves around Madhu, portrayed by Koirala, who escapes the clutches of her psychopath husband and assumes a new identity in a new city. She marries Suraj Kapoor (Shroff), a wealthy man and starts life afresh. However, things take a turn for the worse when her past catches up to her and her ex-husband, essayed by Nana Patekar, comes back into her life.
Ghosh is contemplating revisiting the story of a woman who leaves her dangerously overprotective husband to get a fresh start. None of the original cast will be featured in the film. It will incorporate new faces, the DNA report said.
Patekar's role as the overbearing husband was greatly appreciated and he went on to win the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1997 for Agni Sakshi.
Ghosh's film was based on the 1991 Hollywood hit Sleeping With The Enemy starring Julia Roberts, Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson, adds the DNA report.
Incidentally, two more films around the similar theme — Abbas Mustan's Daraar starring Rishi Kapoor, Juhi Chawla and Arbaaz Khan and David Dhawan's Yaarana with Rishi Kapoor, Madhuri Dixit-Nene and Raj Babbar — were released during the same period.
It is also speculated that Irrfan Khan has been approached to play Patekar's character in the sequel, as per a report by TellyChakkar.com.
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 17:01 PM
WYANDOTTE, MI – More than 300 employees from BASF sites in southeast Michigan joined Life Remodeled, a Detroit-based non-profit organization, to create positive change in Detroit's Durfee community.
Volunteers spent two days at Durfee Middle School renovating classrooms and a gymnasium, and landscaping the school grounds as part of the middle school's transformation into a multipurpose community center. The refurbished community center will house non-profit organizations with business resources, a trade school, after-school programming, and a marketplace for the local community.
“Volunteering helps us to connect to the community and make it a better place,” said Greg Pflum, Vice President and General Manager of BASF's Midwest Hub. “Our efforts will play a key role in helping to restore a vital resource and foster educational growth and community development.”
This is the fourth year BASF has partnered with Life Remodeled to bring change to local Detroit communities. In 2016, BASF joined the community to remove blight at surrounding schools In Detroit's Denby neighborhood.
“We are dedicated to repurposing this historic school building into a Community Innovation Center focused on entrepreneurship, education and community,” said Chris Lambert, CEO of Life Remodeled. “BASF's continued support and generosity helps to make this vision possible.”
ZURICH — FIFA has cleared teenage midfielder Sergei Eremenko to play for Russia at the World Cup by approving his change of national eligibility from Finland.
FIFA says a request by the Russian Football Union was approved Monday.
The 19-year-old Eremenko was born in Russia and currently plays on loan at Spartak Moscow. His father, Alexei, has Finnish citizenship after playing and coaching there for much of his career.
Sergei Eremenko represented Finland at youth level, following his elder brothers Alexei and Roman, who have both played more than 50 times for the full national team.
0 2 injured in accidental explosion at Kentucky UPS facility
LEXINGTON, Ky. - An apparently accidental explosion at a UPS Freight maintenance facility in Kentucky left at least two people injured Wednesday morning, Lexington fire officials said.
>> Read more trending news
Authorities learned of the blast, at the UPS facility on Blue Sky Parkway in Lexington, around 7:40 a.m. Fire Battalion Chief Jason Wells said crews found “significant structural damage” to the facility when they arrived, with the explosion damaging the roof and walls of the building.
Now closer to the UPS Freight building, where we can see plenty of damage. pic.twitter.com/DBfCeURdLY — HLpublicsafety (@HLpublicsafety) May 30, 2018
Two people were taken to the hospital for treatment of their injuries, which Wells described as minor burns and concussion-type injuries. They were conscious and talking after the blast, Wells said.
“I believe we're extremely lucky,” he said.
Six other people who were in the area were taken to the hospital for observation.
Wells said authorities believe that acetylene tanks on a truck and trailer inside the maintenance facility exploded Wednesday morning. The chemical is used for welding, among other things.
Still very active at the UPS facility on Blue Sky Pkwy after this morning's explosion. @LEX18News pic.twitter.com/jh57x6OM0O — Michael Berk (@LEX18_Michael) May 30, 2018
“There was some work going on to the truck but we don't know the extent of the work or if that's potentially related to the cause,” Wells said at a news briefing Wednesday morning. “At this time, there's nothing that leads us to believe that this is anything but accidental.”
Nothing leads us to believe this is anything other than an accidental explosion. The building has been evacuated and everyone is accounted for. We will remain on the scene for several hours investigating and making sure the area is safe. — Lexington KY Fire (@LexKYFire) May 30, 2018
Authorities continue to investigate the cause of the explosion.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau makes a statement on the incident involving pedestrians being struck by a van in Toronto, in the Foyer of the House of Commons on Parliament Hill on Tuesday, April 24, 2018 in Ottawa. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Justin Tang
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his public safety minister are delivering messages of sorrow — but not panic — in the aftermath of a Toronto man's deadly rampage through city streets in a van.
In an early morning statement, Trudeau said there is no apparent link to terrorism, adding that all Canadians are standing with Toronto as it continues to reel from the attack.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
“The events that took place yesterday in Toronto were a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy,” Trudeau said, extending condolences to the victims and thanks to the first responders on the scene.
“They handled this extremely difficult situation with professionalism and bravery. They faced danger without a moment of hesitation, and there is no doubt that their courage saved lives and prevented further injuries.”
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
But while Trudeau says the investigation into the incident is still underway, he says there is no evidence to suggest there is a “national security element” to the situation.
“All Canadians are with Toronto today — in our hearts, in our prayers and in our thoughts.”
Meanwhile, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who happens to be in Toronto for a meeting with other G7 national security ministers, says the attack has led to “a very large homicide investigation,” with city police at the helm and every level of government taking part.
Goodale thanked other countries, especially the United States, for their condolences and offers of help. And he, too, commended the first responders.
Like Trudeau, he reiterated that the investigation “what happened and why” has only just begun, but sees no reason to draw any links to a national security risk or organized attack.
The @TorontoPolice and first responders faced danger without hesitation today, and I want to thank them for their courage and professionalism. We'll continue working with our law enforcement partners as the investigation continues. — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) April 24, 2018
The attack began Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in the city's north end.
Toronto police have arrested 25-year-old Alek Minassian in the incident.
Minassian is due to appear in court later today.
MEDIA ADVISORY:
Alek Minassian, 25
-He will appear in court Tuesday, April 24, 2018
-10 am at 1000 Finch Avenue West court
-Information on charges to be released at that time
^dh — Toronto Police (@TorontoPolice) April 24, 2018
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
News On 6's Impactful Teacher for February is one busy guy who loves every minute of his job.
6 In The Morning anchors Rich Lenz and LeAnne Taylor visited Bristow's Collins Elementary School to surprise 4th grade teacher and coach Jason Williams.
As Rich and LeAnne walked towards Williams' classroom, he surprised them by showing up in the hall. His students quickly got Rich and LeAnne into their classroom for the official check presentation with Bob Hurley.
Williams says the $250 check will help fund programs for a foundation Jason set up for his little girl, to help others in the Bristow area.
"She passed away in 2008 with liver failure. We had such support from the community we had to give back and so she was such a giving child that we wanted to keep honoring her and let her light shine through the foundation. She was a wonderful little girl," said Jason Williams.
Jason said he was shocked to be honored like this. He says he's a big kid himself and loves his students and loves teaching.
Thanks to the Bob Hurley Auto Family for the special donation.
Nominate An Impactful Teacher Here
August 15th, 2017 Top 5 Mix Most Requested Results:
Demi Lovato – Sorry Not Sorry Fall Out Boy – Champion Halsey – Now Or Never Luis Fonsi + Daddy Yankee + Justin Bieber – Despacito Kesha – Praying Demi Lovato – Sorry Not Sorry
VOTE for your favorite song and countdown the Top 5 every weeknight at 8!
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Brantford Collegiate Institute's senior girls volleyball team has been devastated by injuries.
"I have three girls with sprained ankles and one girl who broke an ankle," said Mustangs coach Mike Antonowicz, whose team is off to a 1-3 start this season due in large part to a lack of a full roster.
"I haven't ever had my starting lineup. It has been insane."
Coming into the season, Antonowicz hoped to build on a solid 2016-17 season but he knew things were going to be tough. Despite having significant talent, the Mustangs were missing a key ingredient for success - setters.
Eventually, Tenisha Hill and Sydney Hendershott were added as setters, generating optimism.
"Before I got the two junior players as my setters, my expectations were low," the coach said. "But, with the additions of Tenisha and Sydney, they can be the core of the offence and so that puts us in a new realm.
"We can be competitive."
Hill is a Grade 9 student who made the jump all the way to senior, while Hendershott is a year older and just as talented.
Antonowicz expected Hill and Hendershott to be big parts of the team but they are among the players who have been injured this season.
With the injuries and just one full practice before the start of the season, the Mustangs had to face defending champion Paris District High School in their opener.
"The first one was against Paris and we took them to 22 and 23 points and that was without some starters," Antonowicz said. "We were right there."
When everyone is healthy, the coach expects his starting six to consist of Kendra McConkey, Julia Fleet, Paige Secord, Hill, Hendershott and Kennedy Chisholm, who is also hurt.
The coach said that the team's strength will be evident if he can get his six starters on the court at the same time and use his bench of Lauren McLeod, Maddy Sanderson and Kennedy Peirce.
"Our biggest strength is ball movement," he said. "If we get a good pass, our setters are so good that we are able to have a varied offensive option.
"Power, middle, off or back row - they can go wherever we need to."
The team was able to see some of that last Friday when it did well at a tournament in Ancaster, while still playing short-handed.
"We played our best ball and, again, I didn't have all six starters because of injuries," said the coach. "We did very well."
Although the Mustangs lack height, Antonowicz said the players are coachable. They just need to work hard -- and get healthy.
"Our weakness is communication and our first pass, serve and receive," he said. "That speaks to experience."
Antonowicz said he hopes to have Chisholm back soon from injury. And then he would like to see the team start working as a unit.
"We're definitely growing as a team," he said. "If we can come together during Christmas, maybe get a practice or two in, that will be good."
And despite the early hole the team finds itself in, Antonowicz said he hopes the players can go into the playoffs as an underdog that will surprise teams.
"This team, they could turn it on for the second half," he said.
"We can cross our fingers and hope that things start clicking for them.
"I think we can definitely be more competitive than what the record shows."
bsmiley@postmedia.com
twitter.com/expbsmiley
: The National Rifle Association said on Thursday devices that allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic ones need tougher regulation, and it called on regulators to determine whether the bump-stock devices comply with federal law."The National Rifle Association is calling on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law," the powerful gun lobby group said in a statement."The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations," it said.
Libya destroyed more than 200 tonnes of remnants of war with the support of the UN Mine Action Service (UNMAS), the support mission said.
“At the end of January, UNMAS completed phase one of its initiative to destroy Explosive Remnants of War (ERW) which have been endangering the lives of Misratan communities, and of the wider Libyan population,” the Mission said.
“More than 200 tonnes of ERW were successfully eliminated with the support of the governments of Denmark and South Korea, generous contributors to the United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund for Assistance in Mine Action,” the mission added.
The mission said in cooperation with the Danish Demining Group (DDG), UNMAS provided training to 20 of the Libyan Mine Action Centre's personnel who destroyed 203 tonnes of war remnants.
“The next step is phase two of the initiative, which aims to destroy at least 200 more tons of ERW. Phase two is kindly supported by the government of France.”
Years of armed conflict in Libya left large amounts of unexploded ordnance, which killed and injured many soldiers and civilians.
NAN reports that the UN says more than 500,000 ERW, including landmines, projectiles, bombs and guided missiles, have been cleared in Libya.
The UN said since March 2011, 108 Libyans have been reported killed and another 161 injured in 135 accidents involving ERW.
Unlike in other countries contaminated by ERW, the larger risk to civilians in Libya, experts say, comes from unsecured munitions, which can form the basis for the construction of improvised explosive devices, which have recently begun being used in Libya.
The world body said during the conflict, armed groups seized Libyan government arms and ammunition stockpiles; many more unserviceable munitions were left over from the bombings by NATO forces.
Today, the UN said there are probably millions of unsecured explosive weapons and ammunition rounds in Libya, and weapons proliferation is a major concern.
Mine action has been the highest priority since 2011, says a 2013 UN appeal document summarising the financial needs of implementing partners in Libya working on weapons management and mine clearance projects.
TEHRAN: A tremor shook Kermanshah province in western Iran near Iraq's border on Monday (Dec 11), causing panic a month after a major quake killed hundreds of people there, state media and officials said.
Two hours after the tremor the state broadcaster, quoting the head of the crisis management cell in Kermanshah province, said there were no reports of damage or deaths.
The University of Tehran's seismology centre said a 6.0-magnitude quake shook the area while the US Geological Survey put it at 5.4.
The epicentre was in Iraq's Halabja, some 20 kilometres north of the Iranian town of Ezgeleh in Kermanshah province.
On Nov 12 a major 7.3-magnitude quake killed 620 people in Kermanshah province, according to the latest death toll provided on Monday by Tasnim news agency.
The quake claimed eight lives in Iraq.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Kermanshah quake left more than 12,000 people injured and thousands homeless, and came at the start of the cold season in the mountainous region.
The area has seen some 1,200 aftershocks since last month, most of them below magnitude 4, Mehr news agency reported on Saturday.
Monday's tremor sparked panic among the population of Kermanshah, causing heavy traffic in the city as citizens rushed to the street, local media reported.
Iran sits on top of two major tectonic plates and sees frequent seismic activity.
On Dec 1, a 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit Iran's eastern province of Kerman, with no casualties.
Justin Zadorsky / Gerry Dewan , CTV London
After 18 months of operating as a rogue company, Uber and other ride sharing applications can now legally operate within London.
Council voted Tuesday to approve a bylaw imposing some regulations for the services, however that bylaw no longer includes a provision for cameras.
The twist came when Councillor Michael Van Holst flipped his vote from last meeting and voted to approve the revised bylaw.
That drew the ire of the London Taxi Association who saw the provision for in-car cameras as a win for their side.
“He bent to what Uber wanted,” says Roger Caranci with the London Taxi Association. “And that's very troubling to me, that a member of this council who is duly elected by representatives of the ward he represents, bows down to a company and does exactly what they want him to do.”
From Uber drivers the messages to Van Holst are very different.
“I cannot thank him enough,” says Deirdre Pinto, London's top Uber driver.
Uber had said they would pull out of London if their drivers were forced to install cameras. Uber says that the requirement would have been unique to London, as none of their drivers are required to have cameras in any other Canadian community where they operate.
The London Taxi Association says they will have a response to the reversal on the cameras issue but that it will not involve job action. Originally some members of the taxi industry said that they would pull their service if the camera provision was scrapped.
Caranci did not go into detail as to what their response will be.
Spanish lawmakers on Wednesday reaffirmed their confidence in Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy as they voted down a no-confidence motion brought by the anti-austerity Podemos party.
MADRID: Spanish lawmakers on Wednesday voted down a no-confidence motion in Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy brought by the anti-austerity Podemos party.
The motion had not been expected to garner the majority of votes needed to oust Rajoy given the Socialists had said they would abstain and the liberal Ciudadanos and other smaller regional parties had said they would vote against the proposal.
But the move from Podemos was primarily aimed at portraying the party as leader of the opposition to the centre-right government at a time when the Socialists have just picked a new leader and are struggling with falling support, analysts say.
"We are on the right track to build up an alternative majority," Podemos leader Pablo Iglesias said after the vote.
"Today, we are one step closer to removing the People's Party from the institutions."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The motion was rejected with 170 votes against, 82 votes for and 97 abstentions, roughly in line with the breakdown when Rajoy was voted in as prime minister last year, showing there has been no change in the balance of power in parliament.
Rajoy, who has secured support for the budget and obtained as a result at least two years of stability, said he was satisfied with the outcome of the vote.
"It has been rejected by a wide majority and this means we will be able to keep working," he told journalists.
(Reporting by Paul Day; Editing by Julien Toyer and Alison Williams)
Recently, the Super Bowl has become a must-watch event, but it isn't only because of the teams playing on the field. Fans come to watch a good game, but stay for the commercials and the halftime entertainer. Well, this year music fans can rejoice, Justin Timberlake will be performing.
Timberlake has been in the spotlight since he first appeared on The Mickey Mouse Club with Britney Spears, Ryan Gosling, and Christina Aguilera. A few years later, Timberlake took his talents to the boy band business, becoming one of the lead singers of *NSYNC. After eight years and three studio albums, Timberlake left to start his solo career.
Since 2002, Timberlake has been a top male artist with 18 top ten songs on the Billboard Hit 100 including five songs that were number one.
Today, Justin Timberlake's new album Man of the Woods featuring singles âFilthyâ and âSay Somethingâ was released to the public. It is his first album in five years.
As for football, while Timberlake isn't rooting for either team in the Super Bowl, he will always be a Green Bay Packers fan. Born in Memphis, Tennessee, Timberlake started his fandom when Brett Favre, a fellow southern boy, got his start in Green Bay.
"You got to respect a team that the city owns," said Timberlake. "That is one of the coolest things. If you get a chance to go to Lambeau and watch a game, you have to do it."
Several questions surround Timberlake as he heads into his halftime show including what songs will he be performing; will he perform songs from his new album and will there be a *NSYNC reunion?
One thing is for certain, Timberlake will put on one hell of a show.
Three men were killed and another severely injured when their car crashed into a power pole in Samut Prakan's Bang Plee district early on Friday.
Police said the accident happened at 3am on the road behind Wat Nam Daeng in Tambon Bang Plee Yai.
Full story: The Nation
By The Nation
Bars and pubs across Calgary were packed Monday night as Flames faithful hoped they could gain some ground in their playoff series against the Anaheim Ducks.
The Flames are down 2 games to none and are in as close to a must win situation as a team can get.
The Flames came out swinging and scoring and at the end of the second period the Flames were ahead of the Ducks 4-2.
A capacity crowd enjoyed the game inside the Scotiabank Saddledome.
The Flames organization tells us 19,289 spectators attended Monday night's game.
Just a couple of hours before the game, there were still single tickets and a few pairs left on Ticketmaster and the Flames says a few standing room tickets were released Monday afternoon.
More to come
Michele Mandel, Toronto Sun Oct 6, 2017
Fred King calls himself the Prophet.
But one of his victims calls him a polygamist and cult leader who allegedly treated her like a sex slave.
And after just a year behind bars, she's furious that he's free.
“He got off so easy for the damage he's done,” sighs Carol Christie, 64. “The people who escaped, their struggles continue and I don't think they'll ever be normal. It just breaks your heart.”
In May 2016, King accepted a plea agreement where he admitted to nine charges of assaulting his church followers between December 1988 and August 2008, including physical beatings suffered by Christie. The six allegations of sexual misconduct, including sexual assault, were dropped.
According to the agreed statement of facts, King, 58, physically abused his disciples in assaults that included squeezing a child's hand with crushing force, beating a teen in front of parishioners after he'd tried to run away and stripping a young man naked in front of his mother, then preaching to him for hours while he was ordered to remain standing outside as mosquitoes bit him.
Christie was one of the “church wives” belonging to King's father Stan — he had others as young as 10. she says — and bore him two children. When he died in 1986, she claims she was passed to his successor, his son Fred, and was humiliated and abused for years by the new Prophet.
According to the agreed statement of facts, the last assault that finally drove her from the Owen Sound area church occurred when King “came over to her chair, pulled her hair back and spat in her face. He pressed his finger repeatedly into her upper chest area and flicked the ridge of her nose with his fingers. He slapped her on the head repeatedly.”
In court, Crown attorney Michael Martin described King as the all powerful leader of the Church of Jesus Christ Restored who would “sadistically humiliate and repeatedly assault women and children with complete impunity.” Followers had to work in church-run businesses, including the family's Mississauga printing plant.
“Physical scars tend to heal, at least in part, over time, but the emotional humiliation at the hands of Mr. King, I suspect, will likely never heal for the victims,” noted Justice Clayton Conlan.
Christie had reluctantly agreed to the plea deal.
“It was causing the escapees a lot of stress,” she explains. “Our witnesses were weakening and we were afraid of losing them and then it could all be thrown out.”
Adds her husband John, “We were told it was the best possible outcome.”
But it was still hard to accept after all the years they'd invested in bringing King to justice.
In 2010, Christie filed a lawsuit against King and the church, alleging she was involved in polygamous “coercive and abusive sexual relations” and was subject to “forcible confinement”, assaults, threats and emotional abuse. King and the church filed a statement of defence denying all her allegations — but settled her lawsuit, as well as those of five others, for an undisclosed sum.
In 2012, Christie went public with her explosive allegations against King on CTV's W5 and here in the Toronto Sun. With her husband, she wrote a book about her 40 years in the church entitled “The Property: The True Story of a Polygamous Church Wife.”
Her disturbing allegations led to an OPP investigation. In the end no polygamy charges were laid. Instead, King was arrested for physical and sexual assault.
“There are few things I would say that are more revolting than the idea of a grown man in a position of trust and authority being violent, denigrating and humiliating with women and children under his care,” the judge said in sentencing King to 18 months.
A year in jail and he returns to his life while those he abused are finding it difficult to resume theirs.
“They struggle in many, many ways and to see him serve only 12 months is unbelievable,” says Christie, who's trying to help other victims with money from her settlement.
At his sentencing, King uttered not a word of apology or regret. His lawyer insisted the church is now shuttered. But Christie's not convinced.
“Our belief is that Fred King will try to pick up where he left off and keep his remaining flock in his control,” she said.
And heaven help those still trapped.
Read Mandel Wednesday through Saturday
mmandel@postmedia.com
The Sokoto State House of Assembly has urged the State Government to provide relief materials to victims of rainstorm in Goronyo Local Government Area (LGA) of the state.
The resolution followed a motion on a matter of urgent public importance by Alhaji Abdulwahab Goronyo (APC-Goronyo) which was seconded by Alhaji Dayyabu Kalmalu (APC-Illela) at the plenary of Wednesday in Sokoto.
Goronyo described the disaster as unfortunate.
“The disaster came as a result of rainstorm which affected so many houses, food stuffs and other agricultural produce across the area.
“Securing lives and properties is one among the cardinal objectives of any government, hence the need for this matter of urgent public importance.
“Moreover, disasters occur without notice and affect the livelihood of a given area, therefore, the need to assist the victims becomes imperative,” he said.
Goronyo further appealed to the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and other humanitarian agencies to provide support for the victims of the disaster.
The motion was unanimously adopted after a voice vote by the Deputy Speaker, Alhaji Abubakar Magaji, who presided over the session.
Advertisement
A doctors' strike in Cameroon left patients without critical care in the capital Yaoude, the latest in a string of union actions that have crippled a country in the midst of political crisis.
The doctors union, known as SYMEC, demanded better working conditions and pay and left nurses to attend to sick
Patients in some of Yaounde's major hospitals.
The strike was not directly linked to other union action, but it adds to the turmoil in the central African
country where protests have erupted since October in the Anglophone south, and northwest regions.
Teachers and lawyers have been on strike for months to protest at what they say is their marginalisation by the French-speaking majority under President Paul Biya's 35-year rule.
In reaction, the government has shut down the internet in English-speaking areas.
At Yaounde's Central Hospital, a witness said, patients angrily waited to be seen, clutching prescriptions and test results, but there were no doctors in sight.
“My father had a motorcycle accident and must undergo surgery today.
“`There are no surgeons, we are told that there is a strike, and the nurse told us that they only deal with the sick in-house or by appointment,” said Marianne Balla, who was waiting in the Central Hospital.
Advertisement
The government said the strike was illegal as SYMEC is not a legally recognised union, a charge the union dismissed as untrue.
It was not clear how well observed the strike was in other parts of the country.
Some hospitals contacted by Reuters outside the capital said by telephone that they were operating normally.
The strike comes at a critical time for Biya, who is under pressure to peacefully resolve a growing crisis.
No fewer than six protesters have been shot dead and hundreds others arrested during the rare challenge to state authority ahead of a presidential election in 2018.
In an apparent bid to stamp out online critics, the government has cut internet access in the two English-speaking regions for three months, hobbling business activity and prompting criticism from human rights groups and the UN.
Still, with Biya looking to extend his long rule next year, some expect government crackdowns to continue.
“With elections coming up in 2018, we can expect the situation to get much worse before it gets better,” said Jeffrey Smith from campaign group Vanguard Africa.
In one of Fay Ray's dense, dazzling photomontages, carnations and crushed beer cans jostle against fur, abalone shells, strings of clear beads and a hand-modeled clay head.
That kind of disjunction harks back to the medium's heyday a century ago, as a Dada vehicle of the politically infused absurd. It works, visually.
Ray's montages at Shulamit Nazarian gallery are strikingly high contrast. Blacks go deep, serving as a kind of velvety jeweler's cloth, strewn with a pseudo-casual array of shiny, sparkly objects.
Fay Ray's "Egg Arch and Pearl Portal," 2018. Dye sublimation on aluminum, 79 inches by 40 inches. Fay Ray / Shulamit Nazarian
"Egg Arch and Pearl Portal" is the most arresting of the photo pieces. Scaled to human height and shaped like a passageway, the aluminum-mounted print beckons us inward, to a space at once cosmic and commercial, primal and performative. A mosaic circle vaguely suggestive of an ancient stone relic emits glittery beams of tinsel, striped with tresses. A giant pearl appears between floating lips, and more nacreous orbs separate the fingers of two hands that emerge from the darkness. Arching over all of this is a jaunty border of painted eggs — spotted, stained, or bearing the words "mercy mercy mercy."
Glitz and glamour pervade the montages as well as the sculptures on view here, and the L.A.-based Ray offsets this artifice with hints of authenticity. She hangs three gorgeous, fossil-like conch shells from aluminum struts fanning out from a zinc-plated chain in the strangely haunting "Calipatria." Other sculptures similarly mix slick slabs of marble and industrial-strength metals with chunks of cactus and ears of corn cast in aluminum.
Fay Ray's "Calipatria," 2017. Queen conch, aluminum and zinc-plated chain link, 50 inches by 18 inches by 12 inches. Fay Ray / Shulamit Nazarian
Whatever her medium, Ray exercises a montage sensibility in this mixed bag of a show, constantly shifting material and emotional registers. Sometimes the compression of natural and denatured, earnest and superficial generates a curious, compelling friction. Just as often, though, it yields a less fruitful incoherence.
Shulamit Nazarian, 616 N. La Brea Ave., L.A. Through May 26; closed Sundays and Mondays. (310) 281-0961, www.shulamitnazarian.com
See all of our latest arts news and reviews at latimes.com/arts.
ALSO
Teotihuacan: An ancient Mexican city's remarkable art comes to life at LACMA
'Paper Play in Contemporary Photography' at the Getty
A revelatory Eleanore Mikus show at Marc Selwyn
A day after Congress criticised Vice Chairman of Rajya Sabha Venkaiah Naidu's decision to turn down impeachment notice against Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra as "ill-advised, hasty", Naidu on Tuesday said the decision came after "a month of due diligence"."Decision to reject impeachment motion against CJI was not hasty, came after over a month of due diligence," said Venkaiah Naidu.On Saturday, Opposition MPs handed over the impeachment motion to Naidu. The notice was moved "on five grounds of misbehaviour".Defending his decision to reject the impeachment notice, Naidu said it was in strict conformity with provisions of Constitution and the Judges Inquiry Act."I had responsibility cast on me. I have done my job and am satisfied with it," said Naidu.In his 10-page order on Monday, Naidu claimed that the Opposition MPs were "unsure" of their own case and that their notice was based on "suspicion and conjectures".The Congress, on the other hand, said it will file a petition in the Supreme Court to challenge the Rajya Sabha Chairman's order rejecting the impeachment notice.Congress leader Kapil Sibal claimed that the Chairman's discretion was limited and he shouldn't have disposed of the notice without constituting an inquiry committee."The Chairman's order says the charges are unverifiable. How can you verify without conducting an inquiry," Sibal asked.
Bob Dylan has been accused of borrowing heavily for part of the Nobel Literature Prize lecture he finally delivered to the Swedish Academy last week.
LOS ANGELES: Bob Dylan has been accused of borrowing heavily for part of the Nobel Literature Prize lecture he finally delivered to the Swedish Academy last week.
The singer-songwriter's remarks on how the book "Moby Dick" influenced him bear a close similarity to the SparkNotes summaries of the Herman Melville classic novel, according to an analysis on Slate.com.
SparkNotes.com provides study guides for students in literature and other fields.
Author Andrea Pitzer, writing on Slate.com on Tuesday, listed some 20 sentences from the portion of Dylan's lecture on "Moby Dick" that closely resembled phrases or ideas on the SparkNotes website on the book.
They included lines from Dylan's online lecture such as "Ahab's got a wife and child back in Nantucket that he reminisces about now and then."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The entry from SparkNotes reads "musing on his wife and child back in Nantucket," Pitzer noted.
Dylan's representatives did not return calls for comment on Wednesday. Dylan, whose songs include "Blowin' in the Wind," "The Times They Are A-Changin" and "Like a Rolling Stone," has admitted in the past that he draws from other influences.
In a 2012 interview with Rolling Stone magazine, he brushed aside criticism that he plagiarized the work of other artists by saying: "It's called songwriting. It has to do with melody and rhythm, and then after that, anything goes. You make everything yours. We all do it."
The media-shy Dylan, 76, delivered his lecture to the Swedish Academy last week just within the six-month time limit set by the organisation in order for Nobel laureates to receive the 8 million crowns (US$900,000) that goes with the prize. He chose not to attend the annual ceremony and banquet in Stockholm.
"If the Moby Dick portion of his Nobel lecture was indeed cribbed from SparkNotes, then what is the world to make of it? Perhaps the use of SparkNotes can be seen as a sendup of the prestige-prize economy," said Pitzer.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Social Media Star: Richa Chadha, Kunal Kamra talk about their political views, and why they speak their mind
Social Media Star: Richa Chadha, Kunal Kamra talk about their political views, and why they speak their mind
It's A Wrap: Swara Bhasker talks about Veere Di Wedding and Twitter trolls, in conversation with Parul Sharma
It's A Wrap: Swara Bhasker talks about Veere Di Wedding and Twitter trolls, in conversation with Parul Sharma
Ravi Ashwin and Cheteshwar Pujara will play English county cricket this year ahead of India's tour next summer, India's chairman of selectors MSK Prasad said on Monday.
LONDON: Ravi Ashwin and Cheteshwar Pujara will play English county cricket this year ahead of India's tour next summer, India's chairman of selectors MSK Prasad said on Monday.
Spinner Ashwin, who has not previously played in England, has been cleared by the BCCI to play for Worcestershire while batsman Cheteshwar Pujara is expected to return to Nottinghamshire.
"Cheteshwar Pujara and R Ashwin will be playing county cricket. Ashwin is part of other formats too, so it is a blessing in disguise for both of them because we will have a full-fledged tour of five Tests in England next year," Prasad said in Pallekele.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Monday, dozens of protesters made their way to Lansing with a clear message about Line Five, while Enbridge gave testimony about its safety.
“We're here to protect water and we are concerned about oil spills occurring on the Great Lakes."
Through, signs, chants, and passionate speeches, this group of people hopes the state will get their message.
Take action and shut down Line Five.
“If Line Five were to rupture within the Straights of Mackinac, that's the worst possible place for an oil spills to occur because of the strength of the currents,” Mariah Urueta, an organizer said."
Many protesters came from Northern Michigan and argue recent studies show the pipeline is bound to fail.
They say the consequences would be disastrous.
“People come from around the world to enjoy Grand Traverse Bay, Lake Michigan and all of the water up here. There isn't that much fresh water in the world and everyone wants to come here during the summer to enjoy our water and we need to protect it,” Tina Frankenburger Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians said."
But, in front of the Pipeline Safety Board, Enbridge argued Line Five is safe and they're standing by it.
“We can tell that this line is in very good shape in the 60 plus years it's been operating, so when you add all of those up it culminates in a very good integrity condition for this pipeline one of the best in our system,” Kurt Baraniecki, Director of Integrity Programs said.
This board will report its recommendations to Governor Rick Snyder and Attorney General Schuette.
The Ministry of Home Affairs and Immigration cautions foreigners on study visas not to use them for their overstay.
Spokesperson for the Ministry urges foreigners on study permits and who want to continue working or doing business in Namibia to follow the right procedures.
VANCOUVER — Canada ranks 37th on a list of 41 rich countries for children having access to enough nutritious food, and higher-than-average rates of child homicide and teen suicide also point to a need for action, a UNICEF report says.
Over 22 per cent of Canadian children live in poverty and most issues related to kids showed no improvement or worsened during the last decade, said the 14th report from UNICEF on children's well-being amongst wealthy countries.
The mental health of Canadian teens has been declining, with 22 per cent of adolescents reporting symptoms more than once a week, said the report release Wednesday. Canada ranked 31st for the teen suicide rate, it said.
The report ranked countries in the European Union and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and put Canada in 25th place overall on children's well-being. Norway topped the list from the UN Children's Fund.
Romania, Bulgaria and Chile were at the bottom of the list based on 27 indicators. Canada has data to report on 21 indicators, including food security, unhealthy weight and bullying.
“We placed 17th in 2013 and 23rd in 2016 (overall) on similar indexes measuring how Canada's kids are doing compared with other rich countries,” UNICEF Canada said in a companion report.
The main report is based on so-called sustainable development goals set in September 2015 by 193 countries that aimed to end extreme poverty and hunger, provide education, protect children from violence and fight climate change.
Wake-up call: Children being left behind in rich countries - 1 in 5 lives in poverty https://t.co/sYq5VNI4Bt #foreverychild @UNICEFInnocenti pic.twitter.com/mId5kKMojx — UNICEF (@UNICEF) June 15, 2017
David Morley, president of UNICEF Canada, said countries that moved up in the rankings invested more in early child development including day care.
“When you invest in the poorest children the payoff is greater. When the safety net is stronger, families can be stronger,” he said.
It is too early to say if Canada's tax-free child benefit, introduced last year, will make an impact, he said.
While many indigenous children live in poverty, they represent only about six per cent of kids in Canada, suggesting all kids need stronger policies, Morley said.
It's a myth that Canada is the best place in the world to grow up and that the country has great air quality, the report said.
“Air quality has been improving over the past 10 years in almost all rich countries except for Canada and Turkey,” the report said. Children are more vulnerable to the negative effects of air pollution because they breathe in more air per unit of body weight than adults, it said.
“Canada is, in the minds of many, a big, clean, safe and healthy nation. But the data in this report card suggest it is not so very clean, safe or healthy for its children and youth.”
Canada ranked 29th of 41 countries on unhealthy weight of children. Nearly 25 per cent of young people are obese, above the average of 15 per cent, the main report said.
Cindy Blackstock, executive director of the First Nations Child and Family Caring Society of Canada, said the country has failed to meet the needs of many of the most vulnerable children living on reserves.
Read the full report here
“You can't give these kids less money for education, less money for health care, less money for early childhood and deny them even basics like clean water and expect them to be doing OK,” she said from Ottawa.
She noted the federal government has yet to follow repeated compliance orders issued as late as last month by the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal, which ruled in 2016 that Ottawa racially discriminated against youth in its delivery of child welfare services on reserves.
Blackstock, whose group fought the government on the issue, said the need for equitable education and health care for First Nations children has been ignored for years.
“No political party in this country in 2017 should be able to racially discriminate against 165,000 children,” said Blackstock, a member of the Gitxsan First Nation in B.C.
“I think the government has so normalized this racial discrimination against First Nations children that it's really in the DNA of the government,” said Blackstock, who is also a professor at the school of social work at McGill University in Montreal.
The Federal Government says the implementation of the Power Sector Recovery Programme (PSRP) will ensure a minimum baseline daily power supply of 4,500Mega Watts (MW) from 2018.
A fact sheet document obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) from the coordinators of the PSRP in Abuja indicated that PSRP would also prioritise operational and technical interventions to ensure stability of the national grid.
The PSRP is a series of policy actions, operational governance and financial interventions being implemented by Federal Government over the next five years to reset the Nigerian Electricity Supply Industry for future growth.
The programme, among other objectives was designed to strengthen the sector's institutional framework and improve power supply reliability to meet growing demand of electricity consumers in the country.
The document revealed that PSRP was also meant to improve performance of the Distribution Companies (DisCos) through a balance approach of incentive regulation, monitoring and enforcement to ensure aggressive reduction of technical and commercial losses.
This, According to the document will be archived through accelerated metering programme, upgrade of distribution and transmission interface networks to improve operational efficiency.
It also indicated that the PSRP would also address major issues constraining gas availability to the sector, notably pipeline vandalism and payment arrears due to gas suppliers.
It said this was being archived through the provision of N701.9 billion payment assurance facility provided by government to guarantee payment of generation and gas invoices for 2017and 2018.
It said the facility was one of the funding sources to ensure companies in the sector received their revenue requirement from 2018.
The PSRP document also revealed that the World Bank had also expressed willingness to assist government with 2.5 billion dollars, adding that action plans were being taken by government to facilitate the release of the fund.
The document also highlighted strategies to restore governance structure, ensure transparency in the value chain through appointment of qualified persons and regular publication of key operational and financial information to the public.
It further indicated the financing plans to fund the historical deficit in the sector caused by tariff shortfall of N420billion from Jan. 2015 to Dec. 2016.
Other components of the PSRP include strategic plans to pay the historical Ministry, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) debts and mechanism to automate future payment of electricity bills.
It also encapsulated measures to develop and implement a communication strategy to facilitate stakeholder engagement and outreach to the public on the activities in the sector.
It said dedicated implementation monitoring team had been set up to coordinate and monitor implementation of the PSRP.
Senators shuffle by the desk on Tuesday to cast their votes on the confirmation of Betsy DeVos as secretary of education, chattering like kids returning from summer break to find that everything has changed. Somehow even the victors seem confused. None of them really expected the world to look like this.
Except, maybe, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama. He's standing toward the front of the Senate chambers, hands behind his back, at ease. A grin is on his face. He's just cast his final vote as senator—to confirm DeVos.
Though he is not attorney general yet, he was instrumental in planning the flurry of authoritarian executive orders marking Donald Trump's first weeks in office, including the on-hold refugee ban. Sessions wanted to go even harder, hoping for a "shock and awe" approach, overwhelming the opposition with the dramatic pace of change.
In a Washington Post story that called Sessions the "intellectual godfather" of "Trump's hard-line actions," the director of a conservative immigration think tank compared the Republican senator to a "guerrilla in the hinterlands preparing for the next hopeless assault on the government" who suddenly learns that "the capital has fallen."
With his dark suit, white hair, and wrinkled white peach of a face, Sessions does not look like he's spent much time training in the jungle. But he does seem surprised—stunned almost—that the next vote his colleagues cast will make him attorney general of the United States.
He walks slowly to his seat. Sitting down, he bows his head. His eyes seem to be closed, as if praying. He brings the tips of his fingers together, facing upward, on his lap. A few moments later, he takes out a silver object and holds it gingerly between the first two fingers and thumbs of each hand, almost as if unwrapping foil on a stick of gum.
But it doesn't seem to be gum—it's impossible to tell what it is from the press gallery—and he does not unwrap it, he just fingers it, his head bowed. The vote is called. He puts away the silver object. The vote is 50–50.
As expected, Vice President Mike Pence confirms DeVos with a historic tie-breaking vote. It is a huge blow to anyone who cares about competency, public education, or ethics in government. The Democrats spent the last twenty-four hours complaining about all of these issues, but that doesn't matter now. They have no control.
Sessions gets up and looks around the room again before he heads toward the door. When he returns to the Senate later that day, Sessions is the nominee under consideration. He sits behind Majority Leader Mitch McConnell while Senator Elizabeth Warren quotes the late Senator Ted Kennedy, who called Sessions a "disgrace to the Justice Department" during a 1986 confirmation hearing, when Sessions was denied a federal judgeship because of allegations of racism.
Now Warren reads from a letter sent by Coretta Scott King, the widow of Martin Luther King Jr., to the Senate during that same failed confirmation.
"Mr. President. Mr. President," McConnell interrupts, defending Sessions. "The senator has impugned the motives and conduct of our colleague from Alabama, as warned by the chair. Senator Warren said, 'Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens in the district he now seeks to serve as a federal judge.'"
"I call the senator to order under the provisions of Rule 19," McConnell says.
The crazy thing about Rule 19, in this context, is that it was created in 1902, after the notorious white terrorist and senator "Pitchfork Ben" Tillman beat up a colleague who had defected to the other side of a debate. Tillman founded a group called the Red Shirts, which terrorized African Americans as Reconstruction bled into Jim Crow. He was an early mentor of white supremacist Strom Thurmond, who, as the chairman of the Senate's Judiciary Committee, was the guy who both smashed Sessions's hopes of becoming a federal judge and who kept King's 1986 letter out of the Senate record. When Warren read the letter, she was correcting Thurmond's thirty-year-old error.
So it is grimly fitting that McConnell, who has learned to manipulate the Senate in order to grab control of the judiciary for his party, cites Rule 19 to defend Sessions, the old-school law-and-order white supremacist who stuck around long enough to make it mainstream again.
During the exchange—in which McConnell now famously uttered the sentences "She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted"—Sessions picks his nose, rubbing it with a handkerchief, making sure he gets it all, blowing again.
Nearly twenty-four hours later, McConnell uses the last few minutes of debate to offer a cornpone encomium to his departing colleague, calling Sessions a "true Southern gentleman," like that's an unquestionably good thing, eliding the difficult history connecting Sessions's home state and the fight for civil rights.
Finally, in a Thursday morning ceremony, Pence swears in Sessions, who cites a "dangerous permanent trend" of increasing crime and pledges to end "lawlessness." Like Sessions, Trump regularly exaggerates the increase in violent crime. He uses the occasion of Sessions's swearing in to sign three executive orders that further empower the already-vast police state. Neither mentions the epidemic of African Americans shot and killed by police.
"A new era of justice begins, and it begins right now," Trump says.
This article appeared in print with the headline "Confirmation Bias."
$400. That's what a marijuana bouquet was going for today at Los Angeles dispensary ShowGrow.
Lowell Farms prepared 500 of these bouquets for a test run this Valentine's Day & they've been selling.
The floral cannabis bouquet, released in a limited run of 500 (that's a lot of marijuana!), boasts full stems of organic cannabis flower, adding up to one ounce of Purple Princess, a well-balanced indica/sativa hybrid that arrives dried and ready to smoke. The stems are tucked in with wildflowers, eucalyptus and other greenery, making this both a beautiful and incredibly aromatic bundle. – Timeout
How are you celebrating #ValentinesDay? With a "Bud Bouquet?" (seriously this is a thing…) https://t.co/UENa4WGnO3 — Sage Analytics (@SageAnalytics) February 14, 2017
If $400 is out of your price range you can always bake some fresh marijuana treats for your weed-loving significant other…
For more pics of the bouquet visit Timeout.
Kolkata: Cricket legends Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly on Saturday emphasised on smooth transition of the U-19 World Cup winning players, who impressed with their discipline and controlled aggression during their victorious campaign.
"The whole team is exceptionally talented and have the passion and right aggression," Tendulkar, who keenly followed the U-19 World Cup matches, told PTI.
"The young Indian team has a pool of talent and are being nurtured to realise their full potential. We can look forward to some exciting times for team India in the years to come."
The Indian cricket icon was quick to give a piece of advice to the U-19 World Cup triumphant team so that their talents are not lost in the transition.
"If they keep working hard, the sky is the limit. They will definitely have to push themselves harder and give their best in the transition," Tendulkar said.
Giving full credit to coach Rahul Dravid, Tendulkar said the team was in safe hands.
"The way the team goes about doing their job with utmost excellence and passion speaks volumes about the hands that guide them. Rahul is doing a great job with these kids and deserves all the credit."
Tendulkar was impressed to see the level discipline that these youngsters have imbibed from Dravid.
"One thing I noticed about the team is that they are disciplined. Dravid himself always placed impetus on discipline and the team has gained from his experience which has been at the highest level."
Ganguly was impressed with Indian colts' dominating performance throughout the tournament.
"Fantastic. Not only champions, but domination from game one. It's terrific. I didn't follow them much initially but when I saw them (while doing commentary) I was very impressed."
Ishan Porel, who debuted for Bengal in the Ranji Trophy recently, has been exceptional as he overcame a foot injury to bowl India to victory against Pakistan with his splendid four-wicket haul.
"What a fine semi-final and final game he has had. He's a Vision 2020 product.
Now we have to bridge the gap. We have to make them ready for the seniors. That's why Vision 2020," the CAB President said about their development programme.
"Obviously, the gap is a bit more, he's got to keep training hard. We have to look after him well, and make sure at CAB that he gets all the facilities. It's same with everyone. My advice would be to stay fit and play well."
"I hope some of them play for India now. Virat Kohli is the biggest example. When we used to play U-19, the World Cup was not there. I remember playing against Pakistan in Bombay (a team that had Aaqib Javed in their ranks). Rahul Dravid has played India U-19s," Ganguly said on the sidelines of of an exhibition match during their Foundation Day.
KABUL: It took a pair of landmines that severed Malek Mohammad's legs for him to find his life's passion for swimming in land-locked Afghanistan.
He was 11 years old when he stepped on the mines as he gathered firewood in a vacant lot in Kabul, a city still trying to recover from years of civil war.
"When I lost my legs ... I was in a terrible condition because I didn't know about my future and I was feeling very bad," Mohammad, now 24, told Reuters as he rested after swim practice on a recent morning in Kabul.
Faced with an uncertain future in a country where many war victims face lifetimes of suffering, Mohammad's life changed when a U.S. government official arranged for him to receive treatment, physical therapy, and education in the United States.
It was there that Mohammad first learned to swim, and put him on a track to what he hopes will eventually be sporting glory at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I hope to be selected there to represent my country, because the amputee community are looking at me," Mohammad said.
His dreams of competing in the Olympics have been dashed before, when he failed to make the cut for the summer games in London in 2012.
He hopes that a good showing in the World Para Swimming Championships in Mexico City in September will help him get close to his dream.
Nothing in Afghanistan is easy, however.
Mohammad says his application to the Mexico games has been delayed by conflicting details on his identification papers, a common problem in Afghanistan where many people, including Mohammad, don't know their exact birth date and other information.
The team members hope to follow 18-year-old Abbas Karimi, who recently qualified for Mexico while living and training in the United States.
The lack of resources for a world-class training programme makes it difficult for the members of the Afghan paralympic swimming team who don't have access to international facilities and support.
Three members of the team, all with amputations from war wounds, train in small public pools with little government support.
They are coached by Mohammad Jawad, a veteran javelin thrower, who volunteers his time to help.
"Malek is a talented person and he has already competed in international competitions, but this time if he does his best efforts, God willing, I am sure he can achieve great things for his country at the Olympic Games as well," said Jawad.
COMFORT IN SWIMMING
Like many Afghans, Mohammad has been caught in the increasing global tensions as fighting sends hundreds and thousands fleeing.
His prosthetic legs have begun to wear after eight years, and a clinic in the United States has offered to provide treatment.
Mohammad's application for an American visa was denied last year, however, with the State Department saying he had not proved that he would willingly return to Afghanistan.
He is working to reapply for a visa, but with several high-profile cases of Afghans using visas to seek asylum in the West, it is not clear that he will be able to get the treatment he needs.
No matter what happens, Mohammad says the pool has become a comforting place, because in the water it does not matter that he lost his legs.
"Winning or losing the game is not important for me because this is a pride for me that despite losing my legs I can swim and feel myself relaxed in the water," he said.
He has become a minor celebrity in Afghanistan and internationally, proudly mentioning the time he met former U.S. president George H.W. Bush.
Mohammad and his family still express surprise at how his potentially life-ending injury changed his life.
"I was hopeless and crying," said his mother, Bibi Sabza Gul. "Imagine when you see your son lose two legs and covered with blood."
Now those horrible memories have faded, she said.
"I'm really happy seeing my son improving day by day in his career. He is helping his sisters and brothers and encouraging them in sports so I am not concerned about him anymore."
(Writing by Josh Smith; Editing by Robert Birsel)
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – A source has confirmed to News 4 that Bishop Richard Malone will disclose the names of all priests in the Buffalo Diocese who retired, were removed, or left the ministry following sexual abuse allegations involving children.
HAPPENING: A source confirms to @news4buffalo that @BishopRJMalone will tomorrow morning release the names of priests who retired, were removed, or left the ministry after sexual abuse allegations involving children — Callan Gray (@CallanGray4) March 19, 2018
Malone will release the names Tuesday.
Luminant Energy has announced that they plan to close the Monticello power plant in Titus County in January.
The company released the following statement on Friday:
Luminant, a subsidiary of Vistra Energy (NYSE: VST), today announced plans to retire its Monticello Power Plant in Titus County, Texas. In total, approximately 1,800 MW of power will be taken offline in January of 2018.
Curt Morgan, Vistra Energy's president and chief executive officer, said, "For more than 40 years, Monticello employees have generated reliable power for Texans, and we honor and recognize their service. But the market's unprecedented low power price environment has profoundly impacted its operating revenues and no longer supports continued investment."
Luminant estimates that approximately 200 employees will be impacted by Monticello's retirement. Eligible and affected employees will be offered severance benefits and outplacement assistance. The company will also assist employees who are interested in pursuing open positions within our fleet.
Mr. Morgan continued, "This was a difficult decision made after a year of careful analysis. We are sensitive to the consequences of our decision on employees and members of the local community, with whom we have worked closely for decades. Luminant will be coordinating with civic leadership to prepare for the impacts of the transition."
As part of the retirement process, today Luminant filed a notice with the Electric Reliability Council of Texas ("ERCOT"), which will trigger a reliability review. If ERCOT determines the units are not needed for reliability following this 60-day review, Luminant expects to stop plant operations on Jan. 4, 2018.
Luminant will take the necessary steps to responsibly decommission the facility in accordance with all federal and state regulations. In addition, we will continue the ongoing reclamation work at the plant's mines, which ceased active operations in the spring of 2016.
Vistra estimates it will record one-time charges of approximately $20-25 million in the third quarter of 2017 related to the retirement, including employee-related severance costs and non-cash charges for materials inventory and the acceleration of Luminant's mining reclamation obligations.
LAS VEGAS — Lars Eller will never be confused with Nicklas Backstrom or Evgeny Kuznetsov.
But so far in these playoffs, he's been doing a pretty good imitation of both.
The third-line centre for the Washington Capitals, who was bumped up in the line-up when Backstrom missed time in the last two rounds, climbed the ladder again in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final after Kuznetsov was injured in the second period.
Once again, Eller did not disappoint in the elevated role.
Scoring a goal and picking up a pair of assists, Eller played the hero in a 3-2 against the Vegas Golden Knights on Wednesday night to even up this best-of-seven series 1-1.
Game 3 is on Saturday in Washington, D.C., but Kuznetsov's health remains a mystery. As long as Eller can continue playing like a top-line centre — he has six goals and 16 points in 21 games — the Capitals might be able to survive the loss of their leading scorer.
After a back-and-forth 6-4 win by Vegas in Game 1, both goalies vowed to be better. And for the most part, they lived up to their word.
Early in the first period, Vegas' Marc-Andre Fleury made a barrel-roll save on T.J. Oshie that would have brought a smile to Dominik Hasek's face.
At the other end, Braden Holtby was even better. He stopped 37 of 39 shots, including a spectacular paddle sprawling save on Alex Tuch in the dying minutes of the third period that prevented the game from going into overtime.
But as well as both performed, even they had their limits.
As the Golden Knights have done at home this entire post-season, they took a 1-0 lead in the first period. James Neal got the credit for the goal on a defensive gaffe from Washington's Dmitri Orlov, who tried to glove a lobbed pass but instead watched helplessly as Neal batted it out of the air for a mini-breakaway. He then beat Holtby with a wrist shot that found the top corner.
The Capitals would get one back 10 minutes later on a tic-tac-toe passing play that Eller completed. But despite ending the period tied 1-1, Washington still found itself down after losing Kuznetsov on a huge hit from Brayden McNabb.
Coming two nights after Washington's Tom Wilson had caught Vegas' playoff scoring leader Jonathan Marchessault with a blindsided hit, you knew that the Golden Knights would be seeking retribution. And they did it by taking out a player who is leading the entire playoffs with 25 points.
It wasn't necessarily a dirty hit. Kuznetsov had just dumped in the puck when McNabb finished a check where the initial contact point was the chest. But in the process, Kuznetsov's left arm got squished and he immediately left the ice and went to the dressing room clutching his wrist.
The official word from the Capitals was that it was an upper-body injury.
While losing Kuznetsov should have been a huge blow for Washington, it had the opposite effect. The Capitals woke up in the second, scoring twice to take a 3-1 lead.
It wasn't just the players who were making amends for the previous game. In Game 1, Vegas' Ryan Reaves had cross-checked John Carlson and then scored when the Washington defenceman was down on the ice. Two nights later, Tuch did the same thing to Carlson in the second period. But this time, the refs made the call.
With Washington on the power play, Alex Ovechkin went up 2-1 on a cross-crease feed from Eller, who had taken Kuznetsov's spot with the man-advantage. The Capitals weren't done yet. Eller picked up his third point of the game on a goal from Brooks Orpik, who's shot redirected in off a Vegas player to make it 3-1.
Before the period ended, Vegas would get one back on the power play.
With Oshie sitting in the box, Golden Knights defenceman Shea Theodore floated a long-range wrist shot that found a seam through a maze of bodies and ended up in the back of the net.
Washington's lack of discipline almost hurt them even more in the third period, when Wilson took an interference penalty on McNabb, followed by a justifiable hooking penalty by Eller that ultimately gave the Golden Knights a two-man advantage for 69 seconds. But despite the combined three minutes in power play time, Vegas couldn't pull the trigger.
Much of that was because of Holtby.
The Capitals goalie might have looked shaky when he allowed five goals in Game 1. But he was locked in for Game 2, as he showed when he dove across the crease and robbed Tuch of a sure goal with 1:59 remaining in the third period.
With Kuznetsov potentially out for Game, 3, the Capitals will need more of that from Holtby and Eller if they intend on winning their first championship.
mtraikos@postmedia.com
twitter.com/Michael_Traikos
Ahead of lakhs of students seeking admissions in colleges, the University Grants Commission on Tuesday released a list of 24 fake universities across the country.Of the 24, at least eight are functioning in Delhi.A notice issued by UGC read, “Students and public at large are informed that at present following 24 self-styled and unrecognised institutions are functioning in contravention of the UGC Act in various parts of the country.”“These universities have been declared as fake and are not entitled to confer any degrees,” it further added.The fake universities listed by the UGC which have been found functioning in Delhi include Commercial University Ltd, United Nations University, Vocational University, ADR-Centric Juridical University, Indian Institution of Science and Engineering, Viswakarma Open University for Self-employment, Adhyatmik Vishwavidyalaya, and Varanaseya Sanskrit Vishwavidyalaya.Other universities which have been found as fake were located in Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal, Odisha, Maharashtra, Kerala and Karnataka.
“DREAM-WORLD” (Revisited) By Desmond Kelly ‘the Star of eLanka'
The song is well-known, as is the “Songwriter”,who got into the habit of writing songs for “special girlfriends”simply because “presents”(decent ones), were too expensive to buy, in Ceylon at the time, and, although it got him into trouble, sometimes, this did not cost him anything at all.
“Dream-World” was written by this songwriter at the birth of the fabulous 1950's at number 38 Lorensz Road, Bambalapitiya, in Colombo, after this enamoured young man who was 15 at the time, had met this beautiful 14 year old girl who lived at number 10, on the same road.
He had a dream one night, about this same young lass & the rest was easy. It was just after midnight, & while he had never studied the “theory” of music, “tunes” would come into his head, and he would then compose the lyrics to fit the tune. It was very lucky that this songwriter had an exceptional memory. Once he completed the song, lyrics written in pencil in an old school exercise book, (as this was), he never forgot it. Dream-World was written in about 45 minutes, sung to the girl in private when she came to see him via the “rear alley” of their homes, the next day. He told her that he had this “present” for her, and sang it to her, accompanied by his old ukelele. She loved it, even though the song itself was “far advanced” in it's outlook.
Later, Dream-World was “recorded” with this songwriter's Singing Group called the “Semi-tones”, picked up by one of the biggest International Recording Company's at the time, called Philips, in Holland, actually presold many thousands of copies (it was a little 45 rpm disc), before even arriving in Ceylon, went straight into the Ceylon Hit Parade on the Commercial Service, reached the “top” of the Parade in record time, keeping Elvis Presley's “Don't be cruel” in 2nd place for a few weeks, before then going into the “Binaca Hit Parade” in India & again, heading for the top in record time.
The songwriter, by this time, had joined the Royal Ceylon Navy, had got married to another very pretty girl, for whom he wrote the song “Cha-cha-baby”which she liked until she was “teased” so much about it, she decided to lay claim to Dream-World, as well. The songwriter only agreed to this because the girl he had written it for, had since gone on to the U.S.A. to be the 2nd runner-up to Miss Universe,1956.
The “Singing Sailor” then decided to send a copy of Dream-World to the President-elect, at the time, thru the American
Embassy in Colpetty, did get his acknowledgement for it, & was exceptionally proud when told that Dream-World had now become one of the favourite songs of another beautiful Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy.
There have been many versions of Dream-World recorded. The songwriter however, prefers the “revisited” version. He hopes that all of his readers will like the eLanka version & make some comments about it.
Desmond Kelly.
Star of eLanka.
APNewsBreak: The Pentagon says transgender individuals will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, bowing to growing legal pressure despite staunch opposition from President Donald Trump.
Comments
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
A county governor in Kenya has been arrested on corruption charges, an official at the Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission (EACC) told newsmen on Wednesday.
Kenya's top prosecutor, Noordin Haji on Tuesday ordered that Sospeter Ojaamong, the governor of Busia County, face charges including abuse of office and conspiracy to steal public funds, the latest move in the country's anti-graft campaign.
Haji said evidence presented by the national anti-corruption agency was enough to prosecute Ojaamong.
He said the governor and nine other officials allegedly stole millions of Kenyan shillings in public funds.
As with some other scandals involving alleged corruption by government officials, the case is based on evidence of suspicious procurement practices for a public works project that was never completed.
The project in Busia involved a solid waste management system.
Ojaamong and his accomplices are to be charged with conspiracy to commit economic crime, engaging in a project without proper planning, abuse of office, and wilful failure to comply with the law relating to management of funds.
The government led by President Uhuru Kenyatta, who was re-elected in 2017, has said it is undertaking a renewed push to tackle graft.
The charging of dozens of civil servants and business people over the past two months suggested an attempt to fight corruption through prosecution, but the country's track record on that front is poor.
Kenyan media have reported on more than a dozen corruption scandals involving state agencies and officials since Kenyatta took power, but there have been no convictions of high profile figures, according to a Reuters review of the cases.
The Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, has accused President Muhammadu Buhari's Special Assistant on Prosecution, Okoi Obono-Obla, of stealing and manipulating his will.
Mr. Ekweremadu in a statement on Monday said Mr. Obono-Obla in connivance with a former Chief Judge of Enugu State, Innocent Umezulike, and a lawyer, Tagbo Ike, broke into the probate registry to steal the document.
He said the trio stole his will, leaving behind a photocopy which had in it imaginary properties.
Mr. Ekweremadu said the presidential aide has started a campaign to smear his reputation using an online medium.
The statement which he titled “This Too Shall Pass” was signed by his Special Adviser on Media, Uche Anichukwu.
“There has been a sustained smear campaign against my person by Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, using Sahara Reporters, and other unsuspecting media outfits in the past few weeks.
“I would have continued to ignore them, but for the concern of my well-wishers. Therefore, the public may wish to know as follows:
“About July 2016, former Chief Judge of Enugu State, Hon. Justice Innocent Umezulike, in his capacity as the Chief Judge of Enugu State at the time, together with his lawyer, and Barrister Tagbo Ike, in connivance with some politicians, broke into the Probate Registry, Enugu, took away my will, and left behind a photocopy.
“They copied the properties listed in the will and added many imaginary properties and started churning out baseless petitions to government agencies and officials,” the statement read.
Mr. Ekweremadu's reference could be some stories SaharaReporters published recently.
On March 1, the medium published a story on how the ownership of two high-end London properties valued at £4million was traced to Mr. Ekweremadu.
Also in March, SaharaReporters published a petition written by Mr. Umezulike, asking the National Security Adviser (NSA), Babagana Monguno, to order the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to probe how Mr. Ekweremadu acquired 32 choice properties in Nigeria and abroad.
Mr. Umezulike said Mr. Ekweremadu's lifestyle and the properties he has acquired are not justified by his source of income and should be probed under Section 7 (1) (b) of the EFCC Act.
Mr. Ekweremadu faulted the accuracy of the petition but kept mum on the allegations.
“In their petition to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, for instance, they claimed, in a demonstration of gross ignorance, that I was given money by the Federal Government to develop the South East geopolitical zone, but that I used it to purchase 32 properties.
“They sent similar petitions to Mr. President, the Vice President, Senate President, Attorney-General of the Federation, Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission, Code of Conduct Bureau, Director-General of the Department of State Security, Inspector-General of Police, Commissioner of Police (Enugu), among others.
“I do not intend to respond, for now, to the smear campaign related to the 2019 election, which is spearheaded by Okoi Obono-Obla, using Sahara Reporters. I will speak more on this subject at the appropriate time.
“For now, let me state that Justice Innocent Umezulike has since been dismissed from service by the National Judicial Council and is facing trial in different courts. God is also on top of the matter in several other ways in the life of Justice Umezulike's.
“It suffices to add that with what is unfolding now, the current smear campaign championed by Mr. Okoi Obono-Obla, is helping to expose those, who acted with Justice Umezulike, to steal my will. They have been peddling this so-called ‘discovery' since July 2016.
“Umezulike has also, in several other petitions, attacked myself and my family. He also, at some point, accused me of killing several people, which the office of the Inspector-General of Police investigated; and probably, he will soon face appropriate charges bordering on false information.
“Let me, therefore, call on all those, who are concerned about this smear campaign, not to worry. This too shall pass. History will vindicate the just and the wicked will never go unpunished.”
The popstar has finally spoken out
Peter Andre is known for being one of the nicest guys in show-business – but the singer has faced a bit of flack recently after claims he is secretly a massive diva.
Yup, after a ‘rider' was released from a recent gig, the Mysterious Girl star apparently requested 41 pricey items on top of his $53,000 (AUD) appearance fee.
Reportedly included in the lengthy list of demands was the ‘best white wine' available, as well as 15 medium-sized black or navy hand towels, and a three-course dinner for his crew members.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
Sounds pretty excessive, right?
But now the 44-year-old has finally spoken out over the reports, revealing the real reason for his seemingly lavish requirements.
MORE: Peter Andre finally responds to Rebekah Vardy's penis size jibes in HILARIOUS way
Chatting to metro.co.uk, the Ausralian popstar – who's married to Emily MacDonagh – said: ‘Let me just explain this!
Lovely night with Emily 🙂 A post shared by Peter Andre (@peterandre) on Nov 28, 2017 at 3:30pm PST
‘When we do our big arena tours an agent sends out a rider, everyone who does music have it.'
Joking about the huge wine request, the dad-of four said: ‘The funniest thing is I don't drink.
‘When we're working with the band, and there's a lot of them and they're working 12 hours, I like to look after them. [The negotiating of requests] is usually done by agents.'
According to The Sun, Pete – who shares kids Junior, 12, and Princess, 10, with ex Katie Price, and Amelia, 3, and one-year-old Theodore with wife, Emily – also demanded a selection of assorted Cadbury chocolates, chopped ginger, chewing gum and manuka honey.
Mills on the back, Theo on the front Love it A post shared by Peter Andre (@peterandre) on Aug 22, 2017 at 9:50am PDT
The dad-of-four continued: ‘Of all the stuff I ask for I might use honey and ginger for my throat. I laughed about it and thought “if people are actually going to believe if it's not the right wine I won't do a performance”.
‘I am the least diva you'll ever meet in your life!'
Before adding: ‘There's no point in going online and being defensive. But, generally, everyone who performs has a rider – it's a standard thing, agents will put in what they think you'll like.'
That settles, that! Now, where we can we get a job with Pete's crew?
As the Uniting Church in Australia celebrates 40 years, it is a good time in 2017 for the Synod of NSW and the ACT to reflect on where we have come from and who we are called to be. It is a good time to take stock and to ensure we are aligned with the moving of God's Spirit in the world today.
It is a good time to dream a new dream for God's people in the Uniting Church and to move with hope into God's future. It is a good time to be reminded of the energy that brought the Congregational, Methodist and Presbyterian Churches into union and to inject new energy into our life together today.
We understand our legacy, but what will our investment in the future be? The Pathways Project is developing processes which will enable us to listen to each other – to help Congregations hear the stories of other Congregations; to help Presbyteries hear stories of Congregations within and beyond their bounds and of other Presbyteries; and to help the Synod hear a more comprehensive story of the Church in NSW and the ACT.
Shaping the future
Currently in a pilot stage across two Presbyteries that each share unique challenges, The Pathways Project is giving members of the Church an opportunity to contribute to the shaping of the Uniting Church for the next 40 years. Leaders and members of the Church in New England North West and Parramatta Nepean Presbyteries are dreaming together to discover how to shape ways in which we might work together to share Christ's story of love in the world.
Findings from this initial pilot will be presented at Synod when it gathers on 30 September with a view to then opening up the process to the whole Synod.
“Parramatta Nepean Presbytery is a large and somewhat difficult Presbytery covering most of Western Sydney, with all of the joys and pain of people in this part of the world,” says Geoff Stevenson, Presbytery Chairperson of Parramatta Nepean. “There is a broad diversity of people from across the world in [perhaps the most] multi-cultural Presbytery. It is a region of significant change, as new housing is bringing 100,000s of people into two significant parts of our Presbytery — the North-West and South-West Sectors.”
“These significant changes, along with the major upheavals rocking our whole society in this time of semi-millennial change, have a huge impact upon the Church. Our Congregations, based in more traditional village style forms and with traditional forms of ministry, are struggling.”
Geoff is hopeful that The Pathways Project will provide outside resources that will help the Presbytery see more clearly, be accountable in mission and ministry, ask questions of them and provide skilled people who can assist our strategising and planning processes.
“The Project promises to provide a framework that will enable us to move with confidence and support into new ways of experimentation and learning, trial and error, and, we believe, new ways of being the Church in Western Sydney in our time and contexts,” explains Geoff.
Opportunities to hear the voices of both the densely metropolitan Presbytery and the more isolated parts of the state have given Rev. Will Pearson, Chairperson of New England North West Presbytery, hope for the next 40 years of the Synod of NSW and the ACT.
“Each section of the community has their own specific issues that impact on the ability of each to express their faith and commitment in a 21st Century world,” explains Will of the challenges that lie ahead for the Church. “Underlying This is the unity that is so much stronger as we move into the next 40 years in the life of our amazing Church.”
“These meetings and discussions across the state give members of the Congregations who may not be able to experience Presbytery or Synod meetings an opportunity to share both their dreams and frustrations in a safe environment, knowing that their input can be used to form a more complete picture of the UCA in 2017, and be utilised in the development of our ongoing mission.
“At the Armidale meeting [in early July] there was a good representation of church members from within the local and adjoining Congregations who joined in healthy discussion of the topics as they were raised. They were not afraid to voice their understanding of what the Church may be as we transition into the next 40 years.”
Future-focussed missional priorities
Pathway sits alongside other Synod-wide, inter-related projects, in the context of identifying missional priorities and creating an integrated, future-focussed plan for
the Synod.
As Acting General Secretary Rev. Jane Fry has said, “There is an urgent need to find new ways to engage with our communities, to tell our story and to plan for the future. And yes – it is really scary and (at the same time) exciting.”
“We are committed to keeping before the Church our purpose by asking who are we called to be, and why do we do what we do. We want to encourage clear and open communication and consultation, across the whole Church. In doing so, we acknowledge the vast differences, diversity and needs across Presbyteries and membership as we seek to love and care for the people around us,” says Rev. Fry of the commitment to The Pathways Project from a ‘whole of Church' perspective.
“At the end of 40 years, Moses took the people up the mountain and he showed them the promised land — a land flowing with milk and honey — a fantastic prospect; a place of opportunity, possibility and hope. We are at the top of the mountain looking forward into a land full of possibility and hope. And as Synod we have to get ready for that.
“The Uniting Church is a unique organisation in the way that it structures itself. It is a grassroots organisation. Leadership and direction comes from people in Congregations and Presbyteries working to feed the hungry, clothe the naked and bind up the broken hearted. That's where the work of the Church happens.
“We need as a Church to organise ourselves in relation to the missional priorities that are evident in the Congregations and Presbyteries,” says Rev. Fry of the priorities for the Synod.
Pathways on the road
Of course such an undertaking needs experienced people to begin to understand how we as a Church can work together more effectively to achieve our goal of being a ‘fellowship of reconciliation'.
Rev. Kath Merrifield has been released from her position as Executive Director of Uniting Mission and Education — along with Melanie Dicks from Uniting — to carry out the initial pilot consultations across New England North West and Parramatta Nepean. Such diverse Presbyteries have been chosen to understand the unique challenges faced by rural and urban Presbyteries, but also to listen and report back so
that these challenges can be addressed.
“Having been in a Congregation and worked with Presbyteries and then in my Synod role, part of the challenge for us is the way in which we take seriously the inter-conciliar nature of the Church,” says Kath about her role as a consultant to the project. “Pathways is an opportunity to explore what can be achieved together in more effective and helpful ways. We find ourselves in a complex, time poor and ever-changing environment in the Church and working together and telling the same story is more important than ever.”
I have worked with the gifts of the Uniting Church for the majority of my work life,” says Melanie about her experience and why The Pathways Project is important in the life of the Church.
“I've worked in and managed Uniting Aged Care facilities and I've seen how the light of Christ has been expressed through these services to the community. Uniting Church Presbyteries and Congregations have created such great gifts for the disadvantaged and aged in society. In a rapidly changing society, The Pathways Project gives us an opportunity to work with members of the Church to create a long-term plan for the future of the Church.”
Creating opportunities
As Kath and Melanie road-trip across the state, they are listening and making space and time to hear members concerns, hopes, dreams and ways that the Church can collaborate at all levels.
“The project creates an opportunity for us as a Church to have a shared conversation. Everybody sees different aspects of this story at the moment, but this creates an opportunity where we can all contribute to the same story to find the opportunities for the future,” says Melanie.
“My hope is that people will think, talk and take hold of the opportunity to chart a hopeful vision where we can live out the work of Christ in society, but also how we can work more effectively together as a Church. We want to work to make the vision real and map out a plan to get there. I would also hope that we can see the challenges as opportunities to work more closely to create a vision for the future. We want this project to connect with Presbyteries and Congregations and how they see their future.
“From our stories, we will celebrate and build on our strengths, and we will also seek to give shape to ways we can address the challenges that we face together so that we might be well-prepared to embrace the next 40 years!”
“The things that we have in common are the things that enable us to dream and vision a future for the Church. We are about God's mission in the world,” says Kath. “Alongside our brothers and sisters, whether that be the next Congregation or across the state, it enables us to share a common vision for the Church.”
As pilgrims we are invited to think about opportunities, to let go, and move forward in faith. The Pathways Project will help us to begin to chart a hopeful future in a changing and challenging landscape.
Find more information about the Pathways Project, including Q&As and ways you can give feedback to the process. Also, ‘like' the Uniting Church in Australia, Synod of NSW and ACT Facebook page for regular updates on The Pathways pilot project.
Adrian Drayton
REUTERS: At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.
San Francisco police on Twitter confirmed a shooting had taken place and advised people to avoid the area.
The suspect was hospitalized in police custody, local media reported.
Victims were taken to the Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, spokesman Brent Andrew said. He said he could not say how many patients were taken to the hospital or give their conditions.
It was not immediately clear if anyone had died.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The shooting occurred in the area of a United Parcel Service facility, CBS San Francisco and other local media outlets reported, citing authorities. A San Francisco police representative could not immediately be reached for comment.
(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Tom Brown)
The World Bank (WB) in its recent report has predicted that with growth prospects continuing to improve and inflation remaining contained, Pakistan economy would continue to grow by 5.2 per cent in 2017.
The World Bank twice-a-year South Asia Economic Focus report said, "In Pakistan, economic activity expanded by 4.7 per cent in 2016 and is expected to continue to grow at 5.2 per cent in 2017 with growth prospects continuing to improve and inflation remaining contained."
According to the report, the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) projects have supported construction activity, which is expected to stimulate industrial sector growth, it added.
These projects should help to accelerate growth in the domestic construction industry and increase electricity generation it said adding that sustainable and inclusive growth and poverty reduction, will require greater private sector investment and the longer term development of infrastructure.
Providing total picture of South Asia, the report also confirms that South Asia remains the fastest-growing region in the world, gradually widening its lead relative to East Asia.
Regional GDP growth is expected to rise from 6.7 per cent in 2016 to 6.8 per cent in 2017, and 7.1 per cent in 2018, it added.
According to the report, possible protectionism in advanced economies should not deter export-oriented growth in South Asia, a region that could even benefit from the backlash against globalization.
The just released edition of the twice-a-year South Asia Economic Focus explores whether South Asian countries should worry about mounting protectionist pressures.
"Simulations on the impact of hypothetical new trade barriers show that South Asia is not only resilient to a potential rise in protectionism but could possibly even gain from it in some circumstances," said Annette Dixon, the World Bank South Asia Region Vice President.
Dixon said, advanced economies were recovering and could see faster growth that will likely increase demand for South Asian products, adding the region should seize this opportunity to diversify its exports and enhance its supply response.
This could create a substantial number of jobs for new entrants to the labor force, Dixon added.
A field day at Sidney on June 29 will focus on "Incorporating Cover Crops and Annual Forages into Cropping Systems: Providing Research Based Information to Producers in Western Nebraska."
The event, sponsored by Nebraska Extension, will run from 9 a.m.-1 p.m. at the UNL High Plains Ag Lab, Sidney. There is no charge to attend, but to make sure enough lunches are provided, attendees are asked to RSVP by June 19 to: Panhandle Research and Extension, (308) 632-1230 or email kjenkins2@unl.edu.
Topics include:
· Are Cover Crops a Viable Option for Western Nebraska Dryland Crop Production? (Cody Creech, UNL Dryland Cropping Systems Specialist)
· Annual Forages for Beef Cattle in Western Nebraska (Karla Jenkins, UNL Cow-Calf and Range Management Specialist)
· Summary of Research on impacts of cover crops on soil and value of diversity in the mix (Bjesh Maharjan, UNL Soil and Nutrient Management Specialist)
· Tour of ongoing cover crop research (Mitch Stephenson, UNL Forage and Range Management Specialist)
· Working Lunch with group discussion over the use of cover Crops and Annual Forages in Western Nebraska
NEW YORK: The Federal Reserve took a first step on Wednesday (May 30) to soften a key rule enacted after the 2008 financial crisis to limit high-risk trading by banks.
The Fed, in one of its first major moves under the leadership of President Donald Trump's appointees, said it aimed to improve implementation of the Volcker rule on bank trading to address criticism that the standards were vague and blocked important services to bank clients.
Advertisement
But the proposed changes were largely panned by progressive lawmakers and groups, who warned the changes could be planting the seeds to another crisis. The Fed is the first of five agencies that must approve any change.
The Volcker rule, included in the 2010 Dodd-Frank banking law and implemented in 2013, bars banks from engaging in trading with their own funds, or from running their own hedge funds to take big bets on investments.
The rule, named for former Fed chair Paul Volcker, prompted large US banks to divest or shut down high-risk, high-return businesses that are not supposed to enjoy the benefit of federal deposit insurance.
But banks complained the measure wrongly lumps in safe activities, such as those to hedge against risk, or those to provide key liquidity to clients.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Volcker himself suggested some improvements in the rule probably were merited, but cautioned against going too far to ease restrictions.
"What is critical is that simplification not undermine the core principle at stake - that taxpayer-supported banking groups, of any size, not participate in proprietary trading at odds with the basic public and customers' interests," Volcker said in a statement released by the Volcker Alliance, a non-partisan good government group.
"I trust the final rule will strongly maintain that position by, as intended, facilitating its practical application," he said.
At a Fed board meeting to discuss the reform, officials said banks will continue to be barred from trading with proprietary funds, but the changes would clarify that some activities are permitted.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Fed Chair Jerome Powell said officials involved with Volcker implementation see "many opportunities to simplify and improve it in ways that will allow firms to conduct appropriate activities without undue burden, and without sacrificing safety and standards."
"Our goal is to replace overly complex and inefficient requirements with a more streamlined set of requirements," he said in a statement.
RISING RISK?
Among the proposed changes, the definition of "trading activity" would be modified to permit more activities, including nixing the automatic classification of assets held less than 60 days as short-term and subject to regulation.
Other changes would provide relief to banks with smaller trading businesses, clarify that certain kinds of market-making activities are allowed, and permit foreign trading activities of non-US banks.
US officials said the toughest oversight would fall on 18 giant banks with more than US$10 billion in trading assets and liabilities that account for about 95 per cent of all trades. About half are of these banks are non-US.
But the proposal drew immediate criticism in some circles.
The changes will result in "more banks betting against, rather than serving, their customers," the Centre for American Progress said.
"This will further concentrate the power of the largest banks in the markets at the expense of all other investors, and it will put the economy and taxpayers at greater risk of their failure."
Bart Naylor, a financial policy advocate at Public Citizen, said easing up requirements on smaller banks made sense, but he was generally troubled that policymakers appeared much more fixated on easing bank requirements than on ensuring the bank system is safe.
"We're concerned that this empowers banks to do what they want to do and that is gamble with funds made cheap and available by taxpayers," Naylor said in an interview.
The Fed proposal, which was developed in concert with four other agencies, will now be subject to a 60-day public comment period.
HAMBURG, N.Y. (WIVB) — In just a few short days, a GoFundMe initiative raised more than $3,000 to erect a billboard at a busy intersection that calls on Republican Congressman Chris Collins to host a town hall meeting, something he's never done in his career.
The question he has: are these groups organizing against him looking for information, or are they looking for trouble?
Drivers in the Seven Corners area of Hamburg, will notice a very public request on behalf of a group of local voters — although not voters of the congressman from Clarence.
In fact, most actively campaigned against him, like Andrea Nikischer, of Citizens against Collins.
But they are residents of his district. And they want answers.
“The congressman doesn't engage in meaningful discussion or debate in the district, and so we've all come together from all political parties to get a better understanding of the congressman's positions,” Nikischer said.
Nikischer is correct. Going back to when he was Erie County Executive to his past four years in Congress, Collins has never held a town hall-style meeting.
“There's not really a lot of good exchange on information or positions,:” he said. “They tend to be not very productive. So I don't hold them, never have. I'm not somebody that sees the value of town halls that get hijacked by protestors.”
Collins says groups like those Nikischer represents are organized to disrupt. And he's rather got into more meaningful discussions than shouting matches.Collins also says someone's political affiliation has little to do with how wide his office door opens.
“I never ask a question when I'm taking a meeting whether you voted for me or not. I represent everyone,” he said. “I can assure you a lot of people that sit in my office did not vote for me, but I do still want to represent them and their issues when it comes to appropriations, budget and policy.”
But Nikischer says they're not organized to disrupt. They want answers from real discussion.
“We want to know what his positions are,” she said. “We don't want to yell at him. We want him to hear us and we want to hear him. The truth is, the congressman works for all of us, for everyone in the district.”
Collins knows about the billboard, and the likeness to Where's Waldo.
But a flashing electronic sign greeting people on their way to and from work, or a protest at a local college, won't change his stance.
“Well, I'm sure the billboard company is very happy with that,” Collins said. “So if that helps the economy, and that's the way they want to spend their money, I say go for it.”
By comparison, Republican Congressman Tom Reed said Tuesday morning he has a heavy emphasis on town hall-style meetings, holding literally hundreds of them during his tenure.
He's holding four more Saturday in Allegany, Cataraugaus and Chautauqua counties.
The first will be held from 9:15 to 10:15 a.m. at the North Harmony Senior Center in Ashville, followed by a meeting from 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. at Pine Valley VFW Post #2522 in Cheery Creek, followed by a meeting from 1:45 to 2:45 p.m. at the Humphrey Fire Department in Great Valley, followed by a meeting from 4 to 5 p.m. at the Allen Town Hall in Fillmore.
Department of Corrections officials believe a fugitive who has been on the run for two years may be in the Tulsa and Tahlequah areas. Edmund Owens, 37, is one of the top 15 fugitives in eastern Oklahoma, according to a release from the Oklahoma Department of Corrections.
Department of Corrections agents believe Owens may be in the Tulsa and/or Tahlequah areas. They say he has known gang ties, is believed to be trafficking in drugs and has been associated with several alleged assaults in the last two years.
Corrections Director Joe M. Allbaugh said Owens is a threat to the public. He wants anyone with information about the wanted man to come forward.
10/24/2016 Related Story: DOC Believes Fugitive Is Hiding In Tulsa Area
“As agents get closer, Owens is getting more desperate,” Allbaugh said. “We will track him down along with those harboring him and ensure they are prosecuted to the furthest extent of the law."
Owens is 5'10 and 200 pounds. He was on probation for drug trafficking when he failed to report to his parole officer, the news release states. He's also been convicted of possession of a stolen vehicle and concealing stolen property.
If you have any information on Owens, call local law enforcement, the DOC fugitive warrants division at 405-425-2570 or write warrants@doc.ok.gov.
The Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) DELTA has destroyed about 1500 illegal refineries with swamp buggy in the Delta creeks in the last two months.
The Commander of the ship, Commodore Ibrahim Dewu, disclosed this to newsmen in Warri on Wednesday.
Swamp buggy is an amphibious vehicle used to traverse a swampy terrain.
Dewu said the destruction exercise was carried out in the creeks of Otumara, Ogbegugu, Okpuku in the Warri creeks.
He added that personnel of the command were currently on the Bennett Island in Warri South Local Government Area of the state in continuation of the exercise.
He said that the perpetrators had devised means of preventing the soldiers and the swamp buggy from gaining access to the sites by blocking the entrances with logs or setting fire around the sites.
The commander, however, said their antics would not deter the soldiers from carrying out their statutory obligation of completely eradicating illegalities in the maritime domain.
“It takes us time to remove the logs for our men and the swamp buggy to have access but we are determined,” he said.
He said the criminals' activities were also contributing to the degradation of the ecosystem.
“The antics of the criminal elements will not deter us from eradicating the illegality with the aide of swamp buggy which I believe will bring a lasting solution to economic sabotage.
”We decided to apply swamp buggy because it is more environment friendly and difficult for the perpetrators to resuscitate the illicit business since their facilities are also crushed completely in the process.
“Apart from that, we also do post-monitoring of the various sites we have destroyed to ensure that the criminals do not return to reactivate them.
”So far, the exercise has been successful and we will not rest on our oars until the illegalities are completely eradicated in our maritime domain,” he said.
In one of the operations on Bennett Island on June 12, the perpetrators set fire around the vicinity of the illegal refinery to prevent the soldiers from entering.
The navy personnel then created alternative means for themselves, journalists and the swamp buggy to gain access and therefore, crushed the criminals' equipment amid thick smoke and rain.
The lone white cross marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532 Anzac Day: How the war memorial movement began
The lone white cross marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532 Anzac Day: How the war memorial movement began
THE wound was the size of a penny, and it was over his heart.
It didn't take long for Ivor Margetts to die in the end. He never saw who killed him. A shell burst, a piece of shrapnel, and his part in the Great War was over.
He called to one of his men, Private George McKenzie, who had been with him since they left Hobart, and through every day of the Gallipoli campaign.
Now, cradling him in his arms on a war-ravaged road in Pozieres, France, on July 23, 1916, Captain Margetts told him that he had "got one at last".
As soon as McKenzie saw the wound, he knew there was no hope.
It didn't take longer than 20 minutes for Capt Margetts to die. The 24-year-old's final words to Pte McKenzie were: "If you get through this stink lad, which I hope to the God above you do, let my people know how I got hit and died thinking of them."
And then he was gone.
Later, Pte McKenzie would write to Captain Margetts' parents back in Launceston of their son's death, which was reprinted in Les Carlyon's book The Great War. He wrote: "There was never a better officer living than Capt Margetts. He was the most popular man in the Batt and he has never done a bad turn to anyone since we left Hobart Shore. It is the worst shock the 12th Batt has had since war started. Any one would of gave their lives for to save his little toe."
The lonely cross on the barren landscape at Pozieres, marking the grave of Tasmanian soldier Captain Ivor Margetts killed in action on July 24, 1916. The grave was later obliterated by the Germans. Picture: Australian War Memorial/E00532
It was Pte McKenzie who buried his beloved Captain close to where he was hit. It was he who placed the little white cross which draws our eye in this iconic picture.
Two days later, the Germans blazed through and destroyed the cross. Now no one knows exactly where Ivor Margetts is buried.
AN ORDINARY BLOKE
By all accounts, Margetts was a genuinely nice guy. The kind of bloke you'd want to be mates with. And he was my ancestor - my grandmother's first cousin, making him my first cousin, twice removed. He was a legend in my family. His friends called him Margo, but in my family, he was always referred to as Captain Ivor.
He was tall - 6ft 3 - tanned and cheerful. He grew up in Launceston, the second of five boys, and when war broke out he was working as a school master at a boys' school in Hobart, keeping the students in line and coaching the sports teams. He was one of the first to join up as war broke out, and the Hutchins school held a party in his honour, the teachers chipping in to present him with a pipe.
"In making the presentation, Mr Bullow spoke of the happy disposition Mr Margetts possessed, and his power of keeping the masters' study in harmony by his ability for turning everything into a joke," a report of the party in the Hutchins school magazine of September 1914 said.
Captain Ivor Margetts was affectionately known as ‘Margo' by his friends and school. Picture: Australian War Memorial/H15808
"Mr Margetts suitably responded, saying that, if his nature was a happy one, he couldn't help it, he had been born like it."
On the weekend, he played Aussie rules. He was as professional as you could be in those days, playing for Lefroy Football Club.
At Gallipoli, he played footy too. One game in particular is described in Les Carlyon's book Gallipoli. "In December he played Australian football against the 10th Battalion. 'Beautiful match. Led at three-quarter time, lost by seven points.'"
ANZAC DAWN
Ivor was a month off his 23rd birthday when he joined up to the First Australian Imperial Force (AIF) in August 1914. Starting as a lieutenant, he endeared himself to his men, just as he had gained the love of students and fellow teachers at the school where he worked.
A report in the North Western Advocate in September 1916 said fellow Hobartian, W H Facy, received a letter from his younger brother in which he described Margetts.
"A gentleman and a soldier - and I think that covers a great deal. The men simply worshipped him, and what's more he had that knack of knowing how to treat his men. He always got the best out of us without any trouble."
The Lone Pine monument in Gallipoli, Turkey. Picture: Bradley Secker
He left with the 12th Battalion on October 20, 1914, headed for Egypt and then Lemnos, unaware that the same time the following year he would be fighting for daily survival in the horrors that awaited them all in Turkey.
His battalion was among the first ashore at Gallipoli on April 25, 1915. Margetts would later write an account of that day. He described how the captain gave the order to man the boats; how the first tow headed for the beach under heavy fire; how just as he was getting the second tow ready to go, a man right in front of him was hit in the head and dropped dead.
Survival was a game of chance - standing a metre to the left or right, leaving a minute earlier or later, was often what stood between you and a bullet.
Troops landing at Anzac Cove in WWI. Picture: Australian War Memorial
Ivor's brother, Ralph, was with him in Gallipoli, but stationed on a medical ship in the Dardanelles Strait. In a letter dated May 5, sent to their parents, which was printed in The Mercury in June 1915, Ralph wrote of word he had received about his brother.
"[Ivor] was well but very untidy - said he was fighting like a wild Irishman, with most of his clothes torn off. I have since heard that Ivor was seen on the beach with what few of his men were left.
"You can't imagine how pleased I was to hear about him. It was reported on board that he was the only officer left of his battalion."
He went on: "You should just hear, the naval men who put our men ashore speak of the way our lads charged up those hills! They say it was simply wonderful, and they have made a name for themselves forever."
Despite many close calls, Ivor survived Gallipoli, where so many others didn't. But the end of the campaign wasn't the end of the war for those first Anzacs. France beckoned.
POZIERES
The battle of Pozieres began on July 23, 1916. But for Capt Margetts, it also ended that day.
By the afternoon of July 23, it was reported the northern French village was clear. Ivor went with a small party of men through the village to choose a site for trenches. At around 10pm, a sudden burst of fire from the Germans took them by surprise. A shell burst nearby and a piece of shell hit Ivor in the chest, over his heart. He had survived the whole Gallipoli campaign, to be killed on the first day at Pozieres.
Pte McKenzie told the Red Cross: "The men loved him. I cried like a kid when I found he was dead … I think he went because he was too good for the beastliness of war."
Ivor Margetts was remembered at the Last Post Ceremony on July 23, 2016 celebrating the centenary of the campaign at the Australian War Memorial, Canberra. Picture: Australian War Memorial/Andrew Taylor/Ref: AWM2016.8.110.1
OUR STORIES
My nana was a cheeky, red-haired 13-year-old when cousin Ivor went to war. We had a picture of him on the bookshelf in our home growing up - a young, smiling man with a pipe in his mouth, the pipe his beloved students had given him, with the hope he would come back to them.
Ivor Margetts' name on the Roll of Honour, Canberra.
The picture that stood in our home of ‘Captain Ivor'.
And as Ivor was dying on that road in Pozieres, another young British private with a Royal Army Medical Corps pin on his cap was nearby, working as a stretcher bearer among the mud and devastation, bringing the wounded off the battlefield. His name was John Langford and he was my grandfather. He survived. If he hadn't, I wouldn't be here today - or my brothers and sisters, nephews and nieces.
And each Anzac Day, there are countless households around the country also remembering their family members who fought in conflicts across the years.
Time goes on, and the distance to these first Anzac stories becomes greater, but that doesn't mean they're forgotten. Stories are passed on and heroes become legends. The passage of time makes them stronger. And in a world of conflict and fighting and fear, we remember those who came before. Lest we forget.
CTV London
They were out shot almost 2-1 by Erie but the London Knights found a way to survive once again.
Mitchell Stephens was the hero Sunday night as his goal in overtime forces a game seven with the Otters on Tuesday.
However, it was Tyler Parsons who kept London in the game making 44 saves in the 2-1 victory; Erie out shot London 45-26.
Janne Kuokkanen had the other goal for London; he has scored in four straight games.
Erie looked to be getting off to a quick start after Jordan Sambrook scored just 47 seconds into the game. From there Parsons took over and was perfect the rest of the way.
For the second time in two rounds the Knights are going the distance with their opponent.
Game seven goes Tuesday in Erie.
Advertisement
The President, Borehole Drillers Association of Nigeria (BODAN), Mr Frank Uzoma, has criticised the Lagos State Government's decision to enforce charges and permit for commercial use of boreholes.
Uzoma told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday that boreholes were providing potable water for Nigerians, since potable pipe-borne water is nonexistent.
According to him, all tiers of government must deliberately prioritise access to water, saying a large number of Nigerians don't have access to it.
“We are condemning this policy because 80 per cent of Lagosians, depend on boreholes, so if that policy becomes effective, what alternative have they put on ground.
‘‘Are the taps running? No, they are not, the people need to live, and water is life.
“What alternative has been put in place? Is the water board effectively running in the state? So that new policy cannot be sustained because borehole is meeting the need for water.”
He urged the state government not to criminalise provisions of borehole water, saying that borehole was the only option available for survival.
Uzoma contended that groundwater control is the sole responsibility of the Federal Government.
He said the association has commenced the implementation of the National Drilling Code of Practice to check arbitrary drilling of boreholes and protect the nation`s groundwater resources.
Advertisement
He said the code of practice specifies the minimum requirement for drillers, supervising personnel and equipment to ensure cost effective construction of water well.
Uzoma said that the development of groundwater was one of the sources of interventions to attain water supply for all Nigerians.
He stressed the need for stiffer penalties to punish quackery in the system.
The president urged Nigerians to patronise only registered borehole drillers, saying this was the only way the country could do away with unsystematic drilling of boreholes.
NAN recalls that the Lagos State Commissioner for Environment, Dr Babatunde Adejare, had said that the state government would apply charges as a measure of control for commercial users of boreholes.
The commissioner said the government recognises the need to minimise the pollution of the underground water by controlling indiscriminate sinking of boreholes, which, he said, is a contributory factor to pollution.
“No responsible government would fold its arms and allow uncontrolled pollution of underground water through indiscriminate sinking of boreholes.
“By controlling sinking of boreholes, we would have done a lot to curtail the outbreak of water borne diseases,” he had said.
Adejare was also quoted as saying that the state government target was to minimise underground water pollution and curtail water-borne diseases.
Corbin Public Library will be hosting their summer reading program beginning June 7 at 11:00 a.m. with an ice cream social.
This summer's theme is “Libraries Rock!”
The library will host events for children every Thursday beginning at 11:00 a.m. to promote continued education over the summer. Events in the past have included visits from Ronald McDonald, ice cream socials, exotic animals and magic shows. This summer's events have not yet been finalized.
June 7 will be the first day individuals can sign up for the reading programs. For every five books children read they will get a prize. Teens will get a prize for every three books and adults will get raffle tickets based on the number they read. The raffle tickets can then be put in drawings for specific items.
The library is bringing back Touch-a-Truck this summer. This event allows children to get up close and personal with vehicles like fire trucks, ambulances, police cars, tractor-trailers, etc. The event gives children a chance, “to experience different service vehicles and the people that use them in their careers,” according to the Corbin Library website. Touch-a-Truck is expected to be held on July 19 at the Rotary club.
The summer reading program not only allows children the chance to learn through hands-on experiences, but it, “can help improve or maintain your child's skills for the start of the next school year,” said the website.
The program will run until July 19.
For more information about the summer reading program, contact Corbin Public Library at 528-6366 or visit its website at https://www.corbinkylibrary.org/.
SINGAPORE: Eight women and 15 men, aged between 27 and 41, were arrested for various offences during a week-long joint enforcement operation, said the Singapore Police Force in a news release on Wednesday (May 30).
The operation, which was supported by Centreal Narcotics Bureau, was conducted between May 21 and May 27.
Advertisement
The police said that about 700 people at more than 70 residential and commercial units at Yishun, Ang Mo Kio and Sengkang were checked during the operation.
The eight women, arrested under the Women's Charter, were believed to be advertising sexual services online and operated within residential areas.
A total of S$730 in cash and 10 handphones were also seized, said the police.
Eight women were arrested for offences under the Women's Charter. (Photo: Singapore Police Force)
Advertisement
Advertisement
Meanwhile, 14 of the men, aged between 23 and 51, were arrested for offences under the Common Gaming House Act.
Preliminary investigations revealed that four of the men were operating a gambling den while the 10 others were participating in the games.
A 44-year-old man was also arrested at a roadblock for drink-driving, said the police.
Investigation is ongoing, added the police.
The "Big Ben" bell in the British parliament's famous clock tower will cease its regular bongs at noon on Aug. 21, falling silent for most of the next four years while renovation works are carried out, the House of Commons said on Monday.
LONDON: The "Big Ben" bell in the British parliament's famous clock tower will cease its regular bongs at noon on Aug. 21, falling silent for most of the next four years while renovation works are carried out, the House of Commons said on Monday.
The hammers which have struck the 13.7 tonne bell every hour for most of the last 157 years will be locked and disconnected from the clock, although the bongs will still sound for important events such as New Year's Eve celebrations.
"This essential program of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home, the Elizabeth Tower," said Steve Jaggs, Keeper of the Great Clock.
The Palace of Westminster on the bank of the River Thames, home to parliament, is a world heritage site and major tourist attraction, and Jaggs encouraged members of the public to gather in nearby Parliament Square to hear the final bongs next Monday.
The 96-metre-tall Elizabeth Tower, believed to be the most photographed building in the United Kingdom, is already half enveloped in scaffolding as part of a major renovation project.
As part of the works the clock housing Big Ben will be dismantled and each cog examined and restored. The clock's four dials will be cleaned and repaired, their cast iron framework renewed and the hands removed and refurbished.
Advertisement
Advertisement
One working clock face will remain visible at all times, telling the time silently, and it will be powered by a modern electric motor until the original clockwork mechanism is reinstated.
All the other bells which chime every 15 minutes will be silent as well during the works that are due to be completed in 2021 when Big Bell's familiar tolls will begin again.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Michael Holden)
LONDON — A London museum has revealed that the remains of five archbishops of Canterbury were discovered inside a secret tomb beneath its building.
The Garden Museum posted a statement and video Sunday revealing the find, which was made more than a year ago.
The museum sits on a site that used to house the former St. Mary-at-Lambeth Church and is located next to Lambeth Palace, the archbishop of Canterbury's London residence.
The remains were found while builders were renovating the building. They lifted some slabs to reveal a hidden crypt.
Garden Museum director Christopher Woodward says five archbishops were buried in the tomb, including Richard Bancroft.
Bancroft became archbishop in 1604 and played a major role in production of the King James Bible.
The remains of the others have not been identified.
The ongoing leadership debates within the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) have revealed the deep cracks in the party to the public. It seems that the intraparty debates will not end soon as Muharrem İnce, the CHP's presidential candidate for the June 24 elections, shows no sign of giving up on becoming the ultimate leader of the party. "I have no secret agenda or plans. I promised that I will not lie to the people," İnce said yesterday, adding that he openly told the press about his offer to Kılıçdaroğlu to become an honorary chairman of the party and that he become the chairman of the party.
İnce's remarks were made after the CHP leader slammed İnce for revealing publicly what the two talked about in a meeting on Monday evening. In a clear sign showing that he will not give up on the leadership debate, İnce started his countrywide tour to thank electorates in the eastern province of Erzurum, a traditionally conservative region where İnce received 9.9 percent of the votes, compared to the CHP's 4.4 percent. Despite the heated debates engulfing the CHP, İnce claimed that there was no chaos within the party and added that he has brotherly relations with Kılıçdaroğlu.
On Tuesday, İnce had said he had offered Kılıçdaroğlu to call for extraordinary congress and his intention to run for president.
In relation to the issue, Şahin Mengü, a former CHP deputy and a renowned figure within the party, told Daily Sabah that the call for congress by İnce shows that the bridges between İnce and Kılıçdaroğlu were burned.Mengü added that it is the CHP's deputies who would decide whether there will be a congress or not.
According to the CHP's bylaws, the congress can be held with the party chairman's call or the decision of the Party Assembly. It can be also convened with the signatures of one-fifth of the total number of congress delegates.
However, in order to have an election during the congress a simple majority of the total number of congress delegates is needed.
Meanwhile, some of the CHP's young congress delegates, including Sinan Çiftçi, Mehmet Emin Altunses, Burak Esen, Hilal Çokoy and Aylin Ayyıldız, have submitted their signatures for an extraordinary congress demanding that İnce should become the party chairman.
İnce's aim of running for CHP leadership is not new. The now-former Yalova deputy of CHP had ran twice against Kılıçdaroğlu and failed to gain enough support from party delegates both times.
However, after the June 24 parliamentary and presidential elections, İnce has once against voiced his intention to run for chairmanship of the party, building on the support he gained during the presidential race, which was 8 percent ahead of the party itself. İnce had received about 30 percent against his main rival, the incumbent President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who won the elections with 52.6 percent of the vote. CHP had garnered only about 22 percent.
The gap between the votes for İnce and the CHP sparked debates within the party as some party members and supporters called on Kılıçdaroğlu, whom they see as responsible for the repeated failures, to step down.While the leadership debate continues, İnce has ramped up his efforts saying that he will become a presidential candidate again when there is an election. During his visit to the CHP's provincial headquarters in Erzurum, İnce announced that he will launch a membership campaign targeting the youth from Erzurum, which he was unable to visit during his election campaign.
"I will make the opening of the campaign that I will launch on Sep. 9 in Erzurum. This campaign is named 'Let's rule Turkey with the youth," he said.
"The June 24 elections have necessitated an urgent change within the CHP," Aziz Kocaoğlu, CHP's İzmir Metropolitan Mayor, stated yesterday, admitting that the party needs to take significant steps to recover from the failure of the elections.
Kocaoğlu added that the public demands a change from the party as well. He said that this change should be led by the party chairman.
Meanwhile, the CHP's Central Executive Board (MYK) convenes today. In the MYK, the developments following the June 24 elections and the demands for an extraordinary congress will be discussed.
JOHOR BAHRU: The daughter of one of Malaysia's most powerful sultans married her Dutch fiance on Monday (Aug 14) in a ceremony steeped in centuries of tradition during a day of lavish celebrations.
Princess Tunku Tun Aminah Sultan Ibrahim, 31, the only daughter of the Sultan of Johor, tied the knot with Dennis Muhammad Abdullah, 28, capping a romance of more than three years.
The Dutchman, who has converted to Islam, and the princess wed according to Muslim Malay custom at the Serene Hill Palace, the royal family's residence in the southern city of Johor Bahru. The private ceremony was attended by close family and friends.
Dennis Muhammad Abdullah (R) of the Netherlands places the ring on the finger of his bride, Princess Tunku Tun Aminah Sultan Ibrahim. (Photo: Handout/Royal Press Office/AFP)
The groom wore traditional white Malay wedding attire and the bride wore a white dress. Dennis Muhammad placed the wedding ring on Tunku Aminah's finger in a special room in the palace, according to the royal press office.
An evening reception will be the main event which will feature a "sitting-in-state" ceremony, with some 1,200 guests due to attend and crowds expected to watch the event on a big screen in a city square.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There have been frenetic preparations in recent days, with the grounds of the main palace decorated with bunting and main streets adorned with flags.
The princess's wedding ring. (Photo: Handout/Royal Press Office/AFP)
"I am taking my wife and two young children to the city square tonight to witness the live broadcast of the evening celebrations," Azim Mohamad Nurazim, a 34-year-old local salesman, told AFP.
"It is a celebration for all Johoreans. My message to Tunku Aminah and her husband is long and healthy life, and may Allah bless the couple with lots of children."
The Dutchman, who now works for a property development company in Johor, was born Dennis Verbaas and adopted a Muslim name when he converted to Islam in 2015.
Dennis Muhammad Abdullah during the royal wedding. (Photo: Facebook/@TheRoyalJohor)
Johor's royal family is rich and powerful and possesses its own private army - the only state to have one.
Malaysia has a unique arrangement in which the throne changes hands every five years between the rulers of the nine states which are still headed by royalty.
Princess Tunku Tun Aminah Sultan Ibrahim. (Photo: Facebook/@TheRoyalJohor)
The current king is Sultan Muhammad V, from the northern state of Kelantan, who steps down in 2021.
Venezuela's governing socialist party has officially tapped President Nicolas Maduro as its candidate for this year's election.
The Constituent Assembly in Caracas is calling for polls by the end of April. President Nicolas Maduro says he's willing to seek another term in office.
Socialist Party Vice President Diosdado Cabello announced the unanimous decision on Friday. The government has said the election will be held by the end of April.
Maduro succeeded the late President Hugo Chavez, leading the oil-rich country, which is under US sanctions and has fallen into an economic crisis marked by soaring inflation and shortages of food and medicine.
The United States says it will reject the “snap” election. Several Latin American countries condemned holding a vote before Maduro's government and its political opposition complete negotiations aimed at resolving the crisis.
Venezuela's opposition coalition has not selected a candidate or decided if it will participate.
Maduro says that in his second term he will wean Venezuela's economy off of oil production.
Muhiddin Gülal, the head of Turkey's Savings Deposit Insurance Fund (TMSF), has said that a German company is interested in Dumankaya and Fi Yapı, which the government seized after the coup attempt.
Gülal said that they had a meeting with a German company interested in Dumankaya and Fi Yapı, real estate development companies under the management of the TMSF, and that they had signed a confidentiality agreement.
Gülal did not disclose the German company in a statement to the Hürriyet daily on Saturday. "They believe that solving the problem of Dumankaya and Fi Yapı will create prestige. We are in a good spot," he said.
Gülal said both companies need TL 200 million ($67.78 million) each. "Fi Yapı has assets to meet this. TL 200 million is needed at Dumankaya. Its assets meet only half of it. We will close this gap with the German group," Gülal said.
Gülal also said that there are more than 4,000 people who paid to buy housing but did not get their houses from companies that were confiscated by the government after the coup attempt and whose activities were suspended.
Managing around TL 49 billion of assets with 985 companies, the TMSF is the largest holding in Turkey today.
Gülal also said there are 323 trustees appointed, and that they include governors, district governors and former deputies, and the majority are TMSF employees.
He also said the total size of 985 companies that were seized is TL 44.7 billion, and that their combined equity is TL 18.9 billion. As of Dec. 31, the combined assets of the companies were TL 49.3 billion, equity was TL 19.8 billion, and turnover was TL 26.5 billion. The number of employees increased from 47,000 to 48,700, as well.
ERBIL, Iraq: The declining effectiveness of Islamic State attacks against Iraqi forces in eastern Mosul suggests the militants are starting to run out of resources with the campaign in its third month, a U.S. general told Reuters.
Since the U.S.-backed offensive began on Oct. 17, elite troops have retaken a quarter of the city in the biggest ground operation in Iraq since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said the group will be driven out of the country by April.
The second phase of the campaign, launched last week following nearly a month of deadlock, has pushed Islamic State out of several more areas in eastern Mosul despite fierce resistance. Iraqi forces have yet to enter the west.
"They've got a finite amount of resource that are on the eastern side and the fact that their capability is waning indicates that those resources are starting to dwindle," U.S. Army Major General Joseph Martin, head of ground forces for the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State, told Reuters on Sunday.
"I see the commanders' reporting coming in and I see the exquisiteness of their SVBIED (suicide vehicle borne improvised explosive device) system, the sophistication of their SVBIEDs continuing to get lower and lower, the boom of the different IEDs continuing to have a lower yield - all tell me that the enemy's capacity is diminishing over time. We see that as a positive indicator," he said in a phone interview from Baghdad.
Daily suicide attacks and roadside bombs, along with snipers and mortars, have been the most lethal Islamic State tactics in resisting the 100,000-strong Iraqi force.
Despite being pushed back in Mosul, the militants have continued to launch deadly bomb attacks in other parts of the country, including at least twice in the heavily fortified capital Baghdad over the past three days.
An arms monitoring group said last month that the militants had been producing weapons on a scale and sophistication that matched national military forces and had standardised production. The technical precision of their work means it could not be described as "improvised" weapons production, it said in a report.
Martin, who took up his post in mid-November, said it was difficult to know how much ordnance Islamic State has stockpiled in Mosul.
"They've had two years to prepare for this defence and so I don't know how much stuff they have stored inside mosques, inside of schools, inside of hospitals," he said.
The coalition shelled a mortar tube on Sunday located between two schools in eastern Mosul, and last week hit a van carrying Islamic State fighters in a hospital parking lot, possibly incurring civilian casualties.
Martin said the militants were regularly using municipal facilities for military means, including transporting weapons in ambulances.
"As they lose capacity, they never cease to amaze me at the level they will take their despicability. They have done some things during the course of this campaign that I thought, 'It surely can't get any worse than that'," he said.
URBAN TERRAIN
The coalition has bombed all five bridges connecting east and west Mosul, forcing Islamic State to transport casualties across the Tigris River by boat.
Along with Iraq's air force, the coalition is striking some militant positions in the west but for now, Martin said, "our focus principally is on the east side".
He said the Mosul campaign was on track, but "in terms of timeline, we're on Iraqi time. This is going to take some time."
Iraqi forces made initial quick advances in outlying towns and villages which Islamic State had mostly emptied of civilians. But progress slowed as they entered built-up areas of Mosul where they must use caution to avoid civilian casualties.
Islamic State has used the terrain to its advantage, concealing car bombs in narrow alleys, posting snipers on tall buildings with civilians on lower floors, and constructing underground tunnels and surface-level passageways between buildings to avoid detection.
Individual fighters have staged attacks in "liberated" areas which Iraqi forces have struggled to clear fully.
Martin compared Mosul to the American city of Philadelphia, with a civilian population of about 1.8 million and almost 3,000 km (1,900 miles) of roads.
"There's in excess of 200,000 buildings," he said. "Let's say that there are six rooms in each building ... That's 1.2 million rooms that they've got to contend with and make sure that are clear. That's 1.2 million rooms that they've got to discriminate between the enemy and the civilians that live there."
(Reporting by Stephen Kalin; Editing by Alison Williams)
Before your start your 4th of July festivities, be sure to talk to your kids about safety. Krista Norrid is a trauma injury prevention and education specialist at St. John Trauma Center.
ISLAMABAD - Pakistan No 1 tenpin bowler Sardar Ahmer Saldera annexed the Azadi Cup Tenpin Bowling Championship master singles title here at the Leisure City Bowling Club, Safa Gold Mall on late Sunday night.
After last 8 round, Saleem Baig, Sardar Saldera, Aleem Agha, Junaid and Ali Surya earned the right to play the final round. Only Saleem Baig was local lad while other three were form Karachi. The arena was jam-packed and there was hardly any seat available, interestingly all the 4 finalists were former national champions while Ahmer is current champion.
Ahmer grabbed the title with massive total of 392 pins in two games, besides he pocketed Rs 50,000 cash with gold medal. Junaid secured second spot with total of 366 pins and received silver medal and Rs 25,000 cash while Saleem Baig bagged third place with total 347 pins and got Rs 10,000 cash and bronze medal.
Portugal Ambassador Joao Paulo Sabido Costa graced the occasion as chief guest, while Pushtoon Committee Islamabad president Javed Bangash, Ali Khan and Air Marshal Ikram distributed cash prizes ranging from Rs 3000 to 50,000 among the position holders.
Sharing his views, Pakistan Tenpin Bowling Federation (PTBF) secretary Ijaz Ur Rehman said: “It is highly satisfactory for me and the entire federation that young guns are showing their skills and winning top positions, which is indeed a great sign for us. I have fought for years to give this beautiful sport the place, which it deserves. The way the bowlers have been participating in huge numbers is a clear sign that youth is taking keen interest in it, while females also participated in great number.
“I once again request PSB director general Akhtar Ganjera to allocate a land for us, so that we may construct international-standard bowling alley and conduct world cup there, which will open floodgates of international sports on Pakistan,” he concluded.
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father's Day destination this weekend.
For almost 40 years, audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker, cinema's most famous father and son duo.
Now comes STAR WARS Identities, a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way.
Developed and produced by Montreal's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd., the exhibition - at London's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars.
The stunning collection of some 200 props, models, costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films, an interactive identity quest, and insightful scientific content, will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are, and at the same time explore their own identity with one question: What forces shape you?
“This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars,” says Jacques-André Dupont, President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions.
“We get a deeper understanding of their identities, and, at the same time, we get a deeper understanding of our own.
The collection, the interactive components, and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors. It's a character-driven adventure into identity.”
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors, exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes: the origins of the characters, the influences that shape them, and the choices they make during their life. Within these three themes, ten components of human identity are explored: species, genes, parents, and culture in Origins; mentors, friends, and marking events in Influences; and occupation, personality, and values in the final zone,Choices.
These components form the backbone of the exhibition, exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction. Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity; simultaneously, “making-of” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters, explaining how they became who they are, and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether.
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props, models, costumes, and artwork from the original Star Wars films. This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon, drawing from the classic (1977-1983) and prequel (1999-2005) trilogies, the animated series The Clone Wars, as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars: The Force Awakens. Fan favourites like Darth Vader, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Boba Fett, Yoda, and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations.
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit.
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content, this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements. Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition's central theme.
In order to develop the exhibition's scientific content, X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields, including genetics, neuropsychology, health sciences, and psychology. Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition's structure, and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences.
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades, but it is in the public's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world. The films continue to resonate today because of their universality: we identify with the characters of Star Wars, and we recognise ourselves in their journeys.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
New Delhi: In a bid to encourage export, the government announced that the Minimum Export Price (MEP) for all varieties of onions will be abolished henceforth.
In an official notification, the Directorate General of Foreign Trade on Friday said the requirement of MEP on the export of onions stands omitted till further orders.
It further stated that all varieties of onions can now be exported without any MEP.
The same was reiterated by Commerce Minister Suresh Prabhu.
The firm exhortation by Nigeria FA boss, Amaju Pinnick, to win the African Nations Championship trophy for President Muhammadu Buhari will be ringing in the ears of the Super Eagles as they file out against host nation Morocco in the Final on Sunday.
The CAF Executive Committee member and AFCON President Pinnick met with the players and commended them after the win over Sudan in Marrakech on Wednesday.
But the big message was that they could not afford to go this far only to go down to the host country.
He said: “On behalf of the NFF Executive Committee and the entire Nigerian Football family, I praise you for your tremendous efforts in getting this far in the face of numerous challenges. You are great ambassadors of our dear nation.
“However, the truth is that you have raised the expectations of the Government and people of Nigeria back home, and now you just have to do all that it will take to win the Cup. President Muhammadu Buhari (GCFR) has been following with keen interest your campaign here, and the only way to compensate him for his support and encouragement is to go back home with the CHAN trophy.”
Nigeria drew with Rwanda in their opening match in Tangier on January 15, but has since achieved victories over 2014 champions Libya, Equatorial Guinea, Angola and Sudan to be eligible for the Championship Match inside the Stade Mohamed V in Casablanca on Sunday evening.
Yet, they would start as underdogs against the Atlas Lions, who apart from playing on the too-familiar turf of their main temple, have logged an impressive 12 goals so far and are egged by the whole of Morocco.
Nigeria's Head Coach, Salisu Yusuf, reacts to that: “Every team is beatable. If we do the right things, we will beat Morocco.”
Yusuf has coped commendably with setbacks in this tournament, having to think up the right formula to come back from deficit levels against Equatorial Guinea and Angola, and to re-jig his squad after several first-team players were knocked out by injury before the semi final against Sudan.
Even therein, he had to strategize for resistance against Sudan after they had to play half an hour with 10 men against 11.
Going into Sunday's final, former Nigeria international Yusuf is tested further with injury to goalkeeper and captain Ikechukwu Ezenwa in the semifinal ruling him out of the big clash and 45,000 home fans cheering on the Atlas Lions.
Yusuf said: “In football, you have to be prepared for anything. We have managed a few situations through the campaign and still have to manage some going into the final match. I believe we will cope well and overcome.”
In 19 previous encounters between both countries at senior level, Morocco edged the record with eight wins, with Nigeria winning seven times and four matches drawn.
Interestingly, their first confrontation (a two-leg Tokyo '64 Olympics qualifying fixture) ended in a tie that had to be resolved by a play-off in a neutral ground (Dakar).
The Moroccans edged that 2-1.
Morocco beat Nigeria twice in five days in Ethiopia in 1976 to win their only Africa Cup of Nations title till date. Nigeria avenged when pipping the Atlas Lions 1-0 in the semi finals of the 1980 AFCON in Lagos before going ahead to defeat Algeria in the Final for their first title.
Nigeria eliminated Morocco in the race for 1970 FIFA World Cup and the 1976 Olympics, but the Lions stopped Nigeria from reaching the Los Angeles '84 Olympics.
In their only previous CHAN encounter, Nigeria came from three goals down to defeat Morocco 4-3 after extra time in the quarter finals in Cape Town four years ago.
Incidentally, when Morocco hosted the Africa Cup of Nations 20 years ago, Nigeria got to the Final, eventually losing to Cameroon by a controversial second half penalty converted by Emmanuel Kunde at the same Stade Mohamed V on 27th March 1988.
On Sunday, while the Super Eagles must beware of ambitious Atlas Lions in the shape of eight-goal Ayoub El Kaabi, Walid El Karti, Zakaria Hadraf, Salaheddine Saidi, Ismail El Haddad and Abdeljalil Jbria that Coach Jamal Sellami will send out, the Lions themselves have to worry about in-form Nigerian striker Gabriel Okechukwu, as well as Anthony Okpotu, Dayo Ojo, Rabiu Ali, Osas Okoro and Augustine Oladapo.
Youth and Sports Minister, Solomon Dalung, will lead the Nigerian support at the Stade Mohamed V on Sunday. Kick-off is 7pm Morocco (8pm Nigeria time).
Both teams have an extra motivation in form of a $1.25 million winners prize.
The runner-up will go home with $750,000.
Enter to win a pair of tickets to M.C. Hammer Friday, September 8th at STAPLES Center!
Tickets go on sale Tuesday, August 15th at 10am at axs.com!
It costs money to pull permits and carry out inspections for new building, whether it's a $150,000 house or a $20 million apartment complex.
Proposed changes to what Raleigh charges for these tasks would hike fees for developers by $6 million annually to meet what the city considers its cost of doing the work. With these changes, Raleigh's Development Services Department would increase its budget from $13 million to $15.4 million, offering perks such as increased opportunities to meet with inspectors face-to-face and to have one inspector sign off on the work of multiple trades, including electricians and plumbers.
According to a new city survey, Raleigh residents see the handling of growth as an important city function that isn't particularly well handled. The new fees are intended to make sure new construction pays the city's cost for ensuring high standards and that developers are served in a timely manner.
The new system, scheduled for a February 21 public hearing before the city council, will bring Raleigh's fees closer to those of comparable cities, although they will still lag far behind the amounts charged by benchmark governments in Austin, Texas, and Loudon County, Virginia, according to a study Raleigh commissioned.
"The fees were no longer aligned with what the cost of services were," says Hamid Dolikhani, the department's assistant director. "If it had remained with the old fee rate, the gap would be around six million dollars."
Council members who were interviewed and developers both appear likely to support the changes. "I won't say how I'm going to vote, but I agree with the principle," says council member Kay Crowder.
As might be expected, there are some caveats on the developers' side. Raleigh developer Tom Anhut, who cochaired a yearlong advisory committee of developers, said in a letter presented to council on January 17 that the committee is worried about Raleigh recovering 100 percent of its direct costs for new commercial projects. The city, meanwhile, is setting new fees for residential development that will pay back about 89 percent of its costs. It will eat the rest so that Raleigh home prices remain competitive with other markets.
"Our goal has always been to ensure that Raleigh remains an attractive, competitive and viable place to do business and that there is recognition of the perpetual increase in tax base and economic benefit derived from development," Anhut wrote. "Additionally, the study's scope was limited to the fees associated with Development Services which is just one aspect of the overall cost of development in the City of Raleigh. There are other significant costs and requirements which are unique to Raleigh that we believe should be taken into account when benchmarking the overall cost of development against other municipalities."
Anhut, who did not return a call from the INDY, ended his note with the hope that any fee increase would be phased in to give developers time to adjust.
Austin is often compared to Raleigh, Nashville, and other meccas for growth and development. It charges development fees far in excess of Raleigh, most notably for commercial projects. A chart presented at a January lunch session showed that Raleigh's land development fee for a three-lot subdivision is $702 and would increase to $2,155 under the new proposal.
"That increase would be felt more by the land seller," says Suzanne Harris, vice president of governmental affairs for the Home Builders Association of Raleigh-Wake County. "The developer's going to say, 'Sorry, how much did you want for that land?"
The increased figure is still less than the amounts charged by Cary and Charlotte. In Austin, the corresponding fee for a three-lot subdivision is $10,766. For an office building, Raleigh's land-development fee would rise from $1,576 to $2,293. Again, Austin's is far higher: $14,049. Finally, a house in the $250,000 range would bring fees of $1,600, compared to a little more than $1,000 currently. Austin's fee at this level is roughly comparable with Raleigh's.
Harris says increased fees can lead to higher home prices at a time when affordable housing is a key issue for Raleigh. Again, comparing the City of Oaks with Austin, the median cost for existing housing in Raleigh is $156,000, up 5.9 percent since 2006; Austin's is $225,000, up 38.9 percent during the same period, both according to a 2015 survey.
The association Harris represents, as well as other developers, became part of the process of setting new fees, and groups speaking for schools, neighborhoods, and hospitals were invited to join in. Developers' representatives aren't likely to try to derail the entire proposal, but they would like some of its effects to be moderated.
"I think the ship has sailed on [the entire package], honestly," Harris says. "I don't know that we would get a lot of footholds to say, 'Crush it.'"
As in Anhut's written comments, developers may home in on modifying the new fee structure so that, for instance, it is phased in over a couple of years and that people who are already in the permitting process could continue at the rate quoted them.
Council member Mary-Ann Baldwin says the new fee structure could eventually lead to recovery of about $1 million in the department's indirect costs, such as financial, human resources, and legal services.
"It's a starting place," Baldwin says.
This article appeared in print with the headline "Development's in the Details."
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began is running for office again.
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
(AP Photo/Bob Christie, File). FILE - In this Feb. 14, 2017, file photo, state Rep. Don Shooter gestures on the floor of the Arizona House in Phoenix, Ariz. Shooter, who was kicked out of the legislature earlier this year because of a lengthy pattern o...
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says two companies would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike.
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
(AP Photo/Isaac Brekken, File). File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing...
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
Eric Greitens' planned resignation as Missouri governor will elevate another Republican military veteran to the office, but one with more experience in working with state lawmakers.
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced his r...
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, left, talks to Lt. Gov. Mike Parson during the Governor's Ham Breakfast at the Missouri State Fair in Sedalia, Mo. Greitens abruptly announced his r...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
The Latest: Next governor will take oath in private ceremony
The Latest: Next governor will take oath in private ceremony
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die.".
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
By The Associated Press
Ambien and similar sleep aids are well-known for sometimes causing some weird behavioral side effects, but changing one's political or cultural views is not one of them.
Roseanne Barr partly blamed the insomnia drug in explaining a tweet that led ABC to cancel her show: "It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting," she wrote.
Until this week, Ambien's most headline-grabbing behavioral side effect was "sleep-driving," essentially sleepwalking except getting behind the wheel and going for a drive with no memory of doing so.
But people also have reported making phone calls, eating meals, having sex and doing other things that they don't remember after taking so-called "sedative-hypnotic" medications. People charged with crimes occasionally even have tried "the Ambien defense."
Doctors call these "complex sleep behaviors." On its official Ambien labeling, manufacturer Sanofi calls the side effects "abnormal thinking and behavioral changes" - changes that can include decreased inhibition.
"It's behavior that's done when the individual is in a sense both asleep and awake at the same time," explained University of Pittsburgh sleep medicine specialist Dr. Daniel Buysse. It's not so different from how people sometimes behave under the influence of alcohol, he added, and it can be hard to tell if the behavior really was due to the drug.
And while it's not clear how common such side effects are, Ambien's instructions clearly state: Take it right before you get into bed, and only if you plan to stay there for 7 or 8 hours.
"You should take it and lie down. Read a book or something" but don't wander around or get on the computer or do other things waiting for the medicine to kick in, said Dr. Marc Schlosberg, a sleep medicine specialist at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
Sanofi said Wednesday in a tweet that "while all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Barr later tweeted that she has had odd experiences while taking the drug late at night. "I blame myself, not Ambien," she tweeted.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LONDON: The "Big Ben" bell in the British parliament's famous clock tower will cease its regular bongs at noon on Aug 21, falling silent for most of the next four years while renovation works are carried out, the House of Commons said on Monday.
The hammers which have struck the 13.7 tonne bell every hour for most of the last 157 years will be locked and disconnected from the clock, although the bongs will still sound for important events such as New Year's Eve celebrations.
"This essential program of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home, the Elizabeth Tower," said Steve Jaggs, Keeper of the Great Clock.
The Palace of Westminster on the bank of the River Thames, home to parliament, is a world heritage site and major tourist attraction, and Jaggs encouraged members of the public to gather in nearby Parliament Square to hear the final bongs next Monday.
The 96-metre-tall Elizabeth Tower, believed to be the most photographed building in the United Kingdom, is already half enveloped in scaffolding as part of a major renovation project.
As part of the works the clock housing Big Ben will be dismantled and each cog examined and restored. The clock's four dials will be cleaned and repaired, their cast iron framework renewed and the hands removed and refurbished.
Advertisement
Advertisement
One working clock face will remain visible at all times, telling the time silently, and it will be powered by a modern electric motor until the original clockwork mechanism is reinstated.
All the other bells which chime every 15 minutes will be silent as well during the works that are due to be completed in 2021 when Big Bell's familiar tolls will begin again.
(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; editing by Michael Holden)
By Philip Blenkinsop and Michel Rose
PARIS (Reuters) - The United States and European Union could still negotiate a trade deal even if Washington imposes import tariffs on EU steel and aluminium, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Wednesday.
EU leaders agreed earlier in May to open discussions about market access for U.S. products, but only if Washington grants the EU a permanent exemption from tariffs. The EU now has a temporary exemption, which expires on Friday.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," Ross told a panel at the Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
The U.S. envoy said that China was a good case in point, having agreed to negotiate with the United States despite U.S. tariffs on certain Chinese exports going into effect in March.
"China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate," he said. "It's only the EU that is insisting we can't negotiate if there are tariffs."
He did not say whether the United States goes ahead and slaps tariffs on EU metals. European Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom said on Tuesday she expected some sort of U.S. measure to limit EU exports.
A French presidential adviser said "nothing very positive" had come out of recent efforts to stop the U.S. tariffs, adding: "If that's the American decision, the European response will be firm," mentioning counter-measures on selected U.S. products.
Ross, who was due to talk to Malmstrom later on Wednesday, said the EU had shown limited interest in serious trade negotiations with the United States until a threat of tariffs.
TTIP DEAL OFF
The 28-member bloc shelved talks towards an ambitious EU-U.S. trade deal known as TTIP after Donald Trump's presidential election victory in 2016.
Dutch Trade Minister Sigrid Kaag, on the same panel, said EU countries agreed that U.S. trade measures designed to protect national security simply should not apply to them and they did not feel they should negotiate, even if China did.
Kaag added that a 1962 trade law allowing protection for U.S. producers on national security grounds that Donald Trump has invoked belongs to a different era.
Ross also denied claims that U.S. tariffs would harm its own steel-consuming industries. The price of a can of soup would rise just a fraction of a cent and car prices would go up by less than 1 percent, he said.
"The sky has not fallen on the United States since we put the tariffs on. It hasn't fallen and it won't," he said, adding that about 20 steel or aluminium facilities had opened or reopened since the tariffs were first announced.
Ross also took aim at the World Trade Organization, where Washington has blocked appointments to its appeals chamber, effectively engineering a crisis in the system of settling global disputes.
Any dispute mechanism that takes multiple years to settle cases is "no good", he said, labelling a 14-year case over subsidies for aircraft Airbus "a joke".
Talk of just tweaking the WTO, as EU countries have suggested, is wrong, he said.
"The problem is that people have begun in many multilateral organisations to substitute conversation for action. We don't think just raising issues is adequate," Ross said.
(Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop and Michel Rose, editing by Mark Heinrich)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
One glass eye
Editor: Despite the wealth of information, the overabundance of platforms of media, the seemingly unending swirl of snippets of story lines — both real and imagined — passed between consumers in the comfort zone of our chosen echo chamber, we have devolved into a less-rounded informed species.
We were a much more enlightened people when we had only four television channels, competing newspapers, journals and magazines, a shortwave radio and organic interactions based on touch and nuance.
As journalist and media critic A.J. Liebling once said about having only one newspaper in a city: “It's like a man with one eye, and often the eye is glass.” Unfortunately today we have millions of those glass eyes in our cozy bunkers to assuage our preconceived ideals.
JEFFREY PETRUCCI
SOUTH ABINGTON TWP.
Ineptitude rewarded
Editor: In 2012, Thomas E. Mann and Norman J. Ornstein wrote “It's Even Worse Than It Looks,” one of the young millennium's most important books on U.S. politics, especially the role of Congress. Six years earlier in their first book together, they laid the foundation for the second.
An excerpt from the preface in the first book, “The Broken Branch...” states that, “when the Republican majority in both houses of Congress found itself with a Republican president (in 2001), (it was) the first time that alignment had occurred since 1954. The majority saw itself more as a group of foot soldiers in the president's army than as members of an independent branch of government. Serious congressional oversight of the executive largely disappeared and long-standing norms in the House and Senate were shredded to fulfill the larger goal of implementing the president's program.”
With no obligation to legislate independently, what would they do? The answer is, practically nothing important. Republican legislators would go to their respective states and districts to schmooze constituents, attempting to persuade them that they were in good hands. There were three-day workweeks in Washington while Democratic legislators chafed at the loss of a meaningful role.
When things started to run up on the rocks in the Bush presidency, Republicans complained, but not loudly. When Barack Obama became president, Republicans energetically offered intractability, intransigence and obstruction in a program of opposition (typified by their 60-plus attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act). They became “the party of no.”
In the Bush and Obama years, Republicans forgot how — through sloth and antagonism — to do the hard work of lawmaking. This was clearly observed in the stumbling, bumbling and fumbling during the 18 days of the attempted repeal and replacement of Obamacare.
RICHARD J. YOST
SOUTH ABINGTON TWP.
Cuts unwarranted
Editor: When President Trump proposed cuts of 31 percent for the Environmental Protection Agency in his budget he revealed his absolute disregard for clean air and water.
One of the arguments made to support his cuts is that states can better handle threats to the environment. Pollution, however, does not respect state boundaries. In the 1980s, sulfur emissions from coal-fired Midwestern power plants were being carried east by prevailing winds. The resulting acid rain over the Northeast harmed aquatic life in streams and lakes, damaged forests and even corroded building exteriors.
Under President George H.W. Bush the Clean Air Act was amended in 1990 to require a reduction in sulfur emissions. Thanks to the bipartisan support in Congress, the effects of acid rain have diminished.
Mercury pollution, again from Midwest power plants, harmed fish in the Great Lakes. Since the power plants reduced emissions, toxic mercury levels have fallen and fish caught in the Great Lakes can again be consumed by humans.
Rivers also cross state borders. The Susquehanna and Delaware river basin commissions are multistate agencies responsible for preventing downstream pollution in the states along those rivers.
Today, pollution and invasive species threaten the Great Lakes, particularly Lake Erie, which borders Pennsylvania. Cleaning up the Chesapeake Bay is an ongoing effort. Coal mining waste harms trout streams. Methane emissions threaten air quality. These problems require federal funding and cooperation across state borders.
Polls show citizens overwhelmingly want clean air and water. Members of Congress should respect their wishes with bipartisan opposition to Trump's drastic EPA budget cut proposal.
JANET CROWTHER
BENTON TWP.
Warming and ticks
Editor: I had a very visceral response to “Ticks on uptick” (April 10) in the sense that it literally made my skin crawl. These tiny creatures are a nuisance in both backyards and forests. I know someone who spent a few weeks in a hospital getting blood transfusions as a result of being bitten.
The role of climate change may not be the first thing that comes to mind when we think about ticks, but with Lyme disease on the ascent in the United States, with reported cases doubling since 1990, it's time to ponder the connection. In fact, it's urgent that we pay attention.
Pennsylvania leads the nation in Lyme disease, a debilitating bacterial infection that has long-term effects and can even be fatal. Global warming has led to lingering summer weather here, which allows deer ticks a longer feeding and reproduction period and in turn leads to more infected larvae. The milder weather is also hospitable to the white-footed mouse, which is a host to the ticks. Ticks were less likely to go dormant over the winter due to spotty or negligible snowfall, so they are already showing up this spring.
A Yale study suggested that as the planet warms more reports of Lyme disease will be expected in the upper Midwest to match the amount of cases in the upper Northeast. We must continue to be vigilant in our efforts to reduce carbon dioxide pollution and we risk upsetting our fragile ecosystem and inundating ourselves with unwanted and dangerous pests.
CYNTHIA HAVESON VELORIC
GLADWYNE,
MONTGOMERY COUNTY
Designers are focussing in on the dress in every way – but how to wear it now? With all the ease and attitude of a T-shirt, black fishnet tights, or look-at-me earrings, this pretty go-with-the-flow classic has staying power. From Altuzarra's tie-dyed pleated plaid, to Topshop's zebra-print offering, choose styles in fluid silks, cottons and chiffons and keep hemlines to a flattering mid-calf grazing length. Here are Vogue's pick of the best anywhere, anytime dresses.
1 /39 Ruffled Floral-Print Dress, Vetements, Rs 99,315 Silk Dress, Erdem, Rs 123,900 Metallic Dress, Dodo BarOr, Rs 48,060 Satin Dress, Dior, Rs 233,630 Satin Dress, Ellery, Rs 80,935 Silk Dress, Keji, Rs 47,140 Silk Dress, Bally, Rs 83,015 Silk Dress, Fendi, Rs 221,090 Pleated Dress, Gucci, Rs 228,570 Polka-Dot Dress, Rosetta Getty, Rs 165,170 Frilled Dress, & Other Stories, Rs 5,760 Zebra-Print Dress, Topshop Unique, Rs 24,620 Silk Dress, Stella McCartney, Rs 116,45 Georgette Dress, Roksanda, Rs 108,070 Printed Tunics, Zara, Rs 4,170 Mix Patterned Dress, Duro Olowu, Rs 93,050 Floral Dress, MSGM, Rs 41,060 Mousseline Dress, See By Chloe, Rs 28,790 Floral Dress, Proenza Schouler, Rs 113,090 Polka-Dot Dress, Magda Butrym, Rs 82,180 Floral-Print Dress, McQ by Alexander McQueen, Rs 35,040 Printed Dress, Ganni, Rs 27,950 Embellished Dress, Miu Miu, Rs 221,905 Silk Embroidered Dress, Orla Kiely, Rs 43,390 Embroidered Dress, Ulla Johnson, Rs 42,550 Embroidered Dress, Vilshenko, Rs 70,920 Patterned Dress, Next, Rs 5,420 Striped Dress, Baum & Pferdgarten, Rs 18,270 Floral Silk Dress, Creatures Of The Wind, Rs 131,830 Checked Dress, Claudie Pierlot, Rs 19,945 Asymmetric Slip Dress, La Mamia, Rs 79,270 Pleated Dress, Altuzarra, Rs 136,600 Floral Dress, Coach 1941, Rs 64,655 Striped Metallic Dress, Missoni, Price on Enquiry Printed Dress, Marni, Rs 96,765 Crepe Dress, Prada, Rs 211,045 Floral-Print Dress, Rebecca Taylor, Rs 41,295 Printed Dress, Rixo, Rs 26,280 Elephant-Print Dress, Rochas, Rs 123,80
This article originally appeared on Vogue.co.uk
BEIJING: President Xi Jinping delivered a blistering nationalist speech on Tuesday (Mar 20), warning against any attempts to split China and touting the country's readiness to fight "the bloody battle" to regain its rightful place in the world.
Xi's address capped an annual session of the National People's Congress that paved the way for him to rule for life, as China's most powerful leader since Mao Zedong pushes through his vision of guiding the country through a "new era" of unrivalled global military and economic supremacy.
Days after President Donald Trump signed new rules allowing top-level US officials to travel to Taiwan, Xi warned that Beijing would defend its "one China principle", which sees the self-ruling island as its territory awaiting reunification.
"All acts and tricks to separate the country are doomed to fail and will be condemned by the people and punished by history," Xi said.
But he also sought to address concerns about ambitious Chinese development projects abroad, saying they "will not pose a threat to any country."
"Only those who are accustomed to threatening others will see everyone as a threat," he added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Xi used the speech to espouse his vision of realising the "rejuvenation of the Chinese nation" - the "greatest dream" of the world's second-largest economy.
"The Chinese people have been indomitable and persistent, we have the spirit of fighting the bloody battle against our enemies to the bitter end," he said.
But his speech was also a reminder that the Communist Party, more than ever, reigns over the country's affairs.
"History has already proven and will continue to prove that only socialism can save China," he said.
"The Communist Party is the supreme political leadership of the country and the fundamental guarantee to achieve the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation."
INDEFINITE RULE
The two-week session of the National People's Congress handed Xi, 64, a second term and endorsed the Communist Party's decision to lift presidential term limits, clearing the way for him to remain in power indefinitely after his second term ends in 2023.
His eponymous political philosophy, which was enshrined in the party charter last year, was added to the national constitution and senior government officials had to swear an oath to the document for the first time.
Some of Xi's key lieutenants were also promoted to top positions. His former anti-corruption czar, Wang Qishan, was elevated to the vice presidency while his top economic adviser, Liu He, became vice premier.
Wang could use his experience as a trade negotiator to deal with rocky relations with the Trump administration, while Liu is expected to have an influential role in economic policymaking.
The legislature also approved the biggest government shake-up in years, merging the banking and insurance regulators to tackle financial risks, and amended the constitution to expand the Communist Party's role in the country's affairs.
Xi's campaign against corruption within the Communist Party, which punished 1.5 million officials in five years, was expanded as the legislature voted Tuesday to create a national agency that will scrutinise millions of public servants.
"The Communist Party of China must ... resolutely eliminate" corruption, Xi said.
The government's propaganda machine worked in overdrive to nurture a cult of personality around Xi and stamp out dissenting views during the two-week session.
The People's Daily, the Communist Party's mouthpiece, referred to Xi as the "helmsman" last weekend, an echo of Mao who was known as "the great helmsman".
The abolition of term limits triggered a rare bout of criticism on social media, prompting censors to block dozens of phrases such as "I disagree" or "emperor" as well as satirical images such as Winnie the Pooh - the cartoon bear that some compare to Xi.
China has stepped up its crackdown on civil society since Xi took power in 2012, tightening online restrictions and detaining hundreds of activists and lawyers.
I am excited for Reveley's retirement. There, I said it. I think that this is a promising time for the school. Throughout my freshman year at this school, I've had some of the best experiences of my life. But I have also noticed that there are some underlying problems within the student population, especially concerning issues of race. Now before anyone jumps to conclusions, I am not pinning race issues on Reveley, nor am I saying that the College of William and Mary is the only place suffering from these problems. But we all saw the swastikas that popped up on campus after Trump's election, as well as the heckling that both the LGBTQ and minority communities experienced throughout the year. I think this all culminated in the Black Lives Matter movement's meeting with President Reveley, and I think that his responses to their concerns made me look forward to change in the future.
I am eternally grateful to President Reveley for the time that he gave to the school, but I think it is time to look at the future of the College with hope and anticipation.
Taylor Reveley pulled this school together in a time of instability and helped the College progress greatly during his tenure. He is beloved by a large part of the student body, and just mentioning his name around campus elicits hushed stories ringing of awe and wonder. I am eternally grateful to President Reveley for the time that he gave to the school, but I think it is time to look at the future of the College with hope and anticipation. I think that a new president will bring with him or her the opportunity for progress. The social issues at this school will see new light under new leadership, and any time power changes hands there is the possibility of real, tangible change.
Let's all be real here for a second: the Black Lives Matter meeting with Reveley did not go well, on either side.
Let's all be real here for a second: the Black Lives Matter meeting with Reveley did not go well, on either side. No one left that conversation feeling justified or content, and I think we can all agree that it was not a good look for the College, regardless of who we feel was right. I think that Reveley's message of, “It hasn't been fixed before, so it can't be fixed now,” was inappropriate and disheartening, but I do not hold it against the man. I just think that this was a good indicator that it is time for change, and I think we should all be ready for it.
President Reveley was a great president of the College, and I think he should be remembered this way. But no one can keep their job forever, and there is no better time than now for change. I will remember Reveley's final two years here fondly, but I have hope that the next two after him will be even better. I hope that the new president makes diversity a priority, and I am confident that the search committee will do their job well. Changing a culture takes a community, but a new president is a good start. Let's make William and Mary shout “I love our colors,” not “I've got color too!”
Email Sam de Vignier-Awad at [email protected]
A senator representing Plateau northern senatorial district, Jonah Jang, has clashed verbally with the current member of the house of representatives for Jos South/Jos East, Edward Pwajok, over the latter's ambition to succeed Mr. Jang in 2019.
The clash came as a result of a radio programme, in which the senator, a former governor of the state, said the “senate seat is not for young persons.”
The senator is one of the elderly lawmakers on the tickets of their states serving in the upper legislative chamber.
Legislative aide to Mr. Pwajok, Ayuba Pam, on Saturday, while reacting to the views of the former governor, said age should not be a barrier for anyone who wants to run for the Senate.
Currently, there are posters of Mr. Pwajok, indicating his interest in succeeding Mr. Jang, as the senator representing the northern senatorial district in the state.
“Late GNS Pwajok (Gyang Pwajok) was in the senate through that mindset and was later to succeed him as governor but for the defeat by APC.
“If he says senate is not for the youths then ask him to define which bracket of youths he's talking of? Our extant laws allow youths participation in governance and thankfully too, Jang was in chamber last year when the senate passed ‘the young shall rule' bill.
“Ask him further on this if there was any age limit as to who contests for the seat of the senate?” Pwajok's aide explained.
Mr. Pam added further that “it was Jang's opinion, which he was free to express.”
He said that if Jang seriously holds that view, “he would not have allowed a younger person to aspire to succeed him.”
However, responding to Mr. Pwajok's legislative aide, Mr. Jang's media consultant, Clinton Garba, in a telephone interview Saturday said that Mr. Jang must have been talking out of experience “as a former governor and serving senator.”
“My take is that the Senator's point of view is taken out of context. He simply stated that most parliament upper chambers are meant for people with vast experiences which comes with age hence why most of them are older.
“He went ahead to state that there are youth who have gotten experience and he himself mentioned GNS, so I think his emphasis is the experience that most times come with age of course with exceptions like he rightly stated. I will continue to respect him for his frankness and not just been politically correct.,” Mr. Jang's media consultant sad.
The former governor had also during the radio programme held on Friday, revealed that skirmishes in the state had continued because his successor, governor Simon Lalong “does not have the listening ears of Plateau elders.”
“Your Governor (Simon Lalong) said he has brought peace, while there is no peace; he should be bold enough to consult some of us, we have been there as governor before him,” Mr. Jang told a contributor who called in during the phone in programme.
On the rotation of political offices in the state, Mr. Jang revealed that the purported zoning was “a gentleman agreement not written anywhere.”
“There has never been a time Plateau people sat to agree on zoning; I was the best when Plateau elected me (Jang) as governor and senator respectively.”
Mr. Jang also denied that his predecessor gave him a car.
“Nobody has given me any car, and moreso that I am entitled to two cars every four years as a former governor. Let me be given my entitlement as a former governor,” Mr. added.
By Sue Webber
Contributing Writer
The Rogers City Council Sept. 26 awarded a $1.8 million contract to Kuechle Underground, Inc. for a sanitary sewer extension and street improvements for Justen Circle/Linden Avenue.
The watermain will be extended from the southwest corner of the intersection of Highway 81 and Highway 13, according to City Engineer Bret Weiss.
The project will accomplish several goals for the city, Weiss said.
Watermain will be extended to the Lennar project, from south of Highway 81 to south of Interstate 94 to serve Laurel Creek and other areas south of the freeway. The watermain was a requirement of the developer's agreement for Laurel Creek, Weiss said, adding, “We need to get water service to the Lennar property by Dec. 1.”
The Justen Circle street connection to Highway 101 (Brockton Lane) is located close to the existing railroad tracks and Highway 81 along Justen Circle and across I-94 to the south side of Territorial Road, Weiss said. “As traffic volumes increase and the Brockton Interchange is constructed, there will be pressure to reduce this intersection to right in/right out, or close it completely,” Weiss said. Staff has been working with property owners to plan for an extension of Justen Circle to the south to connect with Territorial Road, to provide the primary access for area businesses in the future, he said.
Justen Circle and Linden Drive are rated two of the worst streets in Rogers, according to Weiss. “This project allows for the reconstruction of those streets as part of the franchise fee pavement management program,” Weiss said. “Justen Circle was previously constructed under Hassan Township and was not constructed per current (Rogers) city standards.”
Sanitary sewer will be extended to all properties prior to the street construction and as part of the watermain extension. Several area property owners are experiencing failing septic systems and have expressed interest in connecting to city sewer and water, Weiss said.
Kuechle Underground Inc. was the lowest of 11 bidders on the project, Weiss said, adding that their bid was less than the engineer's original estimate of $1.9 million for the project. Bids on the project ranged from $1.8 million to $2.6 million, he said.
Financing for the complete $2.2 million project will come from Lennar, assessment agreements, pavement management funds, and Hennepin County, as well as watermain and sanitary sewer trunk funds, Weiss said earlier.
Construction will begin in October and will be completed in two phases, with the utilities and gravel roadway slated for 2017 and the pavement and final completion scheduled for June 2018.
“This project solves a lot of problems in the area,” Weiss said. “It's a great improvement for this area. It has a big price tag, but we're trying to address future problems.”
Councilor Bruce Gorecki said, “With Lennar coming in, it's pretty important that we do this right.”
The council last week also authorized construction services to be performed by WSB & Associates.
SITE PLAN AMENDMENT FOR CABELA'S
In another agenda item, the council approved a preliminary plat and site plan amendment for Cabela's, at 20200 Rogers Drive.
As part of the sale of Cabela's to Bass Pro Shops, Cabela's is seeking to subdivide its existing site to create two new lots. The site plan approved for Cabela's in 2005 requires an amendment, according to Sheila Sellman, Rogers Community Development coordinator and city planner.
Lot 1 will continue to be Cabela's retail store, Sellman said. Lots 2 and 3 will be for future retail/commercial uses.
Employee parking and RV parking will remain until the lots are sold, Sellman said. Once the lots are sold, RV parking will no longer be offered, and employee parking will be on the east side of the building.
I had the opportunity to help build and decorate a large, traditional jar with French artist Pietro Bruzzi, who is known as Pierrot. He is a third-generation potter in the town of Vallauris in the South of France, near the border with Italy. Although I initially visited to watch him demonstrate the coil-building technique that was developed well over 2000 years ago during Roman times and even earlier, Pierrot invited me to help him build a jar to learn about the process first hand.
These jars, made and decorated by various artists, can be found all over the town of Vallauris. The town of Biot, 8 miles from Vallauris, also has a tradition and history of making jars in this manner. The clay is essentially a sandstone-colored cone-6 clay body with fine grog, now purchased at a ceramic supplier. The clay that was used in earlier times was an iron-rich, low-temperature clay that was mined in the area. Although these functional jars were once used for storage, now they decorate the town of Vallauris, lining the streets, filled with flowers and ornamentation, and decorated by many artists.
Vallauris was once known for its functional utilitarian ware. At a high point for pottery exportation during in the 17th century, there were over 200 potteries in the town, all employing potters to produce functional ware. The jars, like all of the pottery in Vallauris, were exported throughout the Mediterranean region. I am told that at the industry/trade's highest point, potters made more money than doctors, because the work was in such high demand.
In recent history, the potteries began to flourish again at the turn of the 20th century, with a peak in the 1950s–1960s. After World War II, the town attracted many artists, including Picasso, who came to work with the local potters to create pieces in clay.
2 Diagram (top view) of the two slotted wooden half circles (C) that fit around the central pole (B). The slots in the half circles hold the vertical profile templates (D) in place. 3 Diagrams of the wheel and armature setup used to make large jars. The metal framework (A) surrounds the wheel. A metal pole affixed to the framework (B) is centered and extends down to the wheel head (G). Two wooden half circles (C) that hold a spoke-like arrangement of wooden templates (D) forming the internal armature are placed around the pole and secured using a bungee cord. Heavy rope (E) is wound around the wooden templates starting at the wheel head and moving up to the top, securing and filling the space between the templates, creating a support for clay coils to be added. A large wooden profile template (F) clamped to the metal framework determines the thickness of the jar's walls and compresses the clay coils as they are added.
Assembling the Armature
Creating a large jar using the technique Pierrot demonstrated requires a specialized framework that can be placed on or around a manual or electric wheel to support both the internal armature and a large profile rib (2, 3). In this case, the wheel is a manual, hand-turned wheel, about 2-feet high, with a pole in the center that attaches to a metal frame and extends down to the wheel head. The metal framework extends around the wheel. In addition to supporting the central pole, the frame allows a large wooden profile rib to be attached for shaping coils as they are added (3).
The armature consists of identical wooden spokes or slats with the outer edge shaped like the profile of the finished jar. These are slotted or keyed into openings in two wooden half circles (see 2). The slots in the circle fit into notches cut into the wooden spokes. Once assembled, the two halves are secured around the central pole toward the top with a smaller rope, which centers the armature on the wheel head. Next, a bungee cord is secured around the ribs (see 5). The ties of the armature spokes are located at the top of the form, so they can be easily accessed and untied when the potter is ready to remove the armature.
Next, a heavy rope (about 1 inch to 1½ inches thick) is wrapped around the armature to hold it tightly together (4, 5). This process takes two people to ensure the larger rope is as tight as possible. Since the rope is porous, and both fills in the space between the ribs and follows the curve of the wooden-slat armature, it provides a suitable surface for supporting the clay coils once building begins.
After securing the rope, Pierrot uses clamps to attach a large wooden profile template—which is like an oversized profile rib—onto the metal framework on the left side of the wheel (6). The cut-out area on this template has the same shape as that of the inside armature, and it determines the thickness of the form while simultaneously compressing the form as it is built.
Building the Jar
Thick clay coils are added on top of the rope with a lot of water. The coils are pressed against the rope with the side of one hand (held in a fist shape) as the remaining length of the coil is fed through the other hand, and then smoothed a bit with the fingertips (7). With the addition of each coil, water is sprayed onto the whole section, and the clay coils are compressed into each other by hand; no ribs are used. The wheel is turned counterclockwise slowly as the coils are added, and the profile template compresses and maintains uniform thickness to the form (8). The coils are about ¾ inch thick and they are added in 2-foot sections at a time. The clay is smoothed into the base as evenly as possible and then compressed down to the previous coil for added attachment. Then the wheel is turned by hand, allowing for the compression and the clay to smooth out over the form. Excess clay is ribbed off the form by the side template (9).
At the end, the wheel is turned once more, for a final round of compressing to even out the wall thickness and ensure all coils are well connected (10). Then, a rib is used for added compression and to remove any air bubbles (11). Pierrot levels the top of the jar using a fettling knife (12). It takes about 3 hours to build one jar. When the form is completely set up and can support its own weight, the bungee cord holding the armature sections together is removed, and the wooden slats or spokes can be removed. Next, the rope is removed by uncoiling it from the top and working toward the bottom. Since the jars have thick walls (about 1½ inches), they can withstand the inevitable tearing of the clay that happens as the rope is peeled away from the inside. The rope stays wet, since it has been saturated with water from the clay, which allows for an easier separation. The finished jar retains the rope texture on the inside (13). It is allowed to dry slowly before firing (14).
Firing and Decorating
The jars are bisque fired in an electric kiln, then decorated with oxides. The jars that are not decorated by artists remain plain, unglazed, and without the addition of slips or terra sigillata. On many of the jars that other artists decorated with lower-temperature glazes, there is not enough surface bonding between the clay and the glazes to withstand the salt air, rain, and weather, and the glazes are chipping off.
In addition to his other work, Pierrot makes four jars per month, and each one stays in the town of Vallauris. The history of the jars has led to collaboration between Pierrot and artists from all over France.
Subscriber Extras: Video
See a similar technique for building large forms demonstrated by La Potterie Provencale Ceramic production in Biot, France. Video by Leslie Parke
Kyrie Irving scored 37 points, Kevin Love added 27 and the Cleveland Cavaliers avoided another fourth-quarter collapse in Game 2, beating the Indiana Pacers 117-111 on Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in the series.
After squeaking out the opener by a point, LeBron James and Co. showed more intensity on defense, more swagger in general and won their 10th straight first-round game over the past three seasons.
However, they nearly blew an 18-point lead in the fourth as the Pacers got within four before Cleveland closed it out at the line.
Game 3 is Thursday night. Paul George scored 32 and Jeff Teague 23 for Indiana, which showed more fight, but now has a steep hill to climb to get back in the series. Cleveland is 12-0 when starting 2-0 in the postseason.
Ahmed Musa has got off to a flying start at former club CSKA Moscow after he scored in a friendly against FC Nordsjaelland of Demark.
Nigeria star Ahmed Musa has returned to the Russian army club CSKA on loan from Premier League side Leicester City, where he has failed to settle down after a big-money transfer two years ago.
And he could not have dreamt of a better start when he put the Russian club in front after 33 minutes against Nordsjaelland.
It's a start that will lift his confidence as he fight's to make Nigeria's final squad for the World Cup, which incidentally will be staged in Russia.
The Danish club drew level just before the interval.
Deposed champions CSKA Moscow are fifth on the Russian league standings on 35 points after 20 rounds of matches, far adrift of leaders Lokomotiv Moscow, who have recorded 45 points.
MOSCOW: Safe, exciting, well-organised - Russian President Vladimir Putin has scored points by hosting the World Cup. But the soft-power dividend at home and abroad is limited, analysts warn.
Despite the cold shoulder he usually receives from his rivals in the West, Putin has presided over a good-humoured tournament with gripping matches and street parties.
Advertisement
Thousands of Latin American fans have fuelled a fiesta atmosphere in the summer heat. Even Russia's own unfancied team have given locals something to shout about and are now preparing for a quarter-final against Croatia.
Yet Andrei Kolesnikov, a Russian politics expert at the Carnegie Moscow Center, judges the soft-power effect of hosting the tournament as "insignificant".
Relatively few fans have made the journey to support teams from other Western nations, he noted, and "there is nothing to suggest that Russia's image abroad has improved".
"The patriotic fervour will subside and the day after the tournament everything will return to exactly the way it was."
Advertisement
Advertisement
SPORT AND DIPLOMACY
Following the doping-tainted Winter Olympics in Sochi in 2014 and violence involving Russian fans at the Euro 2016 football tournament, the World Cup was Russia's chance to take the edge off tensions through some soft-power diplomacy.
Despite a few incidents, coverage has been dominated by colourful scenes of peaceful celebrations. Rival fans have posed together smiling for photos on Red Square.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has scored points by hosting the World Cup - but analysts say the soft-power benefits may be limited. (Photo: AFP/Yuri Kadobnov)
On Jul 15, television viewers around the world will see Putin sit in Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium to watch the final of a tournament widely hailed as a success.
The next day he will fly to Helsinki for a one-on-one summit with United States President Donald Trump in a bid to ease tensions.
As the fans partied this week and last, Putin and other Russian officials met with visiting US delegates to prepare for the summit.
The sides congratulated each other on winning the right to host the World Cup - Russia this year, and the United States in 2026, along with Mexico and Canada.
But Putin will leave an uneasy mood back home once the party has ended.
Lev Gudkov, director of independent pollster Levada, says there are "more and more discontented people" in Russia.
"Everything to do with the tournament is perceived positively, but that does not affect people's real lives," he told AFP.
"It is purely a media effect."
PUTIN'S POPULARITY FALLS
Before the street parties erupted in Moscow and other cities following Russia's victory over Spain on Jul 1, crowds elsewhere were rallying in anger at pensions reform.
Many Russians fear the measure - announced on the very day the World Cup began - will drive them into hardship in the final years of their lives.
The pension age will rise - for the first time 80 years - by eight years to 63 for women. For men, it will rise by five years to 65 - just two years short of average male life expectancy.
Putin met US National Security Adviser John Bolton in Moscow during the World Cup to discuss a US-Russia summit. (Photo: AFP/Alexander Zemlianichenko)
Russians' quality of life has declined in general over the past four years, since the West imposed sanctions on Russia for annexing the Crimean peninsula.
Putin has distanced himself from the cabinet's reforms. But he has not been spared the popular anger.
Despite the revelry of the World Cup, in a survey published on Tuesday (Jul 3) by Levada, 48 per cent of respondents said they trusted Putin - down 12 points in a month and a half.
A study by the state-controlled VTsIOM institute in late June indicated that the president's popularity rating had fallen by 14 points in three weeks, to 64 per cent.
"For the first time in a very long while, the popularity ratings of the whole leadership have fallen," said Kolesnikov.
"Usually, Putin is spared, but now his popularity is falling too."
ITV have released a statement
It's been revealed that Saturday Night Takeaway will be cancelled for the near future as Ant McPartlin heads back to rehab following his drink drive arrest.
An ITV spokesman confirmed the shock news in a statement which reads: ‘ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
‘We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31 and April 7) which would not feature Ant who is taking time off to seek treatment.
‘We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs.'
More: Ant McPartlin arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after crashing into car with young girl inside
Following the announcement, Ant and his BFF Declan Donnelly have also released their own separate statement to The Sun.
‘Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments', it reads.
‘He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such ‘Saturday Night Takeaway' will not be going ahead this Saturday.'
It comes after TV favourite Ant was driving his Mini in south-west London on Sunday afternoon when he crashed into two other cars, one with a three-year-old girl inside who required hospital treatment.
The Geordie presenter reportedly lost control of his car on roundabout and smashed straight into another Mini containing a couple and their young daughter and then apparently hit a BMW and ended up on the other side of the road.
Ant was then taken away by police after failing a roadside breathalyser test.
A witness who lives close to where the accident happened told The Sun: ‘I was at home when I heard a huge bang outside which was so loud I thought it was a train crash.
‘There's a level crossing nearby and I genuinely thought a train had wiped out a car.
‘Near a bend in the road there were two badly damaged Minis which looked as though they'd collided and a BMW X5 — and people wandering around in shock.'
They also added that Ant ‘looked really, really traumatised'.
Ant returned to the public eye to present I'm A Celebrity just a few months ago after entering rehab to seek treatment for an addiction to prescription drugs and battles with substance and alcohol abuse last summer.
He also announced in January that he'd split from wife Lisa Armstrong after 11 years of marriage.
India's Mohammed Shami celebrates the dismissal of Sri Lanka's Kusal Mendis with his captain Virat Kohli during the second day's play. (AP Images)
: Even the dead have dignity. They cannot be "named or shamed."This was the observation of the Supreme Court on Tuesday as it dealt with the issue of disclosure of identity of rape victims, including the eight-year-old girl who was raped and brutally murdered recently in Kathua in Jammu and Kashmir.It said that even in cases where the rape victims were alive and were either minors or of unsound mind, their identities should not be revealed as they have the right to privacy and they cannot live under such a "stigma" throughout their life."Think of the dignity of dead also. It (media reporting) can be done without naming or shaming them. The dead also have dignity," a bench comprising Justices Madan B Lokur and Deepak Gupta said while hearing the matter in which senior lawyer Indira Jaising raked up the issue of section 228-A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) which deals with disclosure of identity of victims of sexual offences.The bench, which agreed to examine the aspect related to section 228-A of the IPC, also questioned as to how the identity of a minor rape victim could be disclosed even after getting consent from her parents."Why should this happen, that the identity of a minor victim be disclosed just because her parents have given consent," the bench asked, adding, "Even if a person is of unsound mind, she has a right to privacy. A minor will become major. Why should this stigma be there for life".Jaising, who is assisting the court as an amicus curiae, said it was necessary for the apex court to clarify section 228-A of the IPC.She said there cannot be a "blanket ban" on the media from reporting such incidents and the apex court would have to balance freedom of press and the rights of the victim.During the hearing, the bench observed that the issue required clarification. It asked that even in cases where the victim had died, "why should there be disclosure of name".Jaising, without directly referring to the Kathua incident, said in a recent case, the victim had died which had led to demand for justice not only in India but also globally.The bench said it would examine the issue related to section 228-A of the IPC, after which the Centre's counsel sought time to seek instructions. The court then listed the matter for hearing on May 8.The top court was hearing the petitions filed after the brutal gangrape-and-murder case in Delhi on December 16, 2012 raising concerns over safety and security of women.Last week, the Delhi High Court had directed 12 media houses to pay a compensation of Rs 10 lakh each for revealing the identity of the Kathua rape victim. These media houses had apologised in the high court for revealing the details of the victim.While Section 23 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act lays down the procedure for media to report cases of sexual offences against child victims, section 228-A of the IPC deals with disclosure of identity of victims of such offences. The penal law provides for jail term of up to two years along with a fine.The eight-year-old girl from a minority nomadic community had disappeared from near her home in a village near Kathua in Jammu region on January 10. Her body was found in the same area a week later.The state police's Crime Branch, which probed the case, has filed the main charge sheet against seven persons and a separate charge sheet against a juvenile in a court in Kathua district. The charge sheet revealed chilling details about how the girl was allegedly kidnapped, drugged and raped inside a place of worship before being killed.
BANGKOK: Thailand will need to delay a planned general election until 2018 to allow time to pass the necessary laws, a member of the military government's national assembly said on Monday.
But a spokesman for the government said it remained on track for an election this year as set out in its roadmap to restore civilian rule.
The junta toppled an elected government in 2014 in a bid to enforce calm in a country divided by more than a decade of conflict between a military-backed royalist establishment and populist political forces.
Somjet Boonthanom, a member of the military-appointed National Legislative Assembly (NLA), told Reuters that elections would likely be delayed until March or April 2018.
"This is not a postponement but because of the intricacies involved in drafting election laws, elections will not happen this year," he said.
Until now, the junta has said it is sticking to plans for an election in late 2017.
"As far as the government is concerned, we are on track with the roadmap. The NLA's opinions are their own," said Major General Sansern Kaewkamnerd, spokesman for the prime minister's office.
Thailand's army has carried out 12 successful coups since 1932.
The next step in the transition back to civilian rule is for new King Maha Vajiralongkorn to endorse a constitution which was approved in a referendum last year.
Critics argue that provisions in the constitution will entrench the hold of the military even after elections.
(Reporting by Cod Satrusayang; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manager Gareth Ainsworth blasted the soft penalty award which cost his Wycombe Wanderers side a share of the spoils at Crewe last night.
Having trailed to an early Chris Dagnall strike, Wycombe had fought back to level through Adebayo Akinfenwa's 12th goal of the season, only to concede a spot kick with three minutes remaining.
It was harsh on Sido Jombati, who looked to have made a clean challenge on George Ray, but that didn't stop James Jones smashing home the winner from the spot.
Ainsworth, who was sent to the stands for his protests, said: “The penalty for me is unbelievably soft. We were the better side in the second half, but got hit with a sucker punch at the end. But sometimes you have to take the sucker punch and roll with the good as well as the bad.
“It was the first time in 200-odd games (being sent to the stands). I was sent off for apparently encroaching on the pitch, which I don't think I did too much. Obviously I disagreed with the referee's decision, but I didn't swear, that's the main thing.”
Despite the result, Ainsworth was pleased with his side's reaction to the pitiful 3-0 defeat at Stevenage three days earlier.
He said: “The boys have done what I asked them to do. I told them Saturday wasn't good enough and I wanted a reaction, and I got that. We deserved at least a point from that, and Crewe would have been happy with a point.
“As one of the boys said in the dressing room – if we play like that every week, we will win more than we lose. We will get the rub of the green at some stage, we're just going through a bit of a tough patch.
“The lads are gutted, but they know they have performed better than they have been, and that's good enough for me – we haven't left anything on the pitch tonight. A couple of players came off with injuries and that probably affected us.”
One of those who came off was Aaron Pierre, who felt his ankle again, having twisted it badly against Portsmouth 10 days ago.
Ainsworth added: “It's been fine in training, but Aaron struggled from minute one out there, so the decision to take him off was the right one. Will de Havilland came on and was immense, and he's turning into a very good young player.”
Pierre will be assessed ahead of Saturday's home game against Carlisle United.
(Reuters Health) - “Smart” search programs can ease the process of systematically reviewing new medical research, a key step in getting the best practices from laboratories to doctors' offices, U.S. researchers say.
The Institute of Medicine (now the National Academy of Medicine) says clinical practice guidelines should be based on a systematic review of the evidence, lead author Dr. Paul Shekelle from RAND Corporation in Santa Monica, California, told Reuters Health by email.
“We know that clinical practice guidelines go out of date over time, as new evidence accumulates. An impediment to the regular updating of clinical practice guidelines is the time and resources needed to update the systematic review,” he said.
Typically, researchers and their assistants perform computer searches to identify anywhere from a few to thousands of new research studies, then they determine which ones are relevant and assemble the information into updated guidelines and recommendations.
Shekelle and colleagues thought machines could do more of the job and do it faster, so they compared machine-learning methods with the standard search methods for identifying new information.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They tested the idea on three health conditions: gout, low bone density and osteoarthritis of the knee. The smart search program “learned” which key terms to look for by analyzing words from studies that were included in prior reviews on each topic.
In all three cases, computers - provided only with the titles and summaries of articles included in previous reviews - reduced the number of articles researchers had to screen further by 67 to 83 percent, according to the results in Annals of Internal Medicine.
The machine-learning method missed only two articles that humans would have identified, for an overall accuracy of 96 percent. And neither of these articles would have changed the ultimate evidence reviews, Shekelle's team concludes.
“Machine learning methods are very promising as a way to reduce the amount of time and effort for the literature search, which in turn should make it easier to update the systematic review, which in turn can facilitate keeping clinical practice guidelines up to date,” Shekelle said.
The approach would “shorten the time from completion of research studies to adoption of effective treatments in clinical practice,” said Dr. Alfonso Iorio from McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, who coauthored an editorial accompanying the report.
“Also, it will allow more efficient update of doctors about what works and what does not, saving lives and dollars,” he said by email.
Iorio thinks this method would have the greatest impact in the fields of cardiology, diabetes, respiratory disease and cancer. “But any field would benefit,” he said.
“In the near future, artificial intelligence will also be used to match to individual need with the best available health care intervention - one necessary step to get this is proper classification on existing and newly generated knowledge,” Iorio said.
“The critical step is training properly the computer systems - we need to ensure research dollars are provided to ensure this training is done by serious and independent researchers and controlled by public institutions.”
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2rslYlR and http://bit.ly/2rhBLA0 Annals of Internal Medicine, online June 13, 2017.
BRASILIA: Around 60 people have been killed in a bloody prison riot sparked by a war between rival drug gangs in the Amazon jungle city of Manaus, officials said on Monday, in some of the worst violence in years in Brazil's overcrowded penitentiary system.
The head of security for Amazonas state, Sergio Fontes, told a news conference that the death toll could rise as authorities get a clearer idea of the scale of the rebellion sparked by a fight between rival drug gangs.
Manaus' Em Tempo newspaper reported that several of the dead had their decapitated bodies thrown over the prison wall.
The riot began late Sunday and was brought under control by around 7 a.m. on Monday, Fontes said. Authorities were still counting the prisoners to determine how many had escaped, he added.
International watchdog groups sharply criticize Brazil for its prison system, where overcrowding is the norm and deadly riots routinely break out.
The massacre was the latest clash between inmates aligned with the Sao Paulo-based First Capital Command (PCC) drug gang, Brazil's most powerful, and a local Manaus criminal group known as the North Family.
The Manaus-based gang is widely believed to be attacking PCC inmates at the behest of the Rio de Janeiro-based Red Command (CV) drug gang, Brazil's second largest.
Security analysts have said that a truce that held for years between the PCC and CV was broken last year, resulting in months of deadly prison battles between the gangs and sparking fears that chaos will spread to other prisons.
In the latest riot, a group of inmates exchanged gunfire with police and held 12 prison guards hostage late on Sunday in the largest prison in Manaus, an industrial city on the banks of the Amazon River, Globo TV reported.
Fontes said that 74 prisoners were taken hostage during the riot, with some executed and some released.
A video posted on the website of the Manaus-based newspaper Em Tempo showed dozens of bloodied and mutilated bodies piled atop each other on the prison floor as other inmates milled about.
Brazil's prison system is precariously overcrowded and conditions in many institutions are horrific. That has sparked a rash of deadly riots in recent years.
Sunday's riot was the deadliest in years. A 1992 rebellion at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo state saw 111 inmates killed, nearly all of them by police as they retook the jail.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Writing by Brad Brooks; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Andrea Ricci)
BANGKOK: They may have successfully seized power twelve times in the last eight decades but Thailand's army chief has said military coups are officially a thing of the past.
The comments caused much merriment on social media given the military's long track record of toppling elected governments - the latest a 2014 putsch that brought the current military to power.
The military have promised to hold elections once a new constitution is in place, although the date for polls keeps slipping.
In an interview with Thai media outlets published on Monday (Jan 2), General Chalermchai Sitthisat was asked whether the military would intervene if civilian politicians disliked by the army brass were voted back in.
"I can confirm that there won't be a coup. What would be a reason for having to have the coup? There won't be a coup. We have already learned from what happened (in the past)," he said.
The remarks were soon seized upon in Thai social media, one of the few sites where dissent still flourishes given the military government's ban on political gatherings and protests.
"If the army says something like that it means they will do the opposite for sure," joked Eakapong Leesinla on Facebook.
"Why ask such a question," added Pim Pongchandr on Facebook. "We all know what he was going to answer, who would say yes?"
Chalermchai, a former head of Thailand's special forces, was appointed by coup leader and current Prime Minister Prayut Chan-O-Cha in September. In 2014, then army chief Prayut famously declared there would be no coup days before his military toppled the administration of Yingluck Shinawatra.
His predecessors removed her brother Thaksin in 2006 and have a raft of previous successful putsches to their name including three takeovers each in both the 1950s and 1970s.
Prayut says he was forced to seize power to curb political corruption and bring much-needed stability to the country after a decade of political turmoil between Shinawatra supporters and their opponents.
But critics say the putsch was an attempt by the military and its allies within Bangkok's elite to ensure the Shinawatras, who are seen as champions of the downtrodden by large swathes of the rural and urban poor, are never in power again.
Sergeant Chris Hall with the Oklahoma Army National Guard said, "That's a lot of water being put out on a fire."
The buckets can dump 660 gallons of water. Then, it only takes the soldiers minutes to get back in the air and back to fighting fires.
The Black Hawks play a critical role in fighting wildfires because of the amount of water they can dump on a fire.
Wednesday, there were several wildfires in parts of Oklahoma, and the potential for fires is expected to get worse over the next few days.
Oklahoma's Army National Guard is ready to help fight wildfires, with two of its Black Hawk teams already in Tulsa. The Black Hawks play a critical role in fighting wildfires because of the amount of water they can dump on a fire.
With strong winds and the severe drought across the state, this wildfire season is shaping up to be a potentially dangerous one.
The Army National Guard, including Black Hawk helicopters, are ready if they're needed.
Sergeant Chris Hall with the Oklahoma Army National Guard said, "That's a lot of water being put out on a fire."
The buckets can dump 660 gallons of water. Then, it only takes the soldiers minutes to get back in the air and back to fighting fires.
Hall is a crew chief when the Black Hawk is airborne.
"Getting out there and actually, you know, helping the community, it's a pretty good feeling. I love it," he said.
The men and women normally train for military combat missions, but their role as emergency responders in Oklahoma is just as important.
Chief Warrant Officer Ryan Johnson said, "This one's unique because we're going to be serving the people of Oklahoma, which has always been my favorite part of the Oklahoma Guard. It's a dear part of me and it has been for the last 14 years."
Johnson is a pilot for one of the crews on fire watch in Tulsa.
"When we're out there fighting fires, 15 minutes could mean a lot to a farmer who's land is on fire - the mission means a lot and it's very important that we act quickly,” he said.
Because of the extra fire danger, the crews will be on alert through the weekend.
In the wake of white nationalists descending on the University of Virginia and the town of Charlottesville for “Unite the Right” rallies that turned violent over the weekend, college leaders at universities across the country are standing together to oppose the movement's ideology, which they view as hateful.
Student body presidents, college newspaper editorial boards and leaders of College Democrats and College Republicans alike have all made statements denouncing the racism and violence displayed at the rallies, which culminated in three deaths and the injury of 19 others.
As of today, 119 presidents of student governments have signed a collective statement offering support to students at UVA and at any other college standing up to “violence, racism, white supremacy, bigotry and acts of terrorism.”
It goes on,
“As the voice of our students, we collectively call on one another to speak up in the face of injustice, as silence reduces us to bystanders in oppression.”
Jalisa White, student body president at Florida Gulf Coast University, says she wants to foster inclusion. “I think that college campuses should be a place of acceptance, and students should feel comfortable when they step on their campus. They should feel included, they should feel like that is their place,” she says. “If students are feeling scared or students are feeling confused by what's going on, I wanted them to know that they have my support.”
White says the letter is an important show of support to students at FGCU because the campus has seen recent racist acts that prompted protest. Last October and again in March, racial slurs were found written in campus buildings.
“We recently did have a racial slur on our campus in around October of last year and so I understand how that feels,” White says. “What I personally want to achieve as student body president representing a Florida institution is a sense of collectiveness, a sense of support, offering those students, ‘We feel you with what's going on, and we really want to help and be there and support you guys.'”
Here is my official statement regarding the acts of hatred and terrorism occurring in #Charlottesville #NotAtTU #ThisIsURTU pic.twitter.com/ScBYeVqO1T — James (@jcm_402) August 12, 2017
University of Wisconsin-Platteville student body President Lucas Frey, who signed the statement, tells USA TODAY College that it was started in a group chat of student government presidents who met at a conference earlier in the summer.
Please read the joint statement signed by 50+ student body presidents across the country in response to Charlottesville #NoHate pic.twitter.com/MvLfUu56qP — Nathan Willett (@MSAPresident) August 13, 2017
Now, student leaders are faced with the question of what to do moving forward to support minority groups and continue the conversation on their campuses.
University of Northern Colorado student body president Kellion Ellis says his student government plans to arrange civic engagement workshops that foster the respectful and open sharing of ideas.
“As a person of color, it truly hurts me to see that this is still happening and that there's not really protection on some campuses,” Ellis says.
Leaders of College Democrats and College Republicans campus chapters are also coming forward to condemn white nationalism.
The UVA College Republicans issued a statement prior to the march through campus Friday night, dissociating the Republican Party from the ideology of the rally organizers, and the College Republicans National Committee called on any College Republicans leaders in support of the ideology to resign.
At least one College Republican leader, Washington State University College Republicans president James Allsup, attended the rally. Allsup already stepped down.
This has been planned since before #UniteTheRight but the club's VP has effectively assumed the presidency. — James☝️Allsup (@realJamesAllsup) August 14, 2017
He spoke out on Twitter against the alt-right and Nazism.
UVA College Republicans chair Adam Kimelman says his chapter supports the view that the ideology espoused at the rally does not align with that of the majority of conservatives or members of the Republican Party.
“The problem becomes when too many people in the conservative movement and too many people in the Republican Party try to rationalize this or blame the far left or try to blame the police instead of the Nazis,” Kimelman says.
The UVA College Republicans will work in the fall term to partner with their Democratic counterparts and organizations representing minority groups to provide a forum for students to discuss their reactions in the form of a “We Love Charlottesville” rally, according to Kimelman. The University Democrats, too, will be redoubling efforts to promote the importance of inclusivity and diversity, says Virginia Chambers, the group's communications coordinator.
“What the board had kind of talked about — even before beginning this — was the need to be as strong as possible in our dedication to minority communities and to making sure that we recognize that this was really domestic terrorism, and we are not going to stand for it here on our grounds or in our town,” Chambers says.
Joel Thomas, an incoming freshman at UVA, told USA TODAY College on Saturday that he plans to join the College Republicans chapter. He says the events in Charlottesville stem from hatred, and supports the chapter's decision to stand against them. “I believe they should fiercely condemn the events that have taken place,” he says. “UVA is a historic institution where some of the greatest minds have attended, and it is no place for the kind of hate that has been displayed.”
Thomas likes the idea of a campus event to foster unity and denounce hatred. If he encounters a UVA classmate who espouses bigoted views, he says he will confront him or her: “I would do everything possible to convince the student that they are not only degrading themselves, but also hurting the college experience of the minority students who will be living in fear.”
Jeanine Santucci is a student at Georgetown University and a USA TODAY College correspondent.
Digital producer Haley Samsel contributed reporting.
(Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times)
Members of the California Legislature's budget conference committee convene Wednesday with one task above all others: reconcile the plans put forth by their two houses, both of which would be more costly than the proposal crafted by Gov. Jerry Brown.
The 10-member committee, equally split between the Senate and Assembly but dominated by Democrats, will knit the proposals together to form most of the budget sent to Brown by June 15. The most contentious disagreements are usually settled in closed-door negotiations with the governor.
While both houses propose higher spending than Brown did in his blueprint, they also have noticeable policy differences with him on healthcare, higher education and social services. And in some cases, the Senate and Assembly disagree with each other on those topics.
- Advertisement -
A 63-year-old doctor went on trial in the southern German state of Bavaria Monday, accused of having sex with his patients.
The prosecution claims the physician, who has not been identified under Germany's strict privacy laws, exploited the trust of three of his mentally unstable patients to have sex with them, sometimes without treating the women.
A trained psychotherapist, the doctor committed the acts either in his practice or in the women's homes, the prosecution said, adding that he could face imprisonment of between three months and five years.
- Advertisement -
Prosecutors said in an earlier statement on the case that the doctor had regularly asked mentally ill patients to come to his surgery between 2012 and 2015, usually in the late evening hours.
He is alleged to have told the women that sex was part of the therapy.
Eventually, one of the women called the police.
The accused admitted the allegations in a statement made through his lawyer in February.
Pro-life advocates called on Cebuanos, Catholics or not, to join the “Walk for Life” on Saturday, February 18, to voice out opposition to plans to revive death penalty and the spate of drug-related killings in the country.
“The time for us to speak up and unify has come. If you believe in the sacredness of life and God being the author of life, then join us,” said Dr. Rene Josef Bullecer, vice president for the Visayas of the Sangguniang Laiko ng Pilipinas.
Cebu Archbishop Jose Palma has encouraged seminarians, priests, and lay people in Cebu to join the prayer walk which will start with a program at 4 p.m. at the Plaza Sugbo grounds, infront of the Cebu City Hall.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bullecer said they are expecting at least 1,000 people to join the event—the first of a series of activities to denouce anti-life laws and policies of government.
Among those expected to give their statements during the event are Rep. Raul del Mar of Cebu City's north district, Cebu City Vice Mayor Edgardo Labella, Fe Barino of the Archdiocesan Service Committee, Carmelita Seno of the Council of the Laity, Sr. Maria Luisa Javier, and Archbishop Palma.
A ceremonial burning of the copy of the death penalty bill will also be held during the event to be followed by the lighting of candles and walk to the Cebu Metropolitan Cathedral.
Bullecer said they are hoping all 10 district representatives in Cebu will vote against the reimposition of death penalty.
Bullecer said the Church is against death penalty which “punishes just the poor; condemn the innocent to die; does not stop crimes; as well as cruel and against God's law.”
“The Chuch always stands for up for life. We're not imposing our religion here, but we only speak the truth. When you kill a person, it is not his or her life which you claim but that of God,” Fr. Eligio Suico, chairman of the Cebu archdiocesan commission on family and life said.
On the same day, another Walk for Life organized by the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines (CBCP) will be held at the Quirino Grandstand from 4:30 a.m. to 7 a.m.
KARNATAKA – and a few others – has barricaded itself with the language shield as a belligerent BJP bulldozes its way into states ruled by Opposition parties. But neighboring Kerala – a Left-ruled state that the RSS-BJP war machine is trying to conquer riding on recent incidents of political violence – is charting a different path by proactively reaching out to the Hindi-speaking public.And that's earning state chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan plaudits from the unlikeliest of quarters: principal Opposition in the state, the Congress.Last week, RSS Joint General Secretary Dattatreya Hosabale had done a rare press conference – protesting the killing of an RSS worker in Thiruvananthapuram allegedly by CPM cadre – that made the BJP send finance minister Arun Jaitley to visit the slain activist's home. A few days later the Government of Kerala came up with an ad blitzkrieg in Hindi newspapers.‘Kya Banata Hai Kerala Ko No.1?' asked Kerala CM Vijayan in the ads as well as on social media. The CM has gone all out on a 360-degree campaign to portray Kerala with all its positives, subtly ignoring the attacks on the ruling LDF government over the spate of political killings in the state.Vijayan has also taken to posting on Twitter, from his official CM Office handle (https://twitter.com/CMOKerala) in Hindi.Highlighting the state being the best in law and order, its status as the least corrupt in various surveys, best in governance, and first in human development Vijayan has taken very aggressively to Twitter and Facebook. As part of the 360-degree campaign, the CM's office is also running full-page advertisements in leading Hindi and English dailies.Lok Sabha MP from Thiruvananthapuram and Congress leader Shashi Tharoor was one of the first politicians to laud Vijayan's efforts through a Facebook post.“This entire image that is being created about Kerala as ‘Godforsaken country' and it being a carnage-ridden battleground is absolutely absurd and damaging to the state,” Tharoor toldHe was pointing to the RSS-BJP campaign against CPM that had peaked since the political murder in his constituency, which saw BJP MP from New Delhi Meenakshi Lekhi refer to Kerala as “Godforsaken country” in Parliament.Tharoor felt that the CM was smart in his move to reach out to people who did not speak Malayalam.“The CM himself is not fluent in Hindi, but I think his step of reaching out to people who did not speak Malayalam sends out a strong positive message. It's his attempt in showcasing that the violence being reported is very localized and poses no harm to people who want to visit the state or would like to invest in it,” Tharoor said.So is it all part of a new strategy by the Kerala Government?“Nothing of that sort,” says John Brittas, media advisor to CM Pinarayi Vijayan and MD of the pro-CPM Kairali TV Network. He calls it a “plan of action”, that was adopted in the face of the RSS-BJP campaign against the state.“The propaganda was such that even reputed national networks were blindly parroting the RSS line, and Kerala was portrayed as a conflict-zone like Kashmir. So it was absolutely essential for us to counter this and retain the trust of people who deal with Kerala,” said Brittas, adding that it will take two decades for other BJP-ruled states to match Kerala's human development indices.“All those Central leaders sent by the BJP high command have returned to Delhi convinced that everything is normal in Kerala. I am sure they will return soon as tourists,” he quipped.The BJP Kerala unit would have none of it and dismissed the Hindi outreach programme of Pinarayi Vijayan as a desperate damage control measure by the Kerala Government.“An offensive has been unleashed by BJP and RSS on the political killings in the state. For the first time, the nation's attention has been focused on Kerala. It has somewhat changed the perception that people had about Kerala being a peaceful state,” said V Muraleedharan, BJP national executive member and former state president.The chief minister, he added, has been forced to defend himself. “Unless he is able to put his point of view, it'll be a loss of face for him at the national level. The campaign run by him and his government is a strategy in that regard,” he told News18.Meanwhile, the language outreach from Thiruvananthapuram seems to be on a steady path. A few days ago, the CM took to Tamil after the death of a migrant worker from Tirunelveli following a bike accident. The ambulance carrying Murugan had taken him to six hospitals all of which refused to take him citing various reasons; his family alleged the hospitals refused him because they feared he couldn't pay for it.Through his Facebook post Pinarayi apologized to his family for the conduct of the Kerala hospitals and assured the government would bring in a new legislation to ensure such incidents doesn't recur.
BERLIN: A draft law approved by the German government allowing social network companies to be fined if they failed to remove racist posts and fake news quickly infringes on the constitutional right to freedom of expression, a parliamentary body has found.
Politicians fear that a proliferation of such posts directed at the more than one million Muslim migrants who have entered Germany in the last two years might sway public opinion in the September election. Critics said the government was rushing through legislation that could damage free speech.
The proposal known as the "Facebook Law" had not clearly defined what constituted a punishable offence, the Wissenschaftlicher Dienst said in a non-binding opinion.
"The draft law doesn't specify guidelines, examples or reference points to define criminal or punishable content," it said. "It would have been extremely useful to provide data as well as studies to help make a proper assessment of the danger posed by the dissemination of punishable hateful content and fake news and the assumed destructive effect they have."
Under the law, Facebook, Twitter and Google-parent Alphabet Inc would face up to 50 million euros (US$56 million) in fines for not removing posts promptly.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Martin Ott, Facebook's chief in Germany, told Handelsblatt newspaper in an interview published on Tuesday that the draft law was problematic because it shifted the legal responsibility from the courts to companies.
"We don't think the law meets its aim as a private company should not decide what is legal or illegal," he said. "This is the job of courts."
A justice ministry spokesman said the research body's reservations would be taken into consideration and any proposed amendments would be debated by parliamentary committees.
The draft law would give social networks 24 hours to delete or block obviously criminal content and seven days to deal with less clear-cut cases, with an obligation to report back to the person who filed the complaint about how they handled the case.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
HONOLULU: Molten rock from several lava-spewing fissures opened by Kilauea Volcano crept towards clusters of homes and vacation rentals on the eastern tip of Hawaii's Big Island on Wednesday (May 30), as authorities ushered residents from the area as a precaution.
Evacuation of the Vacationland development and adjacent Kapoho community, rebuilt after a destructive eruption of Kilauea in 1960, came on the 28th day of what geologists rank as one of the biggest upheavals in a century from one of the world's most active volcanoes.
Advertisement
The Hawaii County Civil Defense agency issued the advisory as lava flows picked up speed late on Tuesday and early on Wednesday and threatened to cut off a key traffic route into the seaside area on the far eastern flank of the volcano.
"Residents in the Kapoho area, including Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacationland, are advised to evacuate," the agency said in a morning bulletin. "You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road."
On Tuesday, a lava stream crossed a larger east-west route, Highway 132, as it advanced towards Kapoho. A separate flow of red-hot molten rock was headed in the direction of the Vacationland Hawaii community to the south.
Civil defence officials also cited the problem of widespread communication outages in the area due to downed power and phone lines, reinforcing the decision to proceed with evacuation plans immediately rather than wait for a potential emergency.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Residents of the area, part of the Island of Hawaii's Puna district, were urged to stay tuned to local radio stations for further updates.
The numbers of people and homes affected by the evacuation were not immediately known. They join some 2,000 residents displaced due to lava flows and toxic sulphur dioxide gas emissions at the outset of the eruption nearly four weeks ago farther west, in and around the Leilani Estates community.
Kilauea's main crater at the volcano's summit has continued to periodically belch ash high up into the sky. But National Weather Service meteorologist Tom Birchard told reporters during a conference call that most of the ash was blowing out to sea on the prevailing trade winds, then dissipating quickly.
Nevertheless, some ash and fumes have been spouted high enough into the atmosphere to be carried far over the Pacific Ocean, with observers in the Marshall Islands, Micronesia and Guam detecting traces of vog - a hazy mix of sulphur dioxide, aerosols, moisture and fine particles, Birchard said.
Kilauea rumbled back to life on May 3 as it began extruding lava and toxic gases through a series of cracks in the ground on its eastern flank, marking the latest phase of an eruption cycle that has continued nearly nonstop for 35 years.
The occurrence of new lava vents, or fissures, now numbering about two dozen, have been accompanied by flurries of earthquakes and intermittent eruptions from the summit crater. More than 40 homes and other structures have been consumed by lava flows since then.
LAS VEGAS — The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers estimated Wednesday that the two largest resort operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike at any time starting Friday.
The Culinary Union released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment, which operate more than half of the properties that would be affected if 50,000 workers walk off the job.
Workers last week voted to authorize a strike as disputes over workplace training, wages and other issues have kept the union and casino operators from agreeing on new contracts.
The union conceded that it is difficult to estimate how the strike at more than 30 hotels would impact Las Vegas overall, since the last citywide labor action took place in 1984, when the city had 90,000 fewer hotel rooms and only about 12.8 million annual visitors.
But it says MGM and Caesars would see a 10 percent reduction in revenue because of the loss of group and independent travelers.
Using the companies' earnings reports for the first three months of the year, the union's estimates show the one-month strike could reduce MGM's earnings before interest, taxes and other items by more than $206 million and Caesars' by over $113 million.
The workers' contracts expire at midnight Thursday. They are bartenders, housekeepers, cocktail and food servers, porters, bellmen, cooks and other kitchen workers at properties on the Las Vegas Strip and downtown Las Vegas, including Caesars Palace, Bellagio, Stratosphere, Treasure Island, The D and El Cortez.
More: Las Vegas casino workers could strike for the first time in more than 3 decades
Dealers are not part of the Culinary Union. Casino-resorts that would not be affected by the strike include Wynn Las Vegas, Encore, The Venetian and Palazzo.
MGM, which employees 24,000 of the workers, on Wednesday said it met with union negotiators Monday and has more talks scheduled this week. The company says it remains confident that it “can resolve the outstanding contract issues and come to an agreement that works for all sides.”
Caesars said it “expects to agree to a new 5-year contract with the Culinary Union on or about June 1 when the current contract expires.” About 12,000 of its workers are part of the negotiations.
The union said it is asking both companies for new-skill training and job opportunities as the operators continue to adopt new technology that can displace workers; an independent study to analyze the workload of housekeepers; and contract language that would protect the workers if properties are sold.
“What is going to happen to my position?” Fernando Fernandez, a guest runner at Caesars Palace, said. “I think they are going to be disappearing it because robots are going to be available to deliver everything.”
He said he wants training to fix or program the robots that he believes could eventually replace him.
The union says it has asked MGM for average wage increases of 4 percent a year for the new five-year contract. A document states the company has countered with an approximate 2.7 percent increase for each of the five years.
Meanwhile, Caesars workers are asking for an increase of 4.2 percent, and annual increases of about 4 percent thereafter. Another document shows the company has offered an approximate 2.8 percent increase for each of the five years.
The average hourly wage of union workers is $23, including benefits such as premium-free health care, a pension and a 401(k) retirement savings plan and $25,000 down-payment assistance for first-time homebuyers.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
NEW YORK: Cryptocurrencies plunged on Friday, with bitcoin at one point sliding below US$8,000 and headed for its biggest weekly loss since December 2013, amid worries about a regulatory clampdown globally.
The currencies have come off their lows but analysts said the sell-off was probably not over.
This week's slump brought the total market value of cryptocurrencies down to around US$400 billion, half the high it reached in January, according to industry tracker Coinmarketcap.com. The market value of cryptocurrencies is calculated by multiplying the number of digital coins in existence by their price, although many questions whether that is the right way to value them.
Bitcoin, the biggest and best-known cryptocurrency, fell as much as 15 percent on Friday to a two-month low of US$7,625 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange. It clawed back some losses and was down around 5.6 percent at US$8,498 in late New York trading.
The virtual currency is down by close to 25 percent this week and almost 40 percent in 2018. It surged more than 1,000 percent though in 2017.
For some market participants, bitcoin may be down, but it is not likely to fade.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Bitcoin has become, and will continue to be, primarily a speculative asset class," said David Moskowitz, Co-founder and Director of Indorse, the decentralized social network for professionals.
He added that the recent drops in transaction fees have made it easier to use bitcoin for payments once again. And if a payment solution can help the congestion, bitcoin may once again become an effective payment network, Moskowitz said.
The second and third largest virtual currencies, Ethereum and Ripple, also plunged more than 20 percent at the session low, Coinmarketcap.com said. Ethereum was last down 13.2 percent, at US$888.22, while Ripple last traded at 83 U.S. cents, down 14.7 percent.
Retail investors have poured money into digital coins, enticed by the huge run-up in prices. Regulators say cryptocurrencies are highly speculative and dangerous investments.
On Thursday, India vowed to eradicate the use of crypto-assets, joining China and South Korea in promising to ban parts of the nascent market where prices have boomed in recent years.
Social media website Facebook said this week it would ban cryptocurrency advertisements because many were associated with misleading or deceptive promotional practices. U.S. regulators have sent a subpoena to two of the world's biggest cryptocurrency players, Bitfinex and Tether
A massive US$530 million hack of a Japanese cryptocurrency exchange last week renewed worries about the security of the industry.
Critics of virtual currencies have called the run-up in prices a speculative bubble, but supporters of cryptocurrencies say short-term price volatility is to be expected, and the blockchain technology underpinning these assets maintains its power and value.
Going back to 2011 and including the current selloff, bitcoin's price has been halved nine times on the Bitstamp exchange before recovering. The last time was from November 2014 to January 2015.
(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss in New York and Tommy Wilkes in London; Editing by David Gregorio and Chizu Nomiyama)
Related Coverage Man charged with making bombs in Wheatfield pleads guilty
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – The Niagara Falls man who pleaded guilty to making a bomb in Wheatfield will serve 30 months in jail.
Michael O'Neill, 47, of Niagara Falls, was convicted of unlawful possession of a destructive device.
On July 21, 2015, the Niagara County Sheriff's Office responded to a 911 call at a Walmore Road address in Wheatfield. Emergency personnel who arrived at the scene discovered O'Neill with a “significant” injury to his lower left leg, the result of an explosion. O'Neill was taken by Mercy Flight to ECMC where his left leg was amputated below the knee.
The Erie County Bomb Squad then entered the unattached garage of the residence and discovered what appeared to be an area where explosive devices were being made. Explosive powder and BB pellets were in plain view.
Bomb Squad personnel discovered six destructive devices inside of the garage.
Later that day, O'Neill told investigators that he had watched a video on YouTube regarding stump removal and had “made a couple M80s”.
When the explosion occurred, O'Neill said he was using extra materials from the M80s to “male something”. He told authorities he was using a heat gun, which ignited what he was making. O'Neill then dropped the item he was making on the floor of the garage and attempted to stomp it out when it exploded.
It's the first day of spring but winter has decided to stick around a little longer. The National Weather Service has issued a winter weather advisory from 8:00 p.m. Tuesday until 8:00 p.m. Wednesday. It means that our area could receive 2 to 4 inches of snowfall. The Ohio Department of Transportation says it plans to have crews on area roadways in anticipation of the wintery precipitation. O-Dot reminds drivers to give snow plow crews plenty of room to work.
5 Basic Tips for Investing in Real Estate
One of the most exciting aspects of investing in real estate is your ability to invest your money today and make it work harder for you, resulting in an even bigger pot of money in the future.
However, those new to real estate investment can be forgiven for feeling somewhat intimidated by the property landscape, with all its rules and regulations. As with any type of investment, it's essential that you arm yourself with enough information before diving in.
With that in mind, make sure you take on board these five easy tips to help you make that first real estate investment without any unwanted surprises:
1. Make sure it's something you're passionate about
There's no doubt that you don't need to be an expert in real estate investment; nor do you need to be a dab hand at DIY, the real secret to successful real estate investment is being passionate about what you're doing. No-one knows it all, but if you have a positive can-do attitude you will almost certainly achieve your goals.
If you really are concerned about your lack of knowledge, consider a partnership with someone who does know what they're doing to use as a soundboard for your investment ideas.
2. Consider settling personal debts before investing
Those with pockets far deeper than yours may be comfortable carrying debt as part of their real estate portfolio, but when you're first starting out it's highly recommended that you settle as many personal debts before you take on your first buy-to-let mortgage. In some cases, mortgage lenders may view your personal debts dimly and refuse to lend you the money to buy your chosen investment, so get yourself in the best possible financial shape first.
3. Think interest rates first and interest rates last
On the subject of mortgages, interest rates must be one of the first and last things you think about when it comes to investing in property. You need to be able to take a long-term view. Admittedly, it's never been cheaper to borrow money at present, but you need to prepare for the eventuality that interest rates will rise. Make sure you get a mortgage that is low enough that it does not eat into your monthly profits, particularly if you're renting out something particularly lucrative such as a room for rent in Abu Dhabi.
4. Treat real estate as a business
From the moment you make that first adrenaline-fuelled real estate investment, you must treat your property portfolio as a business. Develop a rock-solid workflow system so that everything is kept on top of, from bookkeeping and rental income to property maintenance and taxation. Consider meeting with a qualified chartered accountant who will also be able to suggest the most efficient way of maintaining your finances.
5. Don't expect to get rich quickly
Real estate investment done well can yield fantastic returns, of that there is no doubt. Nevertheless, it should never be viewed as a ‘get rich quick' strategy.
Sometimes these investment returns don't transpire for many years, sometimes decades, so don't go quitting the day job until you have enough capital behind you to keep yourself self-sufficient and reinvest in additional real estate opportunities. If you're fed up juggling your full-time job alongside your property portfolio, why not drop down to a manageable part-time role, doing something that gives you genuine pleasure while your property investments mature.
In summary, the main takeaways for anyone new to real estate investment are to maintain a level-headed and realistic outlook on profits and don't dive in to your first investment just because you have itchy feet – go through the necessary due diligence to ensure every penny you invest is a shrewd move.
CARACAS: Cuba's President Miguel Diaz-Canel arrived in Venezuela for his first foreign visit as head of state on Wednesday in a show of solidarity for counterpart Nicolas Maduro who is under fire in the West after a controversial re-election.
"We bring a message of fraternity and solidarity ... for the people and Bolivarian government of Venezuela, for President Nicolas Maduro," Diaz-Canel said on arrival, congratulating Maduro for his "resounding success" at the May 20 vote.
Advertisement
The United States, the European Union and major Latin American nations condemned Maduro's re-election as not meeting democratic standards. For example, two of his rivals were barred from standing and the election board is run by loyalists.
But China and Russia have warned against meddling in the socialist-run nation, and fellow leftist governments in the region from Cuba to Bolivia have offered warm support.
Maduro was the first foreign leader to meet with Diaz-Canel last month after he succeeded Raul Castro to become president of the communist-run island.
Venezuela, which holds the world's largest oil reserves, exchanges crude for Cuban medical and other technical services, though deliveries have dropped over the past few years during an economic implosion in the OPEC member of 30 million people.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Diaz-Canel flew to Venezuela with his wife Liz Cuesta as first lady, in a break with custom during the nearly 60 years that the Castro brothers Fidel and Raul led Cuba. They generally travelled without their wives.
His visit came as Cuban authorities faced the chaos of flooding in the wake of subtropical storm Alberto that has killed four people and prompted the evacuation of tens of thousands..
(Reporting by Nelson Acosta in Havana, Caracas newsroom; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Luc Cohen and Susan Thomas)
The idea of a perfect race – blonde-haired and blue-eyed – is what drove Adolf Hitler to try and expel the Jews from Germany during World War II.
Some Tulsa eighth-graders are learning that lesson through the Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art.
Docent Levi Thetford guided the group through the Holocaust exhibit at the museum. The students were there as part of the Any Given Child Tulsa program.
The Any Given Child program is for Tulsa Public School students kindergarten through eighth grade. It gives each student a live arts experience and related classroom curriculum.
Each grade level visits a different arts organization or facility. the eighth graders go to the Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art.
While there, the students also tour the Jewish History and Culture exhibit, and they participate in what the museum has dubbed the Kinder-Stone project.
"We have taken Oklahoma river rock, sanded it down and put the names of each of the 1.5 million children who died in the Holocaust," Jesse Ulrich said.
Local artist Kendra Shinn has taken hundreds of the stones and wire cage material and created Kinder-Stone Children.
The symbolism is simple and powerful, and now the eighth graders have a part in the commemorating the lives of the Holocaust children.
The Miller Museum is open every day. You can find more information here.
Simple user journeys
Getting users through the authorisation flow quickly is crucial to great UX. We've made it safe and easy for users to grant your application permissions on their bank accounts and back into your app as quick as possible.
Analysts try to identify N.Korean failed missile type
By Thomas WATKINS
Washington (AFP) April 17, 2017
The latest North Korean missile launch may have been of a new and hitherto unknown system being developed by Kim Jong-Un's regime, a weapons expert said Monday.
The Pentagon has not discussed which missile blew up "almost immediately" after launch early Sunday from near Sinpo on the North's east coast, and the White House has said only that it was a medium-range device.
John Schilling, a weapons expert with the 38 North monitoring group, said the launch failure was indicative of a new systems test.
"The discussion of it failing very early in launch, that's a common failure mode for North Korean missiles very early on in their development cycle when they are working out the bugs in the propulsion and guidance system," Schilling told AFP.
"More detail would always be nice. But I am going to suspect that this was a new missile or certainly one that has not been well-developed."
Anonymous US officials told Fox News the missile was a new type of Scud called the KN-17 -- a single-stage, liquid-fueled missile -- that could be used to target ships.
Schilling thought the test could have been of a new design that Kim showed off in a massive military parade Saturday in Pyongyang.
That missile was being carried on a Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile transporter, but was a different type of device, Schilling said.
"That's something that we've never seen tested. If they are trying to demonstrate that as a real capability, it would make sense for them to test it as soon as possible after showing it to the world."
Susan Thornton, acting assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs, said it was difficult to glean much information given how quickly the rocket failed.
"Our understanding is that it was not one of the longer-range missiles that they were trying to test there. It was something like a medium-range ballistic missile but still with prohibited technology, but it's still an object of ongoing discussion," Thornton said.
- Nuclear review -
Sunday's launch failure led some observers to speculate that US hacking efforts might have played a role.
The New York Times last month reported that under former president Barack Obama the US stepped up cyberattacks against North Korea to try to sabotage its missiles before launch or just as they lift off.
Britain's former Foreign Secretary Malcolm Rifkind told the BBC "there is a very strong belief that the US -- through cyber methods -- has been successful on several occasions in interrupting these sorts of tests and making them fail."
But Schilling said the ability to hack North Korea's missiles is overblown.
"From what we know of North Korean missiles, the propulsion technology in particular is fairly primitive with no digital or electronics to be hacked," said Schilling said.
The 38 North program is part of the US-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University in Washington.
Also Monday, Pentagon chief Jim Mattis ordered the start of a review of America's nuclear deterrent to ensure it is "safe, secure, effective, reliable and appropriately tailored to deter 21st-century threats and reassure our allies," officials said.
Such reviews take place every seven years or so.
Beijing (AFP) April 12, 2017
Chinese leader Xi Jinping has urged Donald Trump to peacefully resolve tensions over North Korea's nuclear programme, as the US president touted the power of a naval "armada" steaming towards the Korean peninsula. China's foreign ministry said Wednesday the two leaders had spoken by phone, days after Trump sent the aircraft carrier-led strike group to the region in a show of force ahead of a ... read more
Related Links
REUTERS: Mark Warburton denied on Wednesday that he resigned as manager of Rangers last week and said the Scottish Premiership club had yet to explain why it gave that reason for his exit.
The Glasgow club said last Friday that it had accepted the resignations of Warburton, who took over in June 2015 on a three-year contract, and his assistants.
"Much has been said over the last few days relating to our departure from Rangers Football Club," he said in a joint statement with assistant David Weir and head of recruitment Frank McParland issued through the League Managers' Association.
"At this stage, for legal reasons, it is inappropriate for us to comment in any great detail on our departure from the club.
"However, given that the club has seen fit to make detailed public statements, it is important that we should clarify certain matters and as such we would like to formally place on record, that at no stage did we resign from our positions at Rangers."
Rangers said under-20 coach Graeme Murty would take charge of the first team instead.
Wednesday's statement said Warburton, Weir and McParland were being advised by the LMA and expressed surprise that Rangers had yet to provide an explanation of why the club suggested the three had resigned.
The record 54-times Scottish champions are third in the standings, 27 points behind leaders and arch-rivals Celtic after returning to the top flight this season.
They were demoted to the fourth tier of Scottish football in 2012 after going into administration due to financial problems.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London, editing by Ken Ferris)
Emma and Matt have been through tough times
Emma Willis might be in demand these days but she's revealed how a very rough patch in her career led to husband Matt having to financially support her.
The presenter – who married the Busted star in 2008 – has admitted that she struggled to get work during the early days of her working life and came very close to giving up on it all.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
MORE: Celebrity Big Brother 2018 viewers FUMING after Emma Willis announces shock twist
Fortunately Matt was there to help Emma through and it all came good in the end.
‘In 2005, not long after I met Matt, MTV decided not to renew my contract,' says Emma, 41.
‘It meant that I didn't have a job or any money. We lived together [in London] and he supported me because I had nothing.
‘At one point I thought I was going to have to move home to Birmingham. I started thinking, “Who do I think I am? This is ridiculous, it's time to go back home and stop living in a fantasy world.”
‘But then Big Brother's Little Brother came a long and it was all OK.'
Now Emma is repaying the favour as 34-year-old Matt – with whom she has children Isabelle, Ace and Trixie – isn't earning as much as her whilst he focuses on building his acting career.
‘Matt and I have always had phases where we support each other,' the Celebrity Big Brother host tells Cosmopolitan magazine. ‘At the moment, Busted are taking a break and he's focusing on doing acting classes, so he's not earning.
‘We have savings and I'm working, so it works. I say, “Go to your acting class and get really f****** good, because one day I won't have a job and you're going to have to support me!” That's marriage and a relationship.
‘I want him to do what makes him happy, and if that means studying for a little while, then great.'
Awww, we do love these two!
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
His father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
By comrade Alberto Nyakundi Amenya
There is no contention that Engineer Raila Amolo Odinga, the presidential candidate of the Coalition Of Reforms and Democracy (CORD) in the August poll, is the most popular personality in Kenya today. Love him or hate him, he remains Raila. Those who hate his guts, Spartan discipline and incorruptibility are quick to infuse his past with muck which they often rake up to make others view him unjustifiably from a myopic and selfish prism.
Everybody has a past. Raila's past today represents both a personal and national gain. He may have been a lone voice in the wilderness but today people who genuinely desire peace and progress for this country are saying “thank goodness! Raila is here to rescue us even though at 70.” Raila's mission to salvage this country today is a déjà vu following widespread corruption, ineptness (today we say cluelessness), serious economic predicament and crisis of confidence.
Raila's past has prepared him for the future. Although soft-spoken, he is highly principled and firm. He is not given to greed and vainglory. His years of rejection, loneliness, and electoral manipulation have tapered him into a firebrand that Kenyans cannot afford to ignore if they truly desire genuine change and economic progress. Those who judge him with his past are at best indulging in arrogant ignorance because no matter how sordid a man's yesterday is, his tomorrow is squeaky clean.
Tomorrow is always a new page and it all depends on what we write on it.
Raila is not guilty of the allegations being heaped on him. Those making mountains out of the molehills of his past have elected to be deceptive. They know he is the man for the moment but they are doing everything outside the books to stop him. Kenyans have said no because just like in 1982, he is again here to rescue this country by tackling corruption, insecurity and revamping our economy. There is time for everything. There is no gainsaying Raila is the messiah we have been yearning for.
Those who say he is 70 and therefore should be stopped have not availed themselves of the pregnant lessons of history. South Africans did not consider Nelson Mandela to be 74 when they elected him to save the country from disintegration. The late Madiba's fertile wisdom has continued to guide and guard the Rainbow Country in its journey to greatness. The United States recalled 73-year-old Ronald Reagan to save it from the crippling effects of economic depression. Again when America was confronted with a bitter war and economic depression, they found solace in a retired General, Dwight Eisenhower, who helped win the war and returned the country to the path of progress. France found its own Moses in retired General Charles de Gaulle, when it was bedeviled by war and a depressed economy. Abdoulaye Wade of Senegal was first elected President at age 74 in 2000.
Is Kenya not economically malnourished today? Is Kenya not at war today? Who is better qualified and in the mould of Mandela, Reagan, Eisenhower and Gaulle to rescue our nation from war, corruption and economic malfeasance? Is it that lily-livered crackpot at the helm that cannot venture to visit the Kenyan communities attacked by drought and severe poverty? Hell NO!
Raila is tested and proven and is reputed not to be skittish or indecisive about his responsibility once it is incumbent on him to act. He acts with the speed of light and very quick to decide on the next course of action.
Raila is also reputed as an exemplar of Spartan discipline, highly principled teetotaler, an avowed anti-corruption crusader and a man of the people. As a former Minister of Roads and Public works, Raila performed his duties diligently by accounting for every penny allocated to him and demolishing illegally built houses on roads.
The digital youth in State-House and his minions in both the public and private sector are presently spewing out a lot of thrashes they believe could sway public opinion against Raila.
All the opinion polls are running in their favor courtesy of corruption. But they came a little too late. The revolution to reclaim Kenya has not only birthed but growing. They are sponsoring all kinds of false messages to impugn on the avowed integrity of Raila because having crippled our economy and made our youths jobless and desolate; they want a leader under whom it would be business as usual.
Raila Odinga is Kenya's most celebrated politician because his politics transcends both tribe and religion. The wise say “Forewarned is forearmed” Time for RAO to save this nation from the shackles of perpetual slavery is now or never. President Kenyatta and his apparatchiks must be aware of the fury of a patient man. After all, patience surpasses learning.
God Bless Kenya
-The Banana Peddler
#TukoBarMoja
0 Musgrove beats Cubs on the mound, angers them on the bases
PITTSBURGH (AP)
— Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings and his hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals, leading the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 2-1 victory over the Chicago Cubs 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Musgrove (2-0) helped end the Pirates' four-game losing streak by overcoming a shaky first inning to allow one run on seven hits and four walks. He also had five strikeouts, five days after pitching seven scoreless innings against the St. Louis Cardinals to win his Pirates' debut.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
TRENDING NOW:
Umpire crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
The Pirates were angered Monday when Anthony Rizzo's slide upended catcher Elias Diaz at home plate, successfully breaking up a potential double play in the eighth inning of Chicago's 7-0 win.
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder. He was acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an offseason trade for Gerrit Cole.
He outpitched Kyle Hendricks (4-4), who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one. The Cubs' three-game winning streak was snapped.
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of his career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson, who led off with a triple. Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in his last 21 at-bats.
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead. However, Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners.
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth, getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on, for his 10th save in 13 opportunities. The left-hander blew each of his three previous chances.
Pittsburgh's Colin Moran and Chicago's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
- Advertisement -
At least six soldiers died in two separate Boko Haram ambushes in Borno State, military and civilian militia sources said on Monday.
Four troops were killed and 12 injured on Sunday when their convoy was attacked near Damboa, 90 kilometres (56 miles) from Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state.
Two soldiers were killed in the same area on Saturday, the sources told AFP, speaking on condition of anonymity as they were not allowed to talk to the media.
A military officer in Maiduguri said Sunday's ambush happened when troops were on patrol between the villages of Nyeneri and Falawani.
“The terrorists came in huge numbers and attacked the convoy using IEDs (improvised explosive devices) and gun trucks,” he added.
A member of the civilian self-defence force gave a similar account and death toll, and said the jihadists made off with weapons before reinforcements arrived.
He added: “Two soldiers died on Saturday when the six vehicles they're travelling in came under heavy attack from Boko Haram near Bulaburin (village),” said the militia source.
The attacks came days after the military replaced the officer leading troops fighting Boko Haram following a surge in attacks, including against military outposts.
- Advertisement -
The army maintains the redeployment of Major-General Ibrahim Attahiru was routine, and the officer himself said suggestions he was sacked are “far from the truth”.
He said in his farewell speech to troops on Monday that his move was “a normal exercise” and his redeployment to army headquarters in Abuja was a “call to higher responsibility”.
Meanwhile, hundreds of people displaced by the violence deserted a makeshift camp in Birimari village, in the Nganzai district of Borno, some 80 km north of Maiduguri.
Troops had been sent to the village, which is the birthplace of Borno state governor Kashim Shettima, two years ago but soldiers were withdrawn last week, locals said.
One of the displaced, Idrissa Karim, fled with others to Gajiram, the district headquarters, as fears spread of a possible attack.
A bus driver who plies the route from the garrison town of Monguno to Maiduguri, which passes through Birimari and Gajiram, confirmed the displaced people had moved on.
“The IDPs (internally displaced persons) were packing their tents and few belongings from the camp at Birimari and heading to Gajiram for fear of Boko Haram attack after soldiers left the village,” the driver said.
As well as leaving at least 20,000 dead, the eight-year conflict has forced millions from their homes. IDPs remain vulnerable because of a lack of security in camps and elsewhere.
BEIJING: Olympic powerhouse China has decided to tap into its diaspora with an eye on the 2020 Games in Tokyo, state news agency Xinhua has reported.
China topped the medal table when Beijing hosted the 2008 Games before dropping to second in London (2012) and third in Rio de Janeiro last year.
In an "unprecedented reform", the country's sports governing body had invited athletes based overseas to compete in the 13th National Games from Aug. 27 to Sept. 8, the report said.
"We decided to invite high-level athletes from the Chinese diaspora to take part in the all the 26 competitive sports events of the National Games," Li Yingchuan, vice minister of China's State General Administration of Sport, said.
Liu Xiaonong, director of the Competitive Sports Department, said the athletes must prove they were competitive.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"If we spot talent among the overseas Chinese athletes, and if they have Chinese citizenship, we will possibly recruit them in preparation for the 2020 Olympic Games," Liu said.
China has established an ice hockey team comprising overseas Chinese in Vancouver as it seeks to improve its Winter Olympics performance ahead of the 2022 Games in Beijing.
"We formed this team to help out national team train and to compete with them regularly, so as to improve our players' level of competency," minister Li said.
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; Editing by John O'Brien)
Apparently, that both puts us both in the minority. And I have bad news: It makes us officially too old to know what the kids are Into These Days. Because here's what I got when I gave it a quick Google:
"Iconic superstars including Kylie Jenner, Kendall Jenner, Britney Spears, Drake, Nicole Scherzinger, Kim Kardashian, Eva Longoria, and Rupert Grint are just a few of the celebrities who have either endorsed or have been spotted with [our] sparkly lollipops."
Now, that's interesting for a few reasons. First of all, those are some truly A-list celebs. Second: Imagine name-dropping Ronald Weasley over the fact that you catered Pitbull's New Year's party.
An inspired choice!
Sugar Factory, which is famous for its blinged-out "couture pops" (their words), has more than 20 restaurants and retail stores from Hollywood to Bahrain. They're coming to the Mall of America next, according to a Wednesday release, opening the company's first Minnesota location on Level 3 South.
The factory serves more than just sweets. Its MOA outpost will have a full-service restaurant, bar, and ice cream shop in addition to the retail side. "Inside the brasserie-style 120-seat dining room with vibrant decor and a welcoming bar, guests can treat themselves to a wide variety of decadent desserts such as the signature 24-scoop King Kong Sundae and the Insane Milkshake, together with tasty savory dishes like specialty Monster Burgers and sliders, entree salads, pasta dishes, and innovative pizzas," the release promises.
It looks like they're shooting to open "later this summer." In the meantime, let's ogle some photos of celebs!
I recently read a quite good GQ profile of this @foodgod guy, he's apparently a Kardashian adjacent who has a food-focused Instagram now. Anyway, he likes it!
@foodgod #kingkongsundae #sugarfactory A post shared by Sugar Factory Official (@thesugarfactory) on Dec 26, 2017 at 2:30pm PST
Here's a kind of funny, very obviously Photoshopped one of Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber:
MANAGUA: Nicaragua's main business lobby on Wednesday urged President Daniel Ortega to hold early elections to steer the country out of weeks of deadly protests that have seriously undermined the former Marxist guerrilla leader's long hold on power.
In a letter to Ortega published on Twitter, business association COSEP urged the 72-year-old president to bring forward the next vote at a date to be agreed between the government and representatives of civic society.
Advertisement
"Given the magnitude of this crisis, we urge you to undertake every effort in your power to find a peaceful solution before we find ourselves immersed in an even more tragic situation," the letter said.
The next presidential election is scheduled for 2021.
Proposed changes to Nicaragua's social security system last month triggered student-led protests, and indignation at a violent crackdown in which dozens of people have been killed and over 800 injured has become a daily challenge to Ortega's rule.
Ortega told supporters that Nicaragua "is not private property" in response to the COSEP demand, according to local newspaper La Prensa.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A Cold War antagonist of the United States who served a single term as president during the 1980s, Ortega returned to power in 2007. He was re-elected by a landslide for a third consecutive term in 2016 with his wife as vice president.
The Organization of American States last week called for early elections, but Ortega has not acceded.
(Writing by Mexico City Newsroom; Editing by Leslie Adler)
After first leaving Mannheim's Coleman Barracks in 2011, US Army Europe (USAREUR) returned in 2015 on a purportedly temporary basis. The return came at a time when, in response to what Washington insisted was an increasingly aggressive Russia, the military was scrambling for ways to accommodate a flood of tanks, heavy vehicles and other weapons.
© AFP 2017/ PETRAS MALUKAS US Army Presence in Europe to Reach 3 Fully-Manned Brigades by 2017
The US Army is now in talks with Germany over possible terms for retaining the base.
"We are assessing the long range requirements for Coleman Barracks and expect a decision in the near future," Stars and Stripes quoted a statement by USAREUR spokesman Maj. Mark Miller. "Once that decision is made we can provide better details on future plans."
German authorities were considering hosting immigrants at Coleman Barracks, a common fate for retired US installations.
Under the European Reassurance Initiative within the Pentagon's proposed 2018 budget, USAREUR is scheduled to receive $3.2 billion, with much of it marked for increasing the number of weapons at staging locations and rotating more soldiers to Europe.
Since Russia's 2014 reunification efforts in Ukraine, Washington has intensified its European operations, after decades of closing down and withdrawing resources from installations there. This includes a more consistent presence and larger exercises in the Baltics and Poland.
German media have also reported that inquiries have been made about an old weapons depot in Kriegsfeld, southwest Germany, that the US abandoned in the 1990s.
USAREUR hasn't given details on whether only German installations are being considered and specifically which German sites are included, saying at this point, “it's all just research.”
Miller said in his statement, "Some of our research involves reaching out to host nation authorities regarding laws, constraints, and capacity of facilities. This does not mean specific courses of action will be executed but will guide our military and political leaders to make informed decisions about the future of the Army in Europe."
The U.S. Justice Department is seeking "substantial" civil fines from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV after the government filed suit accusing the company of illegally using software that led to excess emissions in 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles sold since 2014, a person briefed on the matter said Friday.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Justice Department is seeking "substantial" civil fines from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV after the government filed suit accusing the company of illegally using software that led to excess emissions in 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles sold since 2014, a person briefed on the matter said Friday.
Bloomberg News reported Friday that the Justice Department sent Fiat Chrysler lawyers a Jan. 27 settlement offer that included requiring the company to offset excess pollution and take steps to prevent future excess emissions.
A person briefed on the matter confirmed the letter included language that a settlement "must include very substantial civil penalties."
At a discussion in Washington last week between the Justice Department and Fiat Chrysler overseen by court-appointed settlement adviser Ken Feinberg, no specific figures were discussed, two people briefed on the talks said. Another round of settlement talks is set for late this month.
Feinberg and Fiat Chrysler declined to comment.
In July, Fiat Chrysler won approval from federal and California regulators to sell 2017 model year diesel vehicles after it came under scrutiny for alleged excess emissions in older diesel models.
Advertisement
Advertisement
To resolve the excess pollution issue, Fiat Chrysler lawyer Robert Giuffra said in December at a court hearing the company remains confident it can use updated emissions software in the 2017 vehicles as the basis of a fix to address agencies' concerns over 2014-2016 diesel vehicles.
The Justice Department said in December that company testing on the proposed fix began on Dec. 17 and would take about three months. The government will then have 30 days to review the results and expects to make a determination by the end of April.
Regulators have said Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicles had undisclosed emissions controls that allowed vehicles to emit excess pollution during normal driving. The company has denied wrongdoing, saying there was never an attempt to create software to cheat emissions rules.
Fiat Chrysler's emissions case came after Volkswagen AG's diesel emissions scandal prompted increased industry scrutiny.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
DAYTON, Ohio (AP) — Seven-decade-old bomber planes rumbled over southwest Ohio to begin events marking the 75th anniversary of the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders' attack on Japan.
The World War II era B-25 bombers that flew in Monday are on display at the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force near Dayton. The museum says 11 landed Monday, and will take part in a flyover at Tuesday afternoon's memorial service.
Dayton area native retired Lt. Col. Richard “Dick” Cole, now 101 years old, plans to take part in the anniversary events, returning to Ohio from his Comfort, Texas, home. He is the last alive of the original 80 Raiders.
Two B-1 bombers from the 34th and 37th bomb squadrons at Ellsworth Air Force Base, South Dakota, are to fly over at the end.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
The middle-aged woman, Mrs. Shakirat Salau, has dragged her husband, Mr. Kehinde Salau, before an Ikorodu customary court citing threat to life, battery and other irreconcilable differences.
The petitioner, Shakirat seeks to end the 10 years union with her husband because she was no longer interested in the marriage which has produced two children.
“He loves beating me because of sex. “Whenever I say No to sex, he would beat the hell out of me”
“He does not give me rest of mind and he beats me whenever he gets provoked. He often threatens to pour hot water on me.
“I become frightened whenever we fight and he boils hot water on a stove ready to splash it on me.”
Shakirat begged the court to separate them and grant her custody of the children.
In his defence, Kehinde admitted before the court that he beats his wife, because she's too stubborn.
He informed the court that he can not pour hot water on her, but only threatens her with words of mouth.
“Just imagine, I can't stand her deny me sex,” he said.
The court president, Mr. A. Adebiyi cautioned Kehinde to desist from violence because it can lead to punishment to him.
He also warned him not to beat his wife over sex again. He thereafter adjourned the case till March 22, for further hearing.
Four labour unions representing workers at Wits University will approach the CCMA this week to file a wage dispute claim against the institution.
Workers affiliated to the Academic Staff Association of Wits University (Asawu)‚ Admin‚ Library and Technical Staff Association (ALTSA)‚ National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa (Numsa) and National Health Education and Allied Workers Union (Nehawu) are rejecting the proposed 6.8% salary increase.
Nehawu Wits acting secretary Tumisho Madihlaba said workers were demanding 8% and if the university failed to meet their request they would go on strike next year.
“Workers are rejecting the 6.8% increase. To them it's very exploitative. They don't want it and have given us a mandate to go to the CCMA to declare a dispute. We want the CCMA to grant us strike certificates so that we can force this management to respect labour laws and to respect unions that are representing workers within this environment‚” said Madihlaba.
Madihlaba said work would continue as normal at Wits but if the university did not change its position‚ workers would down tools in January.
ARIZONA: A 92-year-old woman accused of fatally shooting her 72-year-old son over his plans to put her in an assisted living facility has been arrested on suspicion of murder, US police said on Tuesday (Jul 3).
Anna Mae Blessing was taken into custody on Monday at the suburban Phoenix home she shared with her son and was being held in lieu of US$500,000 bail, court officials said.
Advertisement
She did not enter a plea during a brief initial court appearance and it was not immediately clear if she had retained an attorney.
Blessing told detectives following her arrest that she hid two handguns in the pockets of her robe and confronted her son in his bedroom, striking him with multiple rounds, the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said in a written statement.
The suspect told investigators she tried to point the guns at her son's 57-year-old girlfriend but the woman was able to wrestle the weapons away, according to the sheriff's office.
Blessing was sitting in a reclining chair in her bedroom when she was taken into custody, after she refused to leave the house, according to court records.
Advertisement
Advertisement
She told detectives she had confronted her son over his intentions to put her in the care facility because, he had said, she was difficult to live with.
Blessing also told detectives that she should be “put to sleep,” for her actions and had intended to kill herself following the incident.
Blessing said she purchased one of the weapons and the other one had been given to her deceased husband but that neither weapon had been fired since the 1970s.
Police said they had visited the residence before, following a verbal altercation between Blessing and her son.
(Reporting by David Schwartz in Phoenix; Editing by Dan Whitcomb and Stephen Coates)
PITTSBURGH -- Cincinnati Bengals receiver Tyler Boyd was charged Thursday with owning a vape pen containing the active ingredient in marijuana that police say was found when his friend crashed the NFL player's vehicle in July.
Boyd, 22, who starred at the University of Pittsburgh after a stellar career at suburban Clairton High School, lent his car to a friend who crashed it about 3 a.m. on July 12, Jefferson Hills police said in a criminal complaint filed Wednesday.
The Bengals said in a statement they are aware of the media report and are gathering more information.
Police found an open bottle of cognac and an unopened bottle of peach vodka in the Mercedes-Benz, along with two vape pens and several unopened vape cartridges containing THC, the complaint said.
Boyd told police in an interview two days later that he had loaned the car to a friend who was to drive to the Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh, then return to pick up Boyd elsewhere in Pittsburgh later. When that didn't happen and the friend didn't return text messages, Boyd told police he fell asleep.
When Boyd and the friend went to retrieve the vehicle from a towing pound, they were met by police. Boyd later acknowledged one of the vape pens was his, the complaint said.
Lab tests confirmed the THC.
Boyd's attorney, Daniel Konieczka, acknowledged Boyd made a statement to police but told The Associated Press on Friday, "There's some confusion exactly what the statement encompassed." Konieczka said he disputes that Boyd specifically acknowledged ownership of the vape pen.
The police complaint also refers to a witness who called 911 to report the crash who saw two men near the vehicle. Konieczka stressed that Boyd wasn't present, and police have not accused him of being there.
The friend, Armani Ford, 22, of Clairton, was also charged Wednesday with possessing a vape pen and not being licensed to do so, the same two drug charges Boyd faces.
Ford is also charges with speeding, not staying in his lane, careless driving, having an accident involving property -- in this case a guard rail -- and not immediately reporting the crash to police. Online court records don't list an attorney for Ford.
The men are due in court for a preliminary hearing Nov. 15.
Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press.
Hospitals in Peterborough and the City of Kawartha Lakes will be examining further areas of possible integration.
Late last month, the Board of Directors of the Central East Local Health Integration Network (LHIN) passed a motion directing the Peterborough Regional Health Centre (PRHC) and Ross Memorial Hospital (RMH) in Lindsay to explore integration opportunities and develop a joint directional plan.
READ MORE: Province provides nearly $7M to tackle wait times at Peterborough Regional Health Centre
They've been requested to review the delivery of clinical and front-line services, back-office functions, leadership and governance.
“Under current provincial legislation, both the Central East LHIN and the hospitals within it have a legal duty to identify and explore opportunities for integration of the services we provide for patients,” the hospitals released in a joint statement.
The hospitals have a long history of joint care for patients, including partnerships in diagnostic imaging, dialysis services, laboratory medicine, mental health and addictions services, obstetrics, pediatrics, ophthalmology and orthopedic surgery.
The hospitals recently created a shared vice president/chief financial officer to provide financial leadership for both organizations. Kate Farnell was named to that role.
A joint directional plan will be submitted to the Central East LHIN on or before June 28 for review.
“These two organizations have a strong history of collaboration and focusing on the needs of their patients,” said LHIN chairperson Louis O'Brien. “We would encourage local residents, patients, caregivers, hospital staff and other partners to provide their feedback to the hospitals during this process.”
Both hospital board chairpersons say they aim to build upon the existing partnerships and collaborations.
“I look forward to continuing to work together with the leadership and Board at RMH over the coming weeks and months as we explore opportunities to strengthen our overall position and ensure we can continue to provide and sustain excellent patient care into the future,” stated PRHC board chair Adair Ireland.
READ MORE: Universal pharmacare would provide better health care but costs a concern: health committee
Added Val Harris, RMH board chairperson: “As we enter these discussions, we're doing so with a commitment to maintain and enhance services at each site. It is our responsibility to ensure both hospitals are positioned to continue delivering excellent, sustainable care for the people of our communities and region going forward.”
With patient interests at the forefront of the conversation, @PRHC1 and @RossMemorial commit to further exploring integration opportunities. Read more: https://t.co/aGiXEXwZeU — PRHC (@PRHC1) April 24, 2018
The joint directional plan will include “extensive consultations” with internal, external and regional stakeholders.
“Due diligence and stakeholder consultation will be paramount to this process since no decisions related to this integration opportunity have been made at this time,” the hospitals stated.
“Delivering the highest standard of health care is a shared goal for PRHC and RMH. This commitment requires ongoing consideration of the changing needs of the region's population, evolving quality and safety goals, developing and delivering new services, and the sustainability of existing services.”
Public input can also be provided on both PRHC's website and RMH's website.
TOKYO: U.S. Vice President Mike Pence reassured Japan of American commitment to reining in North Korea's nuclear and missile ambitions on Tuesday, after warning that U.S. strikes in Syria and Afghanistan showed the strength of its resolve.
Pence arrived in Tokyo from South Korea, where he assured leaders of an "iron-clad" alliance with the United States in the face of the reclusive North, which has conducted a series of missile and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions.
North Korea regularly threatens to destroy Japan, South Korea and the United States and it showed no let-up in its belligerence after a failed missile test on Sunday, a day after putting on a huge display of missiles in Pyongyang.
"The era of strategic patience is over and while all options are on the table, President (Donald) Trump is determined to work closely with Japan, with South Korea, with all our allies in the region and with China to achieve a peaceable resolution and the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula" Pence said in Tokyo before lunch with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
"We appreciate the challenging time in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocation across the Sea of Japan. We are with you 100 percent," he said.
Pence and Abe agreed that they needed to persuade China to play a larger role in dealing with North Korea, a Japanese government spokesman said.
North Korea's deputy representative to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, accused the United States on Monday of creating "a situation where nuclear war could break out an any time" and said the North's next nuclear test would take place "at a time and at a place where our headquarters deems necessary".
North Korea's Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol told the BBC that missiles would be tested on "a weekly, monthly and yearly basis".
South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, told a cabinet meeting on Tuesday that South Korea would strengthen its alliance with the United States and closely cooperate with China to rein in North Korea.
"We should stay on our toes to protect our territory and people's lives," Hwang said.
The North has warned of a nuclear strike against the United States if provoked. It has said it has developed a missile that can strike the mainland United States, but officials and experts believe it is some time away from mastering the necessary technology, including miniaturising a nuclear warhead.
TOUGHER SANCTIONS
Pence said on Monday the world had seen Trump's resolve in the past two weeks, with a U.S. missile attack on a Syrian airfield and the dropping of a powerful non-nuclear bomb on Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan.
"North Korea would do well not to test his resolve or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region," Pence said.
The Trump administration has said military action remains an option for dealing with North Korea.
But, mindful that this would likely trigger massive retaliation and casualties in South Korea and Japan, U.S. officials say the Trump administration's main focus is on tougher economic sanctions.
Trump, asked on Monday if he was considering military action, told Fox News Channel he did not want to "telegraph" his plans, like the previous administration had done.
U.S. officials say tougher sanctions could include an oil embargo, a global ban on North Korea's airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang. They also say greater Chinese cooperation is vital.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said China had taken some "very helpful" steps, although it remained to be seen how effective these would be.
Susan Thornton, acting U.S. assistant secretary of state for East Asia, said Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and China's top diplomat, State Councillor Yang Jiechi, agreed in a phone call on Sunday on the need for strict enforcement of U.N. resolutions and for international action to press Pyongyang "to cease provocative actions and recommit to peaceful denuclearisation".
Thornton said any new North Korean nuclear test "would draw a pretty significant international response".
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi repeated China's line that the crisis could only be resolved by diplomacy.
"I've seen that the United States has reiterated it is willing to use political and diplomatic means to resolve this, as this is their first choice," he told reporters in Beijing.
"Of course I think that any country will feel that political diplomatic means are of course the first choice," Wang said.
Pence's economic discussions in Tokyo will be closely watched to see how hard a line Washington is prepared to take on trade. Trump campaigned on an "America first" platform, and has vowed to narrow big trade deficits with nations such as China and Japan.
However, Trump has also shown willingness to link trade to other issues, saying he would cut a better trade deal with China if it exerts influence on North Korea.
China banned imports of North Korean coal, its most important export, in February, and Chinese media have raised the possibility of restricting oil shipments to the North.
Impoverished North Korea and the rich, democratic South are technically still at war because their 1950-1953 conflict ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. South Korea hosts 28,500 U.S. troops to counter the threat from the North.
(Additional reporting by Sue-Lin Wong in PYONGYANG, Jack Kim, Ju-min Park and James Pearson in SEOUL, Daniel Trotta in NEW YORK, Ben Blanchard in BEIJING; Writing by Nick Macfie; Editing by Paul Tait, Robert Birsel)
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
President Donald Trump is warning his supporters against being "complacent" this fall
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
New law enforcement video shows officers tackling and punching a man in an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
(Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File). FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2018, file photo, Roseanne Barr participates in the "Roseanne" panel during the Disney/ABC Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour in Pasadena, Calif. ABC canceled its hit r...
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
The estate of Michael Jackson is suing Disney, saying an ABC television special on the singer's last days infringed on its intellectual property.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers were in the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
(AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews). Pulitzer Prize winner for public service Ronan Farrow, second from right, his mother Mia Farrow, far right, Anabella Sciorra, far left, and Rosanna Arquette, second from left, two women accusing Harvey Weinstein of sexual mi...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for Action".
The head of Oregon's emergency management agency apologized late Tuesday after a cryptic emergency alert message was forced out to cellphones around the state's third-largest city warning residents to "Prepare for...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
By DAN GELSTON
AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used a variety of Twitter accounts to anonymously trash some of his own players and fellow executives and defend himself against criticism from fans and the sports media.
The allegations, reported Tuesday by the sports website The Ringer , raised questions about Colangelo's future and that of the NBA team itself, a rising franchise heading into perhaps its most important summer ever as it tries to attract free agents to contend for championships.
The five Twitter accounts under suspicion took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to The Ringer.
Among other things, the user or users of the accounts complained that Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star center, was "playing like a toddler having tantrums" and was "a bit lazy," ''selfish" and "acting like a tool."
The user of one of the accounts claimed to know Colangelo and described him more than once as a "class act." The tweets also raised the question of whether Colangelo used the anonymous accounts to divulge team strategy and details about players' medical conditions.
Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said he wasn't familiar with the four others.
"The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter," the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement. "We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded."
Embiid, Philly's franchise star, made a few wisecracks about the furor for his 1.4 million Twitter followers before standing up for Colangelo.
"All jokes asides I don't believe the story," he tweeted. "That would be just insane."
The Ringer said it had been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip. It said it found numerous connections among the accounts that suggested the same person was behind them.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process - the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. He lost his job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on his longtime trainer and his "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A case against national award-winning actor Prakash Raj over his comments on Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be heard in Lucknow court on Saturday. Raj had last Monday called PM Modi a “bigger actor” than him.Speaking at the 11th state meet of the Left-leaning Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI) in Bengaluru, the actor had launched a scathing attack against PM Modi over his “silence” on the Gauri Lankesh murder. "The PM is a bigger actor than me, I should give him my award," he said.Prakash Raj had said that those celebrating activist-journalist Gauri Lankesh's brutal murder were being followed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Twitter.Prakash Raj was a very close friend of Lankesh. The 55-year-old editor of Kannada weekly, Gauri Lankesh Patrike, was killed by unidentified men outside her home in the city suburbs on September 5.“There is a huge crowd out there enjoying and celebrating it (Gauri Lankesh's murder) on social media. We all know what their ideology is. Some of those celebrating this ghastly episode are being followed by none other than Mr Narendra Modi himself. This worries me,” Deccan Chronicle quoted Raj as saying.The acclaimed actor further said that he knows when a person is acting and when is he telling the truth."I am a renowned actor, do you (Modi) think I will not be able to detect when you are acting. At least show me some respect, considering the fact that I am an actor and I will be able to tell what the truth is and what is acting," another report in News Minute quoted him as saying.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) – Today, Aquinas College announced its largest investment in the history of the college. A campaign called “Contributing to More” will raise $58 million dollars to invest in the STEM education areas of science, technology, engineering and math. New facilities, enhancements to technology, scholarships and support for professors are all included.
The investment is already able to be seen as the expansion and renovation of Albertus Magnus Hall of Science can be seen from the street. Upgrades to the building will include modern and flexible labs for students and faculty, along with collaborative student spaces.
The new science building will house in demand programs like health science, geospatial techniques and engineering thanks to Aquinas' partnership with Western Michigan University.
Aquinas College is in the public phase of the campaign now after raising 60 percent of the funds via private donations.
Find out more about the campaign and how It's helping to improve the 117 acre campus and benefit the nearly 2,000 students.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
1:19 Watch how much packaged marijuana Merced County deputies uncovered Pause
0:50 One injured, one arrested after traffic dispute in Merced
1:27 Atwater man describes scene of Las Vegas mass shooting
0:22 Retiring Los Banos cafeteria supervisor responds to congratulatory comments
1:29 Over 4,000 solar panels help to reduce annual electric use on UC Merced campus
3:06 Police release bodycam footage of Las Vegas shooting
1:52 Merced man said victims banded together at Las Vegas shooting
0:12 Car fire slows traffic on Highway 99 in Merced County
0:41 Los Banos house caught on fire possibly leaving occupants displaced
New Jersey Devils, from left, Taylor Hall, Damon Severson 28), Travis Zajac and Stefan Noesen celebrate a goal by Zajac during the third period of an NHL hockey game against the Pittsburgh Penguins, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Newark, N.J. The Devils won 3-1.
Starting in the fall 2018 semester, there will be a new on-campus housing option at the University of Regina designed in partnership with UR Pride.
The Colourful Campus House is designed with LGBTQ+ students in mind. The house is made up of two six-bedroom apartment-style residences in the newly renovated College West building.
Jacq Brasseur, the UR Pride executive director, said there has been an outpouring of support from students and alumni on the organization's Facebook page.
“For myself, as an alumnus, of both student housing and the University of Regina it's something that would have made my university experience so much more stress free,” Brasseur said. “Because I wouldn't of had had to worry about what my roommates were going to think or how do I come out to this group of strangers.”
READ MORE: Others could follow after University of Regina bans smoking on campus
Brasseur said they lived in a seven-bedroom apartment on-campus, and had a hard enough time coming out to someone they've known for years let alone six strangers.
UR Pride has heard many similar stories of LGBTQ+ students having the same anxieties, which helped inspire the idea for The Colourful House.
The apartments have 12 spaces open to LGBTQ+ and allied students. Brasseur said the application is similar to regular student housing forms, with extra questions relating to the LGBTQ+ community.
READ MORE: Pride Month is here. This is how it started and what it looks like today
When UR Pride originally came up with the idea they hoped to secure one apartment by 2019. The U of R suggested two apartments opening in the fall.
“That's really rare I think. In talking to my colleagues in pride centres across the country that's not always what you get from a university, so for me it was really great to see just how invested the university was,” Brasseur said.
Bettina Welsh, the U of R director of student affairs – operations, said it was an easy decision for the university.
“The University of Regina is about removing barriers for students, and if there are any sorts of barriers for living on campus we want to make sure that those are removed and that students are successful and feel safe here,” she said.
Students interested in applying for a residence spot in Colourful Campus House are invited to contact Housing Services at 306-585-5281, UR Pride at 306-586-8811 ext. 207 or http://www.urpride.ca/housing.
Students can also apply for additional rewards to subsidize their on-campus housing.
Other additions that came with the renovation of College West's residences include a community kitchen, study room, theatre and gaming room. These are available to all students.
Open enrollment for health insurance coverage is quickly coming to a close for next year. The Illinois Department of Insurance says you have until 11 p.m. on December 15th to sign up.
In past years, you had additional time to change plans in January after receiving your first premium bill. With a shortened enrollment period, there is no longer an option to make changes, making it important to select the right plan the first time.
You can get information on individual plans and cost can be found at GetCovered.Illinois.Gov. There, you can arrange appointments with navigators and certified application counselors.
Consumers who have questions, or who are looking to sign up for a plan over the phone, may request to speak to a licensed insurance agent by calling 866-311-1119 Monday through Friday, from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. and Saturday and Sunday from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
JERUSALEM: Police investigators began questioning Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at his official residence in Jerusalem on Monday on suspicion of receiving gifts from businessmen in breach of his role as a public servant, Israeli media said.
The move was authorised by Attorney General Avichai Mandelblit, who decided after a preliminary inquiry that there was enough evidence to open a criminal investigation, Haaretz newspaper reported.
Israeli media said the questioning by senior police investigators began on Monday evening, was expected last several hours and would almost certainly be followed by more interrogation.
Netanyahu told his ruling Likud faction in parliament that those hoping for his downfall would have to "wait with the celebrations, don't rush. I've said it before and I'll say it once again: there will be nothing because there is nothing."
Photographers were camped outside the heavily guarded residence, hoping to get pictures of investigators arriving. Black screens were erected inside the gates of the property to block the view.
Haaretz and other newspapers said the probe related to gifts worth "hundreds of thousands of shekels" (US$1=3.85 shekels) given to Netanyahu by Israeli and foreign businessmen.
Channel 2, a commercial network, said the investigation was one of two cases now open against the prime minister, although it said details of the second remained unclear.
Netanyahu, 67, has been in power on and off since 1996. He is currently in his fourth term as prime minister and will become Israel's longest-serving leader if he stays in office until the end of next year.
He and his wife, Sara, have weathered several scandals over the years, including investigations into the misuse of state funds and an audit of the family's spending on everything from laundry to ice cream. They have denied any wrongdoing.
Netanyahu is not the first prime minister to be questioned in a criminal case.
Ehud Olmert, who held office from 2006 to 2009, is currently serving 18 months in prison after being convicted of breach of trust and bribery in 2014.
Former prime minister Ariel Sharon was questioned while in office in 2003 and 2004 over allegations of bribery and corruption involving him and his two sons. In 2006, his son Omri was convicted of corruption and served time in prison.
Netanyahu's police appointment drew a barrage of commentary from the centre-left opposition in parliament, with politicians calling for him to go. But Yair Lapid, leader of the centrist Yesh Atid party, said that for the good of the country, he hoped the prime minister would be cleared.
"I wish for him and his family, and the State of Israel, that we uncover that there was no fault in his behaviour. If two prime ministers in a row fall from office because of corruption, it will be very hard to rehabilitate the public's trust in its leadership."
Israeli commentators pointed out that while Netanyahu may be questioned, it has happened many times in the past and prime ministers have gone on governing, sometimes for years.
(Additional reporting by Ori Lewis and Maayan Lubell, editing by Larry King)
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un will be served Swiss rösti with a Korean twist at a summit on Friday with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, the South's presidential Blue House said on Tuesday.The fried potato dish was chosen as an homage to Kim's childhood spent in Switzerland, the Blue House said in announcing the menu for Friday's welcome dinner.Baked John Dory, a dish made from the flat sea fish, will be served as a nod to Moon's younger days in the South Korean port city of Busan.North Korea has never confirmed Kim Jong-un was educated in Switzerland, but former classmates and teachers have said they spent time with him there. Swiss newspapers have also reported Kim went to school under a pseudonym in Switzerland.Another item on the menu will be Pyongyang-style cold noodles, or naengmyeon, served in a chilled meat broth."President Moon had requested Pyongyang-style cold noodles from Okryu Gwan be included on the menu and North Korea gladly accepted," said Kim Eui-kyeom, the Blue House spokesman.Okryu Gwan is North Korea's best-known restaurant famous for the dish, and has branches in China as well.The cold noodles will be made by the head chef at Okryu Gwan, who will travel to the truce border village of Panmunjom where the two leaders will meet on Friday, the Blue House spokesman said.Kim and Moon can wash down their meal with a fragrant wine made from azaleas.Also on their table will be a distilled liquor called munbaeju that is 40 percent alcohol by volume and which originated in the North, but is now traditionally made in the South.
This post is part of Blues Day on PHT…
On the opening day of free agency in 2014, the Blues signed free agent center Paul Stastny to a four-year, $28 million contract. It instantly made him the highest-paid forward on the team — since surpassed by Vladimir Tarasenko — and, in announcing the deal, GM Doug Armstrong raved about Stastny's hockey IQ and how he “thinks the game strong.”
It was expected the gifted playmaker would become St. Louis' top-line center.
But things haven't exactly gone to plan.
The Stastny era is now three years old, and the major theme throughout has been health — specifically, his lack thereof. He's missed 42 contests over that time, and failed to crack the 70 games-played plateau in each of the last two seasons. Unsurprisingly, his production has tailed off. After racking up 60 points in his final year in Colorado, he's gone 46-49-40 with the Blues, and now heads into a contract year facing a number of major questions.
Among them:
Is Stastny a No. 1 center?
Blues head coach Mike Yeo certainly thinks so, describing the 31-year-old as such when Stastny got hurt back in February.
“He's usually the first guy over the boards for a power-play faceoff or the first guy over the boards for a penalty-kill faceoff, and those are key,” Yeo said, per the Blues website. “He's a very important player for us. You don't take out a top-line center from too many lineups where they don't feel that.”
The Blues certainly paid him like a 1C. At $7 million per, he's making more annually than the likes of Patrice Bergeron, Nicklas Backstrom, John Tavares and Jeff Carter. What's more, the Blues don't have much depth down the middle. Patrik Berglund has proven to be a decent, if unspectacular, option that scored 23 goals last year, but his ceiling is a 3C that can be pushed into the 2C role in a pinch.
Jori Lehtera, who underwhelmed last season, was flipped to Philly in the Brayden Schenn trade, but the Blues might have the same problem with Schenn that the Flyers did — is he a center, or better suited on the wing?
Youngsters Robby Fabbri and Ivan Barbashev can also play the middle, but aren't yet considered full-time guys. Fabbri's coming off a torn ACL.
So is Stastny a No. 1? Traditionally speaking, maybe not. In St. Louis, maybe so.
Do the Blues want to keep him?
Given what we just laid out, probably. But it would have to be at the right price.
Next July, Armstrong has some work to do and not a ton of cap space to do it with. The most pressing contracts will be for a pair of young RFAs — Fabbri, and d-man Joel Edmundson — while Stastny's the lone UFA of note.
If Stastny's willing to take a significant haircut, his return could happen. Signing with St. Louis back in '14 was essentially a homecoming, as he grew up in the city and went to Chaminade College Prep School. Both his father and brother previously played with the Blues.
The real question, it would seem, is if Stastny fits with the direction of the club. Armstrong hasn't been shy about turning his team over to the younger generation over the last few years, while cutting ties with veterans in a myriad of ways.
Just consider what happened to Stastny's former running mates up front. Lehtera was traded Philly, T.J. Oshie was flipped to Washington, while David Backes and Troy Brouwer were allowed to walk in free agency.
Could this be another Kevin Shattenkirk situation?
Two years ago, Armstrong opted to keep Backes and Brouwer — both UFAs — past the deadline, and the Blues responded with a playoff run to the Western Conference Final. But that summer, both assets were lost for no return.
Last year, Armstrong took a different tact, opting to flip Shattenkirk, a pending UFA, at the deadline for a package that included promising forward Zach Sanford and a first-round pick (the Blues later used that pick to acquire Schenn).
“We are not in the business of trading good players for prospects when your team has a chance to win the Cup,” Armstrong said at the time, per the Post-Dispatch. “This team now has to get in on its own. It's going to be more difficult, but if we get in, you always have a chance to win.”
One wonders if last year's experience might've changed Armstrong's outlook.
All things considered, the Blues fared well following Shattenkirk's departure. They finished third in the Central Division, and upended 106-point Minnesota in the opening playoff round before bowing out to the eventual conference champ, Nashville, in Round 2.
The big difference between Shattenkirk and Stastny, though, is the depth at their respective positions. Parting ways with Shattenkirk was made easier by the presences of Alex Pietrangelo and Jay Bouwmeester, and the emergence of Edmundson and Colton Parayko.
At center, the Blues don't have such options.
A Waterbury man is accused of fleeing police and causing an accident that sent one person to the hospital.
According to Connecticut State Police, troopers attempted to stop a vehicle driven by the suspect, 26-year-old Jeffrey Brown, on Pearl Lake Road in Waterbury for a motor vehicle violation around 9:20 p.m. Sunday. Police said that Brown drove off and police pursued him for almost 4 miles before the suspect hit another car on Southmayd Road.
He tried to escape on foot, but he was captured, police said.
A passenger in the vehicle that was hit was taken to St. Mary's Hospital for observation. The driver of that vehicle and Brown were not hurt.
Brown was arrested and charged with first-degree reckless endangerment, engaging police in pursuit, interfering with an officer, theft and misuse of plates, and other motor vehicle violations.
Police said Brown also had an active warrant for his arrest on a failure to appear charge.
Brown was held on a $10,000 and is due in court on Monday.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Stunt gone wrong #Epicfail!
Yesterday a video surfaced of Tom Cruise performing a building to building jump for a stunt in Mission Impossible 6, which turned out to be a mission impossible.
The video shows Cruise jumping from one building to another, hanging by a harness as he made the jump. Unfortunately he missed his mark, falling short of the rooftop and hit the building not once, but twice.
He appeared to hit the building hard and is shown limping away after getting back on his feet. It appears that Cruise did suffer an injury while doing that stunt while filming in London.
The extent of his injuries are unknown but we do know that Cruise has a history of doing his own stunts with most of his movies. That could change after insurance companies see the video.
‘Mission Impossible 6' set to hit theaters on July 27th 2018
STOCKHOLM: A Swedish court has ordered a bankrupt Arabic internet TV company to pay 210 million Swedish crowns (US$24 million) in damages for distributing content including English Premier League soccer without permission.
The Stockholm district court ordered the Sweden-based Advanced TV Network (ATN), which distributes Arabic-language content over the internet, to pay 194.8 million crowns in damages to Qatar's beIN Sports and 14.6 million crowns to Albanian TV group DigitAlb.
Advertisement
"It is, according to the court's opinion, shown beyond reasonable doubt that ATN at no time ... had the rights to broadcast the beIN channels in question," the court said in a verdict dated June 29 and seen by Reuters.
The Stockholm court also sentenced ATN owner Hamid al-Hamid, 58, to two and a half years in prison, while his son Ahmed and another business associate were sentenced to one year each. All three were found guilty of charges including misuse of decoding information and copyright violations.
Hamid al-Hamid's lawyer Johan Nilsson told Reuters that he was working with Ahmed al-Hamid's lawyer and that they planned to appeal the verdict in its entirety.
ATN declared bankruptcy in September 2016, according to the court document. It argued in court that it had distributed the content with the necessary agreements from the content owners, according to the document.
Advertisement
Advertisement
One of the prosecutors in the case, Anneli Tirud Wallin, told Reuters it was her understanding that damages could be extracted from assets belonging ATN or its owners.
Lawyer Jan Gruvstad, who is handling ATN's bankruptcy, told Reuters he could not immediately comment on what ATN was worth or on how soon the bankruptcy procedure would be completed.
Nordic Content Protection, an anti-piracy industry group for Nordic broadcasters which originally filed the case against ATN in 2016, welcomed what it said was a landmark ruling.
"The prison sentences and record fines handed down in this case send a clear message to broadcast pirates," the group's chief executive Anders Braf said in a statement.
World soccer governing body FIFA, European soccer body UEFA and Formula One are investigating separate alleged illegal broadcasts of content belonging to beIN, a major global sports broadcaster operating in 33 countries.
(US$1 = 8.8157 Swedish crowns)
(Reporting by Esha Vaish and Daniel Dickson; additional reporting by Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Mark Potter)
Shillong: Mohun Bagan put up splendid performance crushing Shillong Lajong 3-0 in an important away encounter to climb to the third spot in the I-League table.
Dipanda Dicka (30th min), Akram Moghrabi (86th min) and Sheikh Faiaz (89th min) scored the winning goals for the Kolkata giants to leapfrog their arch-rivals to the third spot on the table with 20 points from 12 outings.
Coach Shankarlal Chakraborty opted to hand Azharuddin a start on the right wing whereas he deployed Nikhil Kadam on the wide left.
Mohun Bagan broke the deadlock in the 30th minute with Dicka's brilliant header off a Cameron Watson cross that beat Lajong goalkeeper Lachenpa.
Towards the end of the first half, Lajong came close to the equaliser time and again but eventually, Mohun Bagan maintained their lead.
Mohun Bagan also made their first substitution in the 44th minute with Faiaz replacing Azharuddin.
Lajong's best chance in the first half came in the dying minutes of the first half when Lajong's Samuel Lalmuanpuia sent a volley which would have found the back of the net had it not been put away by an acrobatic save from Mohun Bagan goalkeeper Shilton Paul.
The second half of the game got off to a fast start as both teams headed into the game with renewed energy after the break.
However, Mohun Bagan's earlier goal had given the team the confidence they needed to keep the game in their pocket.
A fast-paced second half did not help the hosts as they tried desperately to gain an equalizer which only resulted in a back and forth game with their determined opponents.
The Cote D'Ivoire-based striker Koffi could have found the back of the net but his mistimed header went astray, much to the dismay of the Lajong supporters.
However, the dying minutes of the game saw back-to-back goals from the visitors as they game swung decisively in their favour.
Akram doubled their lead in the 86th minute with a calm finish after the ball was dished out to him on a platter by Raynier Fernandes, who replaced Watson.
Any hopes that the hosts harboured of salvaging a point was blown away three minutes later when Faiaz scored Mohun Bagan's third goal in the 89th minute, which was indeed the nail in the coffin.
Having bagged all three points from Shillong defying all odds, high-flying Mariners will now head to Coimbatore to take on Chennai City on February 7 whereas Lajong will face the league leaders Minerva Punjab FC same day.
- Advertisement -
Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau has re-assured the members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) serving in the state of their safety and well-being during their service year.
Lalong gave the assurance at a ceremony to end the 2017 batch “B” NYSC orientation on Monday in Mangu.
The governor was represented by the Commissioner for Youths and Sports, Mr Danladi Mang.
‎
He said that the state government was working in synergy with security agencies to ensure adequate security for the corps members and urged them to go about their lawful duties without hindrance. ‎
- Advertisement -
Lalong also said that the state would continue to accord priority to the welfare of the corps members and advised them to ensure that “they always respect the norms and culture of their host communities''.
Earlier, Mrs Funmilayo Akin-Moses, the state NYSC coordinator, had ‎commended the corps members “for exhibiting a high sense of courage, discipline and patriotism during the orientation.''
Akini-Moses urged them to strive hard to meet the needs of their host communities by embarking on different Community Development Service (CDS) programmes.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – An ex-convict is applauding the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision's decision to give tablets to each inmate.
The tablets are not being paid for by taxpayers. Instead, they will be provided by the contractor, a company called JPay.
Patrick Vail, the former inmate, now owns his own business. He says having a tablet when he was behind bars could have taught him even more.
“It was just counting the days,” Vail said, thinking back to his 10 months in state prison.
He openly told us his story, saying he was 20 years old when he got caught stealing scrap metal to feed a drug habit.
“I thought it was going to be a revolving door,” Vail said. “But all of the things that I taught myself in prison, I applied out here on the street.”
He got clean, and just months after being released, Vail opened up a tattoo shop, Greasers INK in Medina.
“I'm amazed to see how my son has turned out, and how well-spoken he is,” his mother, Deborah Vail said.
“It was all about the books that made me into the productive member (of society) that I am today, by owning a business and paying taxes,” Patrick said.
But Vail thinks he could have learned even more. He says if he had a tablet to read his books on, he could have been more productive during his 10 month stay in prison.
“There's only one book for one prison,” he said. “So there's about 1,500 other people that want the same exact book. You have to be on a waiting list to get that book.”
The Acting Commissioner of DOCCS, Anthony Annucci, made the tablet announcement Tuesday in a state budget hearing. Senator Patrick Gallivan was at that hearing.
“It's unfortunate that all of this information wasn't presented to the legislature and the public,” Senator Gallivan said, noting that Tuesday was the first time he heard about the initiative.
Gallivan chairs the senate's Crime Victims, Crime, and Correction Committee, and says the announcement left him with some unanswered questions.
“I think a good governmental practice, a good management practice is to include others in on decision making,” Gallivan explained, “to engage all the stakeholders when making a decision and introducing something new.”
Specifically, he tells News 4 he would like to speak with the acting commissioner and ask if the department considered what impact the tablets would have on safety and the potential cost down the line.
Reached for comment on Friday, a DOCCS official pointed out some special housing inmates already have tablets, and there have been no problems. He also reiterated no state money is involved in this initiative, now or in the future.
Well, this is weird...
Kerry Katona seems happier than ever at the moment as she's continues to flaunt her blossoming romance with new toy-boy, James English.
But after keeping pretty quiet about their relationship over the last few weeks, now 33-year-old James has broken his silence over his telly star girlfriend. And let's just say, he didn't hold back…
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
During an appearance on a Scottish late night chat show, the former rugby star boasted Kerry was attracted by his large manhood and ‘gags and abs', before joking that he was ‘just using her' for her fame.
According to The Sun, presenter Ewen Cameron asked what attracted James to 37-year-old Kerry, to which he joked: ‘For her it was an instant attraction probably but for me it took a while.'
Before adding: ‘I'm only kidding. She's a beautiful looking woman.'
MORE: Kerry Katona BLASTS ex George Kay after he accuses her of cheating on him with new boyfriend
Not done there, James then went on a bizarre rant about Kerry's fame, continuing: ‘She's more famous than me. I'm living on the back of her. I'm just using her just now to get somewhere.
‘I think she's in her 40s, she's 37 actually and she has got herself a toy boy – can you blame her?'
He then hinted it was his uh-hum, manhood that scored him the Atomic Kitten star, as James revealed he's ‘packing' before joking: ‘It's a bit of casual sex. That's all it is.'
OKAY, so we're very confused – but the sportsman did drop his jokey front for a second to admit he's ‘in love' with the former girl band star. Erm, we THINK that's sweet?
@jamesenglish2 😘😍😘😍 #scotland A post shared by Kerry Katona (@kerrykatona7) on Sep 30, 2017 at 6:22am PDT
James – who appeared on Scottish reality show Glow in 2016 – then went on to say mum-of-two, Kerry ‘helped him come clean'.
‘She's had addictions. She's a bit f***ed up as well. For me that's the attraction. That shows strength for me,' he said.
‘She might have her bad points but she's an amazing mother and has been in the industry for twelve years and is still going strong.'
Kerry and her new man only made their romance official last month after sharing a load of romantic photos together on social media.
Some of the most recent shots show Kerry – who recently split from husband, George Kay – enjoying a break at the comedian's home in Scotland.
AW! It's great to see Kerry happy.
Two weeks after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau delivered a tearful apology in the House of Commons to members of Canada's LGBTQ community, a group of academics is raising red flags about legislation that was tabled that same day.
Bill C-66 sets out to right decades of historical legal wrongs, paving the way for thousands of gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender Canadians to have their criminal convictions for gross indecency, buggery and anal intercourse erased from the public record.
WATCH: Trudeau apologizes to LGBTQ civil servants
In 2017, the government argued, many of those convictions are inconsistent with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Up to 9,000 people could see their criminal records expunged, provided they submit an application and it is approved.
Bill C-66 was designed to help back up the government's official apology with concrete action, but a group of experts is arguing that in its haste, Ottawa has drafted a deeply flawed piece of legislation.
“There are a lot of limitations,” said Gary Kinsman, professor emeritus of sociology at Laurentian University.
“It doesn't cover what it needs to cover. And it's also been done without any consultation with people in the LGBTQ, two-spirited communities. None of us who are historians and experts on the sexual history of Canada and the sexual regulation of same-sex sexuality have been consulted.”
READ MORE: Liberals table bill to erase gay sex convictions as part of LGBTQ apology
Kinsman is one of the four co-signatories to a scathing assessment of Bill C-66 released on Monday morning. The others were Patrizia Gentile, associate professor of human rights and sexuality studies at Carleton University, Tom Hooper, a lecturer in the department of history at York University, and Steven Maynard, permanent adjunct professor in the department of history at Queen's University.
Their concerns come down to issues involving both clarity and scope.
For starters, the academics argue, Bill C-66 doesn't say anything about the thousands of LGBTQ Canadians convicted of offences like vagrancy, indecent acts, obscenity and crimes linked to bawdy houses.
Historically, police often used bawdy house laws to raid bathhouses frequented by gay men and arrest owners, employees and hundreds of customers. In a single sweep in February 1981, officers in Toronto raided four city bathhouses and arrested more than 250 men. A violent protest ensued.
Similarly, Kinsman noted, people who worked for gay or lesbian publications or in LGBTQ bookstores were targeted under obscenity laws. Vagrancy charges were sometimes laid against men and women perceived to be wearing clothing that didn't conform with their sex.
None of these people will have the opportunity to see their records expunged under Bill C-66, although the bill does provide for the addition of additional offences down the line through an order in council.
“All of those people actually thought they were going to be covered by this legislation and now they're finding out that they're not,” Kinsman said.
Asked about the omissions, Liberal MP and special advisor on LGBTQ issues Randy Boissonnault explained that the government is aware of the concerns, but offences like the ones linked to bawdy houses haven't been ruled as running contrary to the Charter of Rights and Freedoms and remain part of the Criminal Code, which complicates matters.
“We're looking at options,” he said of their exclusion.
“We're going to see how the expungement bill as written goes through the Commons, and that's why committee stage is an important opportunity to look at any possible amendments.”
Proving consent
Even if a person's criminal conviction does qualify for expungement under the new law, a new array of questions surfaces.
Applicants will need to prove, for example, that their conviction was based on a consensual sexual encounter with an adult (defined as someone 16 or older). But what kind of documentation is required to prove that? What if the sexual partner is now dead, or can't be found? What if that person claims the encounter wasn't consensual?
And if the applicant needs to go searching through public records and incurs fees for access to those records, who pays?
Global News reached out to the Public Safety Canada on Monday for clarification but had not received a response by the time of publication.
READ MORE: Justin Trudeau differs from his father when it comes to apologizing for historic injustices
The bill does provide a way around some of these issues, however. If documentation can't be provided after a “reasonable effort” has been made to obtain it (the bill doesn't define what that means), the applicant can make a sworn statement that they meet the criteria to have their record wiped.
But again, Kinsman says this raises questions about how the Parole Board of Canada will adjudicate these situations and verify sworn statements.
“It does fall extremely short, and I think in some way they're trying to rush it through to make it look like there was some substance behind the apology that really wasn't there,” Kinsman said of the bill.
“It is a little bit of a slap in the face.”
The committee reviewing the bill was set to examine it later on Monday, after which it will be sent back to the House of Commons for a third reading. Amendments may be proposed.
Outside the House on Monday, NDP public safety critic Randall Garrison said the concerns raised about Bill C-66 are “valid.”
“I'm very disappointed to learn that the government did not consult widely before, as part of the drafting process,” he said. “People have waited decades to have their criminal records revised.”
U.S. Marines test 'Instant Eye' mini drone
by Ryan Maass
Washington (UPI) Feb 14, 2017
The Instant Eye unmanned aerial system is designed for ground-based reconnaissance missions around buildings and other confined areas. U.S. Marine Corps photo by Sgt. Lucas Hopkins
Marines in Camp Lejune, N.C., recently completed training using the Instant Eye, a new hand-held unmanned aircraft designed to support reconnaissance missions.
The Instant Eye is made by PSI Tactical, and is capable of taking off and landing at 90-degree angles. Many other unmanned aerial vehicles require either a runway or throwing for launch. According to the U.S. Marine Corps, the device is ideal for reconnaissance operations in heavily clustered areas.
"We can send this thing ahead and it can look for us," Cpl. Isaac Brown explained in a press release. "We don't have to send Marines not knowing what's on the other side of any obstacle."
In addition to its maneuverability, testers also praised the Instant Eye for its stealth capabilities. The hand-held aircraft is fitted with rotary wings, allowing it to move through tight spaces such as walls or buildings.
"It reduces the need for forward observation...and can take some of the risk out of patrolling," SAUS instructor Shaun Sorensen added.
The testing was conducted by Task Force Southwest, a force comprising roughly 300 Marines. The team is scheduled to train, advise and assist troops in Afghanistan in the spring.
Mother's Day is right around the corner, and for the new mom there is nothing quite as sweet as celebrating this holiday for the first time. Honoring her on this special day might look a thousand different ways. Some mamas crave a solitary day at the spa while others prefer to go on a family hike, so be sure to ask her what plan would make her feel the most loved and appreciated. But while the day's itinerary might vary, almost all moms enjoy being given gifts — even better if they're from little ones. Mother's Day gifts from babies might sound cheesy, but they don't have to be; in fact, the ones on this list are downright stylish. This round-up includes everything from the hottest trends to the most classic sentiments, from fair trade goods to celebrity-approved pieces. Whatever the style of the mama in your life, there is something for everyone here.
So start planning your Sunday breakfast in bed (complete with flowers and a heartfelt card, of course) and promise your lucky lady that you've got the morning feeding covered while she rests. Complete the celebration with a gift from this list and her first Mother's Day will be everything she's dreamed.
1 A Way To Caffeinate Uncommon Goods Mother's Love Mug ($38, Uncommon Goods) Uncommon Goods is selling this Mother's Love Mug and we are here for it. Handmade from clay in Wisconsin by artisan Colleen Huth, the unique style is truly one of a kind. And since baby is spurring mom's coffee dependency, it's only appropriate that he provide her a mug.
2 A Strong & Sexy Tee The LB Brand Interlock Protector Lover Mother Tee ($35, The LB Brand) If it's good enough for J. Lo, it's good enough for the rest of us, am I right? Celebrate the tenacity of motherhood with this strong statement shirt, and let baby give her mama a high five and a thanks for the fight within her.
3 Sunglasses For Summer The LB Brand I Am Modern Motherhood Black Round Sunglasses ($40, The LB Brand) The LB Brand does it again with these glamorous sunglasses that hail the rise of the modern mother. Quirky and bold, these shades are perfect for the unique fashionista who is turning the tables on what motherhood looks like.
4 Jewelry That's Mom-Proud OhBloom/Etsy Mama Bear Necklace ($22, Etsy) I'M loving this "mama bear" plated necklace from the Etsy shop Oh Bloom. Rose gold is all the rage right now and this simple hand stamped necklace would make the sweetest gift from any little cub.
5 A Tribute To A Breastfeeding Mama BrigidsGrove/Etsy Nursing Mama Birth Goddess Sculpture ($17, Etsy) Breastfeeding can be a deeply personal experience for a woman; one with themes of empowerment, sacrifice, nurture, and wonder. A gift from her baby that celebrates their special relationship will surely be cherished for the rest of a woman's life.
6 A Retro Throwback The Bee & The Fox Love Your Mother Ringer Tee ($29, The Bee & The Fox) No one does retro shirts like The Bee & The Fox. You really can't go wrong with any of their styles, but this little 1970s number is a perfect gift for your babe's mama this Mother's Day.
7 Art That Honors Motherhood goddessgallery/Etsy Mother & Child ($55, Etsy) On her first Mother's Day, why not go all out? Take her breath away with a gorgeous piece of original or reprinted art to celebrate the beginning of her motherhood journey. I love the vibrant colors of this Tamara Adams piece and the tender tiny hand resting on its mama.
8 Plants For Indoors Ten A Thousand Villages White Sand Hanging Planter ($30, Ten A Thousand Villages) Sometimes new motherhood has us confined indoors more than we were previously used to. Giving mama the gift of new plant life will not only brighten up naptime, but it can be symbolic of the new life she's brought into the world as well. This fair trade hanging planter from Ten A Thousand Villages will thrill the nature-loving mama.
9 Something To Pamper Her Brooklyn Herborium Holistic Introduction Collection ($96, Brooklyn Herborium) Let's face it: Having a baby can take a toll on a woman's body, skin, and hair, as well as on her normal self-care routine. So it's only fair that her baby would gift her with a little luxury to indulge in. Brooklyn Herborium's products are all-natural, safe for breastfeeding moms, and smell absolutely heavenly.
CTV London
A veteran OPP officer had care or control of a vehicle while having more than the legal limit of alcohol in his system, police say.
The officer, a 53-year-old man who has been with the organization for 20 years, was arrested following a Friday night collision north of Wiarton.
Bruce Peninsula OPP say the officer was off-duty at the time and nobody was hurt in the single-vehicle collision.
The officer has been charged with two offence relating to being impaired while having care or control of a vehicle.
Advertisement
Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau on Tuesday in Abuja said the state government would develop golf to attract more tourists to the state.
Lalong made the assertion when he received Plateau-born Rachel Danjuma, the winner of the 19th IBB Golf and Country Club Open amateur ladies tournament that ended on Sunday.
The governor said that golf and tourism go hand-in-hand, noting that he would ensure the game was well developed to attract other sporting activities.
“For those who know tourism, it is difficult to take tourism to its peak without golf.
“No tourist will come if you don't have a good golf course, even if they come, they will not stay long.
“But if you have a good course, even if they don't have anything doing, they will stay for a long time playing golf,'' he said.
Lalong said that Plateau was the only state in the country that was blessed with a clement weather that every foreigner in Nigeria would want to experience.
According to him, some persons are accusing government giving more attention to golf when compared with other sports.
The governor explained that golf was not just a sport, adding that government was promoting tourism and golf because of their potential to attract both tourists and investors.
Advertisement
Lalong assured the people that he would do everything to ensure that Rayfield Golf Club 1913, the oldest golf course in Nigeria became the envy of golfers.
He added that it was also a way of preserving the history of where golf started in the country.
“When I rushed to be part of the tournament as a guest, little did I know that the winner was going to come from Plateau.
“I am happy and I want to encourage you to keep growing in the game.
“I am also happy that we have three professional golfers from the state, whom, apart from playing at a higher level were helping to nurture golfers at the IBB Golf Club,'' he added.
The governor said the state needed more professional golfers, particularly females to help in the development of the game.
Danjuma, who commended Lalong for sparing time to receive her, stating that the gesture had spurred her to do more.
The winner appreciated Lalong for the restoration of peace in the state, saying that with peace, every Plateau person would freely go about their businesses.
Chris Shaiyen, a member of IBB Golf Club, who presented the winner to the governor, thanked the governor for his continuous support to the game.
Shaiyen applauded the governor's plans to establish a golf academy in Plateau.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the winner of the tournament is an Inspector Police serving in the FCT.
A number of western countries based in Pakistan are making millions through granting visas to our nationals.
The fees range from Rs15000and up to about Rs50000, depending upon the category of visa applied for.
Those applicants whose visa are granted, may not feel the pinch, so I am talking about those individuals whose visa applications are rejected many times on flimsy grounds and their visa fees are not returned.
Recently, my neighbours, an elderly couple aged over 65, had their visa applications rejected by the UK embassy on the grounds that they may not return although I know for sure that they wanted to visit some of their relatives in England and had no plans, whatsoever, to settle in UK.
The above is one of the many examples which indicate the petty/ flimsy grounds on which hundreds of applications are rejected on daily basis.
The affected individuals end up losing the entire visa fee.
How much money is being made by these embassies only in rejecting visas is anybody's guess.
I sincerely think it's highly unfair to the affected party.
The Government of Pakistan is requested to look into this unjustified action of the embassies.
I have a suggestion in this regard.
The embassies should initially charge a nominal “processing” fee, maybe up to Rs5000 to all applicants.
Once the visa has been granted or otherwise, the remaining full visa fee may be charged only from the successful applicants.
CDRE (R) SAJJAD ALI SHAH BOKHARI,
Islamabad, March 28.
Vienna regrets Washington's decision to re-impose sanctions on Iran as these restrictions violate international law.
Austrian President, Alexander Van der Bellen, said on Wednesday that the restrictions also affect Austria due to their extraterritorial nature.
In May, President Donald Trump announced U.S. withdrawal from the Iranian nuclear deal, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).
Under JCPOA, Iran kept its nuclear programme peaceful in exchange for the gradual lifting of international sanctions.
Washington plans to reintroduce all sanctions against Iran, including those targeting third parties that do business with the country, after its withdrawal.
“Austria regrets the U.S. pull-out from the JCPOA.
“We also regret the U.S. decision to re-impose sanctions on Iran.
“This does not concern the so-called primary sanctions against Iran, but the secondary sanctions, which affect Austria, too.
“We believe that these secondary sanctions violate international law due to their extraterritorial nature,'' Mr Van der Bellen told newsmen after his talks with Iranian President, Hassan Rouhani, in Vienna.
The Austrian president added the European Commission supports this position against the U.S. decisions related to the JCPOA.
Mr Rouhani is currently on his European trip aimed at discussing the future of the JCPOA, after the US withdrawal, with EU member states.
On Monday and Tuesday, the Iranian President visited Switzerland, after which he arrived in Austria.
EU officials have repeatedly criticised the extraterritorial nature of sanctions imposed by the U.S. on the countries considered by Washington as its adversaries.
After the U.S. withdrawal from the JCPOA, other signatories, Iran, China, France, Russia, the UK, Germany and the EU said they would abide by it.
Moreover, EU leaders asked the U.S. to grant sanctions waivers to the bloc's companies cooperating with Iran.
MAZAR-I-SHARIF, Afghanistan: Gunmen in Afghanistan kidnapped 52 farmers on Wednesday, most of them members of the minority Uzbek community in the remote northern province of Jowzjan, regional officials said, but the motive for the abductions was not immediately clear.
Afghanistan's once-stable north has become a hotbed of kidnappings and shootings in recent years, as the militant Taliban gains ground, along with small groups loyal to Islamic State, mostly defectors from the Afghan and Pakistani Taliban.
The men seized in Wednesday's incident were kidnapped from three villages in the district of Darz Ab in Jowzjan, while they were at work on their land.
Provincial police blamed Taliban fighters that control most of the district.
"The Taliban is responsible for this act, as they are leading those areas," said Mohammad Riza Ghori, a spokesman for the police chief of Jowzjan.
"A number of elders from Darz Ab, including the police chief, are trying to talk to the Taliban to release these people, and if this does not work, we will launch an operation."
He did not give further details of plans for such a rescue operation, however.
A Taliban spokesman, Zabihullah Mujahid, said he was aware of the report, but could not confirm it as he was gathering information.
Jowzjan is the same province where gunmen last week killed six employees of the International Committee of the Red Cross as they helped deliver emergency relief after heavy snow storms.
Two workers were also kidnapped in that attack, which prompted the ICRC to suspend operations in Afghanistan.
Regional officials blamed last week's attack on Islamic State fighters and the Taliban denied involvement.
However, police spokesman Ghori said there was no Islamic State presence in the area where the farmers were kidnapped, only Taliban.
(Reporting by Abdul Matin Sahak in Mazar-I-Sharif. Writing by Kay Johnson; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Superstar musicians Kanye West and John Legend recently collaborated on a project that had nothing to do with music. The Grammy-winning rapper and Oscar-winning crooner decked themselves out as Easter bunnies for their kids on Easter Sunday.
Their wives, reality star Kim Kardashian West and model Chrissy Teigen, let the bunny out of the bag — so to speak — on Instagram and Snapchat as the costumed dads greeted their delighted kids at the Kardashian-West's expansive Bel-Air residence.
Kardashian dubbed her husband "Dadye" in one photo that showed daughter North, niece Penelope and a few other kids petting the fur-clad rapper. North, as well as her brother, Saint, and Legend's daughter, Luna Stephens, were decked out in their Sunday best, and fan accounts on Instagram eternalized the fleeting Snapchat details.
The Wests were joined by Kim's sister Kourtney Kardashian and her brood, as well as hair-stylist pal Jen Atkin. And the first ladies of Easter posed with baby pets at a mobile petting zoo set up in the sprawling backyard.
It's not the first time the rapper slipped into the bunny costume either. Last year, West and Kylie Jenner's then-beau Tyga donned the costumes for the holiday celebration. But the real question is: What do they do with those things the rest of the year?
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo is scheduled to deliver the State of the Nation Address to Parliament next week Thursday, February 8, 2018.
The State of the Nation Address is an annual address to Parliament by the President of the republic of Ghana covering economic, social and financial state of the country, according to Article 67 of the country's constitution.
Mr Kwasi Ameyaw-Cheremeh, Majority Chief Whip, reading the Business Statement on behalf of the Majority Leader, Osei Kyei-Mensah-Bonsu, for next week, made the announcement of the President's Address.
“Rt Hon Speaker, His Excellency, the President of the Republic is expected to deliver a Message on the State of the Nation on Thursday, 8th February 2018, in accordance with Article 67 of the Constitution,” Mr Ameyaw-Cheremeh said.
He entreated members of the House to be punctual for the event.
“Hon Members are therefore urged to be in the Chamber latest by 09:15 hours, as it may not be courteous for Members to enter or exit the Chamber after the President has entered the House to deliver the address. Indeed, it is a breach of protocol,” Mr Ameyaw-Cheremeh said.
“Mr Speaker, the Business Committee takes this opportunity to advise Hon. Members not to enter the Chamber with their guests.”
Meanwhile, the Special Committee tasked to investigate the “Cash for Seat” allegations against the Ministry of Trade and Industry for collecting various sums of money from expatriate businesses and related matters, during the recently held Ghana Expatriate Business Awards, on Friday presented the report on the enquiry for distribution to members of the House.
According to the Business Statement for next week, the House would move a motion to adopt the Committees Report on Tuesday, February 6, 2018.
Mr Mahama Ayariga, MP for Bawku Central, queried the constitutional basis of the suspension by President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo of Upper West Regional Minister Alhaji Sulemana Alhassan, from office.
Mr Joseph Osei-Owusu, First Deputy Speaker, who was chairing proceedings, ruled that the President acted within his power.
A statement signed by the Director of Communications at the Flagstaff House, Mr Eugene Arhin, stated that Alhaji Alhassan would remain on suspension pending the outcome of an investigation into the unfortunate incidents that occurred on the premises of the Upper West Regional Office of the National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO) in Wa last Wednesday, January 31, 2018.
The Deputy Upper West Regional Minister, Mr Amidu Ishaq, would act as Regional Minister, pending the conclusion of the investigation.
Source: GNA
WASHINGTON: An Iranian drone came within 1,000 feet (300 meters) of a U.S. aircraft carrier while it was in international waters in the Gulf conducting flight operations, a spokesman for the U.S. Naval Forces Central Command said on Monday.
A drone "conducted an unsafe and unprofessional approach" as it passed by the USS Nimitz without navigation lights late on Sunday, said spokesman Lieutenant Ian McConnaughey.
Controllers for the drone did not respond to radio requests for communications, he said.
U.S. officials have complained of numerous unsafe and unprofessional interactions between the United States and Iranian maritime forces this year.
Last Tuesday, a U.S. official said an Iranian drone had approached a U.S. fighter jet as it prepared to land on the aircraft carrier. The official said at the time that it was the 13th such incident in 2017.
McConnaughey said the lack of lights on the drone in the latest incident could have caused a collision and violated "international maritime customs and laws."
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Trump administration has recently struck a hard line on Iran, saying Tehran was violating the spirit of an accord struck by the Obama administration that lifted sanctions and sought to curb Iran's nuclear aspirations.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Writing by Makini Brice; Editing by Tim Ahmann and James Dalgleish)
A Supreme Court ordered auction process began today for Aamby Valley resort town of embattled Sahara group at a reserve price of Rs 37.392 crore.The official liquidator of the Bombay High Court published an auction notice today inviting prospective bidders for the integrated hill city township spread over 6,76,2l1 acres near Lonavala, located between Mumbai and Pune.A Mauritius-based investor, Royale Partners Investment Fund, last week said it has offered to invest USD 1.67 billion (over Rs 10,700 crore) in the Sahara group's Aamby Valley project. Sahara group pegs the market valuation of this project at over Rs 1 lakh crore.Replying to emailed queries about its proposed deal with the Sahara group, RPMG Investment told PTI, "As deposed by the Sahara before the Supreme Court of India, Royale Partners Investment Fund Ltd and its Limited Partners have agreed to invest USD 1.67 billion in the Aamby Valley Project".Sahara's advocate Gautam Awasthi had said in a statement that the group had moved an application before the Supreme Court seeking permission for entering into an agreement with Victor Koenig UK Limited, with the nominee Royale Partners Investment Fund Limited, for inviting an investment of USD 1.67 billion into its Aamby Valley project."....Sahara's had also prayed for stopping the auction process. After hearing counsels for Sebi, amicus curie and Kapil Sibal, senior advocate for the Sahara, the Supreme Court has opened a window for the Sahara by permitting them to enter into the negotiations and deposit the amount before this court, and that is Rs 1,500 crore to be deposited before the next date," he said.Awasthi had said that it was said by the judge that if Rs 1,500 crore is deposited, then auction order will be withdrawn.The Supreme Court on Thursday said the auction process will go on according to the schedule, but if Rs 1,500 crore is paid, as proposed by the group, into the Sebi-Sahara refund account by September 7, then it may pass an appropriate order.The group had asked the court to postpone the auction, which was scheduled to start with publication of a notice on August 14, till September 16 to enable Sahara group chief Subrata Roy arrange the money.Sahara lawyer told the court that hotels in New York have been sold and soon money would be coming into the Sahara account after which Rs 1,500 crore would be deposited into the Sebi-Sahara refund account by September 7, as had been directed by the court.Sahara has been engaged in a long-running battle with the capital market regulator Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India).The apex court had on July 25 asked the embattled Sahara chief to deposit Rs 1,500 crore in the Sebi-Sahara account by September 7 and said that it might then deliberate upon his plea seeking 18 months more time for making complete repayment.
0 National Aviary soars in Pittsburgh
The National Aviary isn't actually part of the federal government, but has built a nationwide reputation for its collection of animals, not all of which are birds.
The country's largest aviary is an independent nonprofit located in Pittsburgh's Allegheny Commons West Park in the Allegheny Center neighborhood, and is the only aviary designated with a “national” status, bestowed by U.S. Congress in 1993.
The aviary dates back to the 1950s, when it was a public institution funded by the city. As the city fell on hard times, the public institution went private, relying on donors to stay afloat.
Currently, more than 500 birds from more than 150 species live at the aviary, and they're visited by more than 100,000 people each year. Among the rare residents of the institution are the green-backed trogon, the scarlet-headed blackbird and blue-winged mountain tanager.
Aviary staff also work to rebuild the populations of endangered and threatened species, like the Guam kingfisher, the Andean condor and the Saipan white-eye.
Among the aviary's more popular exhibits are Penguin Point, home of 20 African penguins, and the FliteZone Theater, the first indoor theater in the U.S. designed specifically for bird shows.
The aviary makes most of its feedings public, and visitors are allowed to participate in some of them.
In addition to birds, the aviary also cares for bats and sloths. The aviary's Sloth Encounter program is among its most popular offerings.
National Aviary
700 Arch St.
412-323-7235
Open daily 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Closed some holidays and for special events.
Admission: $15 for adults, $14 for children 2-12 years old and seniors. Children under 2 are free.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The $1 Million Shootout is BACK!
Join us the week of July 17, 2017, for a chance to win a $1 million hole-in-one prize!
For only $1 per shot, contestants will have an unlimited number of chances to qualify each day.
Open Qualifying will take place Monday, July 17, 2017, to Friday, July 21, 2017, from 3:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Top 5 finishers each day will reach the semi-finals on Saturday, July 22, with five finalists being chosen for a chance at the $1 million prize!
Closest to the pin winner from each qualifying day will win a prize courtesy of Rolling Hills Golf Course.
A Los Angeles jury has awarded $4.8 million to a former South Pasadena police officer who alleged he was fired by the city because of a disability.
After a two-week trial, the jury on Thursday found unanimously in favor of Timothy Patrick Green, an 18-year veteran who was dismissed from the Police Department in 2013.
Green's lawsuit said the reason given for his dismissal, dishonesty, was untrue and that the real reason was discrimination based on his attention-deficit/hyper-active disorder.
South Pasadena City Atty. Teresa L. Highsmith did not return a call from The Times.
Former Police Chief Joseph Payne, who retired before Green's dismissal, testified on his behalf, saying he was “a good officer, a good man, perhaps the best cop in the department at community policing,” said Green's attorney, Vincent Miller.
According to Miller, Payne testified that the city failed Green by not providing accommodations to help overcome his difficulty writing reports. Instead, the lawsuit alleged, Payne's replacement, Chief Arthur Miller, endorsed the recommendation of a captain who had long been trying to have Green fired.
Green's termination revolved around a 2012 pre-dawn incident when he failed to cite a motorist he had stopped for speeding.
Green said he let the motorist go when he saw what he thought were silhouettes at the middle school across the street and went to investigate.
The next day, the driver went to the police station to report that he may have fled a police officer. Later investigation established that he had been involved in a hit-and-run accident before he was stopped by Green.
Green said he had not seen the damage on the front of the car. Green's attorney said his client gave slightly different statements in two interviews. In one, he said he had not gone past the rear bumper of the car. In the other, he said he hadn't gone past the rear quarter panel.
According to the lawyer, Chief Miller claimed Green was lying about being more concerned about suspicious silhouettes at the school than the driver he pulled over.
“The jury clearly felt it was obvious disability discrimination,” the lawyer said.
The award, he said, was to compensate Green for lost wages and “the fact that they destroyed his career permanently.”
“They fired him on charges of dishonesty,” the attorney said. “It's known as the death penalty in law enforcement.”
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
doug.smith@latimes.com
Twitter: @LATDoug
Shot putter Inderjeet Singh has been awarded a four-year sanction by the Anti-Doping Disciplinary Panel (ADDP) of the National Anti Doping Agency (NADA) nearly two years after he was provisionally suspended for testing positive for banned substances, Androsterone and Etiocholanone, weeks before the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
The ADDP had reserved its order upon completion of the hearing on 17 March. In the order passed on Wednesday, the panel held Inderjeet guilty of a rule violation for samples collected in an out-of-competition test in Bhiwani on 22 June 2016 and in the National Inter-State Championship in Hyderabad on 29 June 2016.
Inderjeet, who was provisionally suspended on 26 July 2016, will serve the four-year sanction from that date. It remains to be seen if the 29-year-old shot putter, a World University Games champion and an Asian Games 2014 bronze medallist, will prefer an appeal in the complex case.
The burly shot putter's case is the last of the four high-profile athletes who tested positive in the run-up to the Olympic Games. Wrestler Narsingh Yadav, sprinter Dharambir and quarter-miler Priyanka Panwar have all been sanctioned.
Since Dharambir and Priyanka flunked the tests a second time, they are now serving eight-year bans. The Court for Arbitration of Sport handed Narsingh a four-year suspension in Rio after the NADA ADDP declared him not guilty of a rule violation.
Inderjeet's case aroused much interest since the National Dope Testing Laboratory (NDTL) had first declared a sample negative and then reversed its finding. The shot-putter's lawyer Anish Dayal drew the panel's focus on the procedural lapses but the ADDP was not convinced that any of these had led to the samples testing positive.
The twists and turns in the case included the refusal of the Dope Control Officer and a Junior Analyst at the National Dope Testing Laboratory (NTDL) to depose before the ADDP. The failure of a laboratory equipment during the test meant that the sample being tested had to be stored as an aliquot for nearly a fortnight.
The case was heard by an ADDP from January 2017, but it was unable to arrive at a conclusion before its tenure ended in November last year. The NADA panel, chaired by Manik Dogra, resumed hearing the complex case in December last and reserved its order in the third week of March.
The panel believed that the two main questions for consideration were whether there were material departures from the international standards during the collection and analysis of the samples, and whether such departures, if any, would result in vitiating the entire testing procedure. While the panel answered the first question in Inderjeet's favour, it ruled against him in the second.
The panel, which included Dr Rana Chengappa and former India hockey captain Jagbir Singh, did not ignore the fact that there were “serious departures” from WADA guidelines during testing. It has suggested that NDTL improve its Standard Operation Procedures so that such lapses do not occur in the future.
However, despite such departures from the guidelines, ADDP said that the onus of proving that the deviations have vitiated the testing procedure to such an extent that the result of the tests could be annulled lay with the athlete. A special witness that Inderjeet secured to testify in his favour – a former employee of the NDTL – was unable to swing the arguments his way.
Interestingly, the panel included an observation that can become a beacon for the anti-doping proponents and as a lesson for those who keep arguing that an athlete has been tested several times in the past and held a clean record.
“The fact that the athlete has previously tested negative for a prohibited substance is not a valid consideration for evaluating the adverse analytical finding (AAF) in the current test. His intent, negligence or otherwise, is secondary and it is for the athlete to disprove the findings of an AAF. Unless the athlete disproves the findings, the presumption is against the athlete,” the order stated.
Along with a recent order in discus thrower Arjun Yadav's case which indicated that NDTL's testing did not find traces of a banned substance in his sample but the tests in a laboratory in Cologne reported it positive, it can be reckoned that NDTL will come under some pressure from WADA sooner than later to tighten up its procedures and avert any lapses.
- Advertisement -
Super Eagles goalkeeper Ikechukwu Ezenwa has said the Nigerian team will strive to better its bronze-winning outing at the 2014 African Nations Championship (CHAN).
Ahead of the CHAN 2018 holding in Morroco, the home-based Super Eagles will participate in the Super Six tournament alongside the top six teams in the Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL).
In a chat, Ezenwa said: “The Super Six is a big tournament. It is a big target for us and part of our preparation for Morocco 2018.
“It is an important phase for us ahead of the African Nations Championship (CHAN). We are capable of showing quality and overcoming the other teams participating in the tournament.”
Pundits and fans have expressed doubts about the team but the captain of the home-based Super Eagles says there's no cause for alarm.
“Most of my colleagues went for preseason. We are in good shape and above all professionals,” Ezenwa said.
- Advertisement -
“Don't forget that we had a great outing at the WAFU Cup of Nations. My teammates are aware of what is expected of them.
“It is a gradual process. We will take it step by step. The most important thing is that we have qualified for the CHAN tournament.
“We need to start the competition on a sound footing in the opening match against Rwanda. Our target is the final. We want to surpass the record of the 2014 set that won Bronze medal in South Africa. It's an achievable task.”
Ezenwa described 2017 as “an unforgettable year because I had the chance to showcase my talents to the world”.
He said: “I had the opportunity to play for the Super Eagles and gave my best when called upon. It's a story I will narrate to my children in future.”
The ex-Sharks and FC Ifeanyi Ubah star said the Super Eagles will do well at the 2018 World Cup because “we have a sound management, technical crew and playing personnel”.
You would think that Justin Timberlake would be a fan of football — after all, the singer who has been performing for decades is performing during the Super Bowl on Sunday. But Timberlake, who is the father to a young son, Silas, with wife Jessica Biel, just revealed something really interesting about his thoughts on the sport. Of course a universally acknowledged truth that Timberlake is musically inclined so it shouldn't come as a surprise that Timberlake doesn't want his son to play football. But with all of the musical talent that is probably sitting in Silas' genes, can you blame Timberlake for not wanting that to go to waste?
Playing sports can do wonders for a child — it gets them outside, it helps them exert all of their energy, and treats them all about the importance of sportsmanship. But at the same time, playing sports can be a little dangerous (broken bones are a scary thought for any parent). Sports typically aren't too controversial of a subject, but Timberlake appears to have taken a side on it.
During a press conference on Thursday before his Super Bowl performance this Sunday, Timberlake said that his son will never play football. You read that right — never. play. football. Even though, he joked, that his son did run quite a bit on the the football field during his rehearsals before the big show, according to Mashable.
But just because Timberlake doesn't want his son playing football doesn't mean that he will push him into the music industry, either. "I'd rather not think about that because he's about to turn three," Timberlake said. Fair enough.
Timberlake is right. Parents spend every day with their children, working towards raising them to be the amazing humans that they know they can be. To start thinking about his son's future or what kind of person he will be at such a young age is a lot of pressure, not only for Silas, but for Timberlake, too. Timberlake elaborated on this, saying, according to E! News:
It's kind of like that thing where my main objective is that he become a great person and if he wants to get into the arts or sports, then yeah, I would fully support that. I can hopefully offer him some advice on what to do, what not to do, and so yeah, but right now we're working on our manners. It's a big deal in our house right now. It's like, one thing at a time.
When you're that young, it's impossible to imagine what you will be in the future (and actually stick with a plan) — so to determine a child's future is a little unfair. But, as Timberlake said, his role as a father is to not only give him advice, help him grow, but teach him how to tie his shoes and potty train him. Seriously, when it comes to toddlers, every day is an opportunity to teach them something new, like how to feed themselves.
You can understand why Timberlake would be apprehensive to commit his son to anything this early, especially since he grew up in the spotlight himself, performing with boyband NSYNC as a teenager. In 2017, Timberlake opened up to The Hollywood Reporter about how he "did not have a normal childhood." Timberlake said:
You go through your life with your own traumas, big and small, and think "It's not that bad, I have a lot to be thankful for, my parents did the best they could." But then you have a child of your own and suddenly it opens all the floodgates, and you're like, "No, no, no! That childhood trauma really did f— me up!"
Based on this, you really can't blame Timberlake for wanting to give his son a normal childhood and not rushing to push any sport, hobby, or future career on him just yet. But Timberlake reiterated to The Hollywood Reporter last year that he would be there to give his son advice when the time to pick a career path does come. "I suppose I could teach him a lot about what not to do," Timberlake said.
When the time comes for Silas to pick his extra curricular activities and choose a career, it is pretty much guaranteed that Timberlake will be there to provide him with advice.
The impact of the 21st Century in its short phylogenesis has produced a pseudonymous willingness to accept the most threatening viewpoints and behavior yet seen on the planet. Implied within this overview is the precept that free will is the natural basis of our collective makeup. Nevertheless, the flight from personal liberty and constructive communal cultural values has been in an unimpeded free fall as the coercion of the mob intensifies. According to this groupthink, no competing ontology is acceptable in this brave new world of multicultural purity. This snake pit of toxic venom has been poisoning the popular culture for dozens of decades. So far the battle for sanity has fought off the scourge. However, the recent escalation of pernicious assaults on the decency of human freedom has become indisputable.
Listing a litany of aggressive examples of our cultural demise is not necessary. You know the horror stories from your own life. If you are of an age that has accumulated meaningful worldly experience, be honest and admit the factual reality of our cultural downfall. The forces committed to the demise of Western Civilization are implanted within every aspect of society.
Sure there are millions of conscientious citizens that want to lead a normal life. Still, when compared to their own life cycle, the current crop of indoctrinated and educated government school guinea pigs exist in a foreign haze of cultural secular humanism. So when Henry Giroux, writes during the pre Trump era in Counterpunch, Culture of Cruelty: the Age of Neoliberal Authoritarianism, a liberal thought mindset comes through loud and clear.
“Relegated to an object of disdain by right-wing extremists, the legacy of democratic principles now withers under a social order marked by a hardening of the culture and the emergence of an unprecedented survival-of-the-fittest ethos. This is a mean-spirited ethos that rails against any notion of solidarity and compassion that embraces a respect for others. The consequences of this emerging authoritarianism speak to a different experience of total terror in the 21st century. The basic elements of this new neoliberal authoritarianism can be seen clearly in the ongoing and ruthless assault on the social state, unions, higher education, workers, students, poor minority youth, and any vestige of the social contract. Free market policies, values, and practices with their emphasis on the privatization of public wealth, the elimination of social protections, and the deregulation of economic activity now shape practically every commanding political and economic institution in both countries. Markets now use their economic and ideological resources to weaponize and militarize all aspects of everyday life, increasingly held in place by a culture of fear, a pedagogy of repression, a banal celebrity culture, game show aesthetics, and a politics of precarity, control, and mass surveillance. A world of shadows, secrecy, and lawlessness now characterizes a deep state that is ruthless in its pursuit of wealth and power and indifferent to its plundering of both humanity and the planet.”
Giroux blame game analysis ignores in his Orwellian comparison the actual perverts who abandon the timeless tenants of civility and replace our traditional heritage with a 20th Century advocacy of socialized collectivism.
The substantive architects of the cultural authoritarianism that has gripped America in an epidemic of delusion and carnage are complicit, who turned their backs on basic Christian values and accept the relativism of a malformed society. Over sixteen years ago the essay, What is the Responsibility of a Citizen?, defined the purpose of a citizen.
“Human Nature, being what it is, not all will, or are able to, become members in good standing. For those who are the exceptions, their place will be discussed another time. But for those who willingly choose to become part of the Civilized Community, the prospects for a meaningful future can be earned. Therefore, the responsibility of the citizen to his society starts with the respect he needs to accept for himself. This should not be confused with being self-centered. Quite to the contrary, this idea of self-worth requires that no one will, willingly accept being reduced to slavery, even when it is created by your own hands. This is a radical departure from the common activities of most people. For the chains of serfdom, are forged upon the anvils of your own making. Intimidation is more harmful than the bullet. And bowing to the tyrant is easy when the alternative is to choose to defend your dignity. But we live in a time of soft bodies and minds that have accepted the substitute of comfort, for honor and purpose. My responsibility is the same as yours. I am willing to accept that obligation, but can you say the same? Are you willing to choose! Will you become responsible to me, as much as I am willing to defend your rights? This is the essence of citizenship. But can this standard be resurrected, or have we all passed the point of no return? The answer lies within your own reply.”
Authoritarianism is no longer seen as a scourge to the irresponsible. Having second thoughts about accepting the dictates of the “so called” authorities bother fewer and fewer people with every passing year. The degree of silent acceptance grows into a tolerance of greater levels of tyranny. The ensembled rage on social media and the message from the gatekeepers for the establishment enlightenment is clear. Go against the grain of acceptable “PC”, and all hell will come down upon you.
Reputations and lives are routinely destroyed whenever the authoritarian mantra is challenged. Those among the public who remains in their daze of conformity and submission are the true protectors of the despotic system. As long as the fear of being labeled a racist, a bigot, an anti-Semitic or a hard right conservative persists; the courage of the nation can be fit into a closed lid bottle for storage.
This attitude underpins why the society has transformed into a totalitarian gulag. LIBERTY is now the dirtiest word in the vocabulary and taking a knee no longer means you are praying to God. By swallowing the autocratic structure of oppression, the gradual morphing into a society of totalitarianism becomes complete. Those who argue over degrees of despotism and what scale of autarchy is acceptable are cowards.
Government is the vehicle that dispenses this dictatorship. Even when the track record for corruption, unlawful behavior, and predatory enforcement are revealed, most will still defend the system as a flawed work in process. Well, this posture is a joke. Some form of organizing society will entail a government social system because the very purpose of such an administration is to tax and force citizens to conform their conduct into obedience. Tyranny is a recent essay that expands upon this theme.
Today the velocity of technology has become an integral part of advancing the “Absolute Swamp State”. Nearly every inhabitant derives their income and effective ability to subsist from a rigged economy that fosters the global empire. Back in the day opposing this oligarchy model from permanent rule was accepted by the majority of the nation.
This mindset is absent in the digital age of virtual reality. The rich get richer, not because of a failure in authentic capitalism, but because a free market no longer exists when the government is the silent partner behind most ventures and transactions.
The equity courts exist to protect the system, not to bring justice to the people. The inevitable outcome of allowing an authoritarian frame of mind to dispose of the historic healthy distrust of our Founding Fathers is to yield to the power and penalties of a totalitarian regime. As more and more citizens concede to this naked truth, the entire society moves one closer step into an everlasting hellhole.
Is there any argument or mass movement to reverse this course or are we all doomed into an eternal enslavement? If you are a Trump Deplorable the fight continues, but if the forces of mass censorship and collectivism surrender are left to their own device, the entire society will lose any grounding in constitutional restraint.
The sad phenomenon is that individual freedom, much less communal liberty is opposed by most culturally programmed latte hemlock drinkers. Groupthink has become the dominant culture. The cultural civil war has been waged in earnest since Donald Trump has become President. Make no mistake about it, the furor against an America First doctrine is irrefutable evidence that the culture of authoritarianism is entrenched in the deformed minds of a society made up of dedicated totalitarianists.
The country is very close to a society of desolation. As the heartland traditionalist pass on, the residue of urban parasites flock to their iPhones to see what their Google masters or Facebook friends are mimicking as the latest “PC” adorning viewpoint. What a fall for a country born from revolution and now dying from government self-induced suicide and cultural conformity.
Submit your review 1 2 3 4 5 Check this box to confirm you are human. Submit Cancel Create your own review A Culture of Authoritarianism = A Society of Totalitarianism Average rating: 0 reviews
Share:
DADU - The huge public meetings of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) have disturbed the state of mind of the leadership of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP). “Now, it's time for change.”
PTI candidate for NA-235 Johi Karim Ali Khan Jatoi, son of former Sindh chief minister Liaquat Ali Khan, expressed these remarks during an address to a workers' convention held in connection with election campaign for upcoming July 25 polls on Monday. Jatoi expressed his optimism that the PTI would form government in the centre as well as in all provinces of Pakistan.
PTI district president Sardar Ashique, candidate for PS-85, said that the PPP and the PML-N were responsible for devastation of the country.
HEATSTROKE CAMPS
On the directives of SSP Tanvir Hussein Tunio, police have setup heatstroke camps in the city on Monday.
Police provided water to the commuters and passersby. They also provided medial aid to the victims of heatstroke. Tanvir said that the camps not only providing cold drinks and water to the citizens but they also arranged fodder and water for pet animals and birds to protect them from scorching heat.
He said that the aim of the camps was to make awareness among the people for philanthropic work, love with humanity and close association of police with citizens of Dadu.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
5 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Rickie Fowler's storming finish vaulted him to the top of the Waste Management Phoenix Open leaderboard on Saturday after the American signed for four-under 67 and a one-shot lead heading into the final round.
REUTERS: Rickie Fowler's storming finish vaulted him to the top of the Waste Management Phoenix Open leaderboard on Saturday after the American signed for four-under 67 and a one-shot lead heading into the final round.
Fowler, who began the day tied for the lead, made a slow start and was one-over through seven holes but roared back into contention with five birdies thereafter, including three straight from the 16th at TPC Scottsdale in Arizona.
His 14-under-par 199 total leaves him one clear of in-form Spaniard Jon Rahm, Chez Reavie and Bryson DeChambeau. Five-times major champion Phil Mickelson is in a group of three players a further shot adrift on a packed leaderboard.
World number two Rahm, a fan favourite who played college golf in Arizona, shook off a disappointing finish to his second round with a six-under 65 that included five birdies from the 11th.
The 23-year-old Rahm already has a win and a second this season as he continues his quest to usurp world number one Dustin Johnson at the top of the rankings.
World number four Justin Thomas made a fantastic start to his round when he vaulted into contention by starting with six consecutive birdies to reach 12-under, but a back-nine collapse saw the American tumble back down the standings at six-under.
Advertisement
Advertisement
For Fowler, Sunday's final round will represent a shot at redemption after he blew an opportunity to win in Phoenix two years ago when he put his tee shot into a water hazard and lost to Japan's Hideki Matsuyama in a sudden-death playoff.
(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; Editing by John O'Brien)
BUCYRUS, Ohio (AP) — A one-time death row inmate in Ohio whose sentence was commuted to life in prison is asking for a new trial based on concerns that have surfaced around a former state crime lab worker.
Attorneys for Kevin Keith are questioning whether the state forensic expert provided unreliable testimony against him at his 1994 trial.
The forensic expert who worked then for Ohio's Bureau of Criminal Investigation has denied manipulating evidence.
But the state public defender and others have formed a task force to review cases involving the longtime forensic scientist whose credibility has been questioned.
The review and concerns that been raised led Keith's attorney to ask for a new trial in new trial in Crawford County.
Keith was convicted of killing three people in Bucyrus in 1994.
Jeypore: At least two persons were killed while more than eleven others sustained serious injuries when a bus in which they were traveling overturned at Patraput near Jeypore in Koraput district on Tuesday.
The incident occurred during morning time when the driver of the private bus lost control over the vehicle. The bus named, ‘Gupta' was carrying around 50 passengers was on its way from Vishakhapatnam to Kalimela via Jeypore when the driver of the bus lost control over the vehicle and met with an accident. While one of the deceased has been identified as Sunita Mahanandia of Malkangiri, the identity of another is yet to be known.
Locals swung into the action and rescued the passengers. Meanwhile, the injured have been admitted to Koraput District Headquarters Hospital (DHH) and Jeypore hospital. Though the exact reason was not yet ascertained, it is suspected that the dense fog might be the reason.
1 /16 Aishwarya Rai Bachchan Image: Instagram.com/florianhurelmakeupandhair Alia Bhatt Image: Instagram.com/hairbypriyanka Deepika Padukone Image: Instagram.com/sandhyashekar Diana Penty Image: Instagram.com/dianapenty Esha Gupta Image: Instagram.com/egupta Jacqueline Fernandez Image: Instagram.com/amitthakur_hair Kangana Ranaut Image: Instagram.com/stylebyami Kareena Kapoor Khan Image: Instagram.com/poonamdamania Katrina Kaif Image: Instagram.com/tanghavri Kriti Sanon Image: Instagram.com/adrianjacobsofficial Lisa Haydon Image: Instagram.com/lisahaydon Shraddha Kapoor Image: Instagram.com/shraddha.naik Sonakshi Sinha Image: Instagram.com/aslisona Sonam Kapoor Image: Instagram.com/bbhiral Sonam Kapoor Image: Instagram.com/sonamkapoor Sonam Kapoor Image: Instagram.com/bbhiral
In putting together our edit from last week's best Bollywood beauty Instagrams, it was definitely the hardest to pick between Sonam Kapoor's six noteworthy looks from the week. We zeroed in on our top three—one, her chic twisted bun; two, her metallic eyeshadow and second-day-hair updo; and three, our favourite, her dark single-hued smoky eye and frosted, glossy lip looks. The best part is, the third look is super easy to replicate. Use the darkest grey eyeshadow you can find and apply it on your eyelid, a little beyond your crease while still maintaining distance from the brow bone. Run a blending brush on your crease and outwards for a soft look. Pick your eyeshadow brush again and use it on your lower lash line moving towards your shadow on top on the corners, and you're set.
Kapoor's best friend Jacqueline Fernandez joined her on similar trends by wearing gold eyeshadow, glossy nude lips and a texturised bun. But the buzziest beauty news today? Has to be Lisa Haydon's platinum blond hair from earlier today.
Kareena Kapoor Khan showed up in her glossy-skin-best coupled with a bun and pearl adornments for the Lux Golden Rose Awards. Our favourite beauty looks from the awards also include Deepika Padukone's earthy-toned makeup and messy hair, Diana Penty's smoothened-back mane and dark pink lips and Kriti Sanon's intense eye makeup look, easily balanced out by her middle-parted, blown-out mane. Clean skin with focus on a single feature seemed to be a popular choice last week. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan kept to basic eyeliner and open curls for a dinner with the Ambanis. Alia Bhatt and Esha Gupta followed suit—Bhatt with the hair, with only a soft, pink lipstick in sight and Gupta with the eyeliner with a top knot and bangs. Kangana Ranaut wore a creamy red lip to match her gown, Katrina Kaif upped the drama on her eyes with intense lashes, Sonakshi Sinha gave pink eyeshadow a shot and Shraddha Kapoor wore a tomato red on her lips.
Flip through the gallery above for a look at the best Bollywood beauty Instagrams from last week.
NEW YORK: Shares of big technology companies tumbled on Monday (Mar 19) following a Facebook data breach scandal, pushing US equity markets sharply lower.
The tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 137.75 points (1.84 per cent) to close at 7,344.24.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 335.60 points (1.35 per cent) to end the day at 24,610.91 and the broad-based S&P 500 fell 39.09 points (1.42 per cent) to 2,712.92.
Facebook itself suffered the biggest hit, diving 6.8 per cent following reports that Cambridge Analytica, the data analysis firm hired by Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, stole information from 50 million Facebook user profiles to help design software to predict and influence voters' choices.
But other large technology names, including Amazon, Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Netflix lost around 1.5 per cent or more on worries that additional scrutiny could result in regulations that crimp growth at many of the stock market's leading lights.
"What this has done has sparked a conversation that will probably affect quite a few of these tech names," said Shawn Cruz, manager of trader strategy at TD Ameritrade.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"If there's any sort of changes or regulation that comes out of this, it'll be applied across the board to all these companies that are using data."
The tech pullback prompted broad-based selling with virtually the entire Dow finishing in the red. Leading industrial companies such as Caterpillar and DowDuPont lost more than two per cent.
Analysts said other events this week are also encouraging investor caution, including a Federal Reserve monetary policy decision on Wednesday and a G20 meeting of finance ministers in Argentina that could bring to the surface rising tensions on international trade.
Information technology company CSRA rose 0.9 per cent after receiving an solicited offer from CACI International. CSRA, which previously reached an agreement to be acquired by General Dynamics for US$9.6 billion, said it would review the CACI offer. CACI dropped 7.5 per cent, while General Dynamics advanced 0.5 per cent.
The panel of investigators from the Department of Justice (DOJ) has granted the request of Cebu-based businessman Peter Lim that a separate preliminary investigation be conducted in relation to the drug complaint filed against him.
Last April, Lim filed a motion for a separate preliminary investigation expressing fear that his defenses might not be given due attention.
“Mr. Lim is concerned that his defenses and the obvious lack of evidence against him might not be given due attention in view of the number of respondents and transactions involved in the case,” the motion stated.
During Wednesday's preliminary investigation, Lim again was absent. His lawyer, Atty. Magilyn Loja, cited security reasons for her client's absence.
“Due to safety reason, our client is not present,” Loja said.
The DOJ panel of prosecutors earlier dismissed the charges against Lim and the other respondents, citing the failure of the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group (CIDG) to present strong evidence against Lim and the other respondents.
The decision caused a public uproar, including President Rodrigo Duterte, who threatened to put then Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II in jail if Lim and confessed drug lord Kerwin Espinosa would go scot-free.
Aguirre immediately canceled his prosecutors' resolution clearing the respondents and formed a new panel to look into the case last March 19, attributing his decision to the “nationwide uproar” created by the dismissal of the criminal charges against the suspected big fish in the local narcotics trade.
The controversial dismissal of the charges against Lim and his co-respondents led to the resignation of Aguirre as Justice Secretary last April 5.
Months after he assumed his post in July 2016, President Duterte identified one “Peter Lim” as one of the country's biggest drug lords.
The Cebuano businessman then quickly denied that he was the Peter Lim linked by the President to illegal drugs.
In July 2017, the CIDG's Major Crimes Investigation Unit filed a case against Lim and several others for alleged conspiracy to commit the “sale, trading, administration, dispensation, delivery, distribution and transportation of dangerous drugs and / or controlled precursors and essential chemicals.”
The CIDG presented as its lone witness, Marcelo Adorco, one of alleged henchmen of Espinosa.
Adorco claimed that Lim supplied narcotics in “staggering amounts” to
Espinosa for more than two years. On June 4, 2015, Adoro said Lim allegedly met with him and Espinosa in Thailand regarding the delivery of 50 kilos of powdered meth at the Cash & Carry parking lot in Makati City three days later.
But Lim's camp said the businessman had surrendered his passport to the National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) to prove that Lim was not in Thailand on June 4, 2015, and was instead confined at the Cebu Doctors' Hospital due to a kidney problem.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
We know that NHL players aren't happy that they'll be playing regular season games this month and not participating in the PyeongChang Olympics, which begin next week. (Those who wouldn't have been going, of course, would have liked the extra vacation time.)
Since the NHL announced in April that it wouldn't be sending players for the first time since 1994, players have been outspoken in their disagreement with the decision. “As cool as it for players to be a part of the Olympic experience, it's a missed opportunity to expand our game,” said Winnipeg Jets captain Blake Wheeler during last weekend's NHL All-Star festivities.
San Jose Sharks defenseman Marc-Edouard Vlasic, who won gold with Canada in 2014, has been the most vocal.
• When a report came out in Nov. 2016 that the NHL had offered the NHLPA Olympic participation in exchange for extending the current Collective Bargaining Agreement, Vlasic responded, “That's not the way you negotiate things. But, if that is true, all of a sudden they don't mind having a two-week break in the NHL for a three-year collective bargaining agreement.”
• “It happens once every four years, but now we put in the World Cup, so a condensed schedule happens every two years,” he said via the Mercury News right after the NHL's decision. “But for the World Cup it's OK. Guys get injured in the World Cup, but that's OK. Shorter summers, longer seasons, but that's OK.”
• “What I'd like is for the NHL to openly give the real reasons for its refusal to go to Pyeongchang,” he wrote last June.
So, yeah, Vlasic is really pissed about not being able to represent Canada again. In a chat with Ross McKeon of the San Francisco Gate, the 30-year-old defenseman detailed the lengths at which he went to get another opportunity.
“I would love to in 2022,” he said. “I'm fighting not only for myself in '22, but for every other player who gets a chance to do it in 2026, '30, '34 and down the road. I'm not just thinking of myself, I'm thinking about all the players who deserve to go.” That determination is what moved Vlasic to hold a conference call with lawyers and the NHL Players' Association. Termination of his extension (which was signed July 1) was a possibility. The Sharks could be targeted for a suit, and ultimately Vlasic could be, too, if it could be proved that the product San Jose was putting on the ice during his absence wasn't as good as if he had been playing. According to Vlasic, he was told that a court order could be issued if a player still insisted on going. And, ultimately, a player could be arrested for violating the order if he played. “I don't think it would have gone that far, but it's a possibility,” said Vlasic, who noted his initial thought when the league made its decision was to go no matter what.
Vlasic added that players should have Olympic participation guaranteed by putting it in the next CBA, which several players told me they expect to be a topic when negotations begins. He sees the benefits that putting the game on that stage can have, and while he won't completely ignore the 2018 tournament in PyeongChang, don't expect him to carve out time in his busy schedule for a game.
“Am I going to watch the hockey? I'll probably see the highlights,” he told McKeon. “I won't sit down and watch it.”
MORE: 2018 Olympic hockey schedule
————
Sean Leahy is a writer for Pro Hockey Talk on NBC Sports. Drop him a line at phtblog@nbcsports.com or follow him on Twitter @Sean_Leahy.
WASHINGTON: U.S. President Donald Trump assailed U.S. intelligence agencies on Wednesday for what he said were illegal information leaks, and dismissed reports of contacts between members of his presidential campaign and Russian intelligence officials.
Trump went on the counter-offensive as his administration reeled from the abrupt dismissal of Michael Flynn as national security adviser on Monday.
The New York Times reported late on Tuesday that phone call records and intercepted calls showed members of Trump's presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the Nov. 8 election.
Trump dismissed the report, firing back in a series of early morning tweets on Wednesday.
"This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign," the Republican president tweeted, citing his former Democratic rival in the 2016 presidential contest.
In another tweet, Trump said: "Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia," adding that the situation was "very serious."
"The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!" Trump wrote.
He did not give evidence to back his charge that intelligence officials were supplying information to the news media. He did not say if he had ordered any investigation into leaks.
Reuters could not immediately confirm the Times report, which the Kremlin dismissed on Wednesday.
CNN also reported that Trump advisers were in constant contact with Russian officials during the campaign.
INTERCEPTED COMMUNICATIONS
The Times, citing current and former U.S. officials, said U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they discovered Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee.
The officials had seen no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election, the Times said, but they were still alarmed by the intercepted communications.
Flynn was forced out over conversations he had with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office on Jan. 20, and his misrepresentations to Vice President Mike Pence over what he had discussed.
The Times said the intercepted calls in its report were different from the wiretapped conversations between Flynn and the ambassador, Sergei Kislyak.
U.S. lawmakers, including some leading Republicans, called on Tuesday for a deeper inquiry into not just Flynn's actions but broader White House ties to Russia. Trump has long said that he would like improved relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Flynn's conversations with the Russian ambassador took place around the time that then-President Barack Obama imposed new sanctions on Russia on Dec. 29, charging that Moscow had used cyberattacks to try to influence the presidential election in Trump's favour.
A U.S. official familiar with the transcripts of the calls with the ambassador said Flynn indicated that if Russia did not retaliate, that could smooth the way toward a broader discussion of improving U.S.-Russian relations once Trump took power.
This was potentially illegal under a law barring unauthorized private citizens from interfering in disputes the United States has with other countries.
(Reporting by Susan Heavey; Editing by Mohammad Zargham and Frances Kerry)
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
Actor and screenwriter Paul Rudd will be subjected to a comedic roast as he picks up his 2018 Man of the Year award from the nation's oldest collegiate theatrical organization at Harvard University.
NN California's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter's dry spell persists.
NN California's water managers are carrying out their mid-winter snowpack survey as the winter's dry spell persists.
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after he tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
By JENNIFER SINCO KELLEHER
Associated Press
HONOLULU (AP) - A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was "100 percent sure" at the time that the attack was real.
The man in his 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that he not be identified because he fears for his safety after receiving threats.
He says an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
"Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it," he said. "I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow."
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, he said: "It's been hell for me the last couple weeks."
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired him after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that he had problems performing his job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
His supervisors counseled him but kept him for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying he wasn't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, he said.
"When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message," he said.
The man said he didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, "exercise, exercise, exercise."
"I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'" he said. "I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers."
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
"The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have," retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that he stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident "shines a light" on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that he believes the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, he said. "As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate," he said.
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesman Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. He wasn't trying to impede any investigations, he said: "There really wasn't anything else to say."
___
This story has been corrected to say a co-worker took the call, not the man who sent the alert.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CHEYENNE, Wyo. – The Wyoming State Fair advisory board will meet via conference call on Thursday, June 15, 2017, at 9 a.m.
The Wyoming State Fair Advisory Board will start the meeting at 9 a.m. During the meeting, the board will review and discuss the schedule and changes for the 2017 Wyoming State Fair, review and approve the minutes from the previous meeting, discuss and follow-up on items in the minutes from the previous meeting, discuss needed appointments and reappointments, and cover any other business as needed.
There will be a chance for public comment during the meeting.
The Wyoming State Fair Advisory Board helps guide the Wyoming State Fair and help address any issues that may come up before, during, or after the Wyoming State Fair. Board members include: Jeff Ketcham, District 1; Scott Lake, District 2; Jim Mickelson, District 3; Vacant, District 4; Jim Gill, District 5; Loren Heth, District 6; and Barney Cosner, District 7. Other members include: Joe Rankin, Converse County apointee; Johnathan Despain, Dean of College of Agriculture appointee; Stacy Broda, Wyoming FFA Association appointee; James Goodrich, director of the Wyoming State Fair; Vicki Rupert, deputy director of the Wyoming State Fair; and Doug Miyamoto, director of the Wyoming Department of Agriculture.
The call in number for the meeting is 1-877-278-2734 and the participant pin number is 795536.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google parent Alphabet Inc replaced long-time Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt with board veteran John Hennessy, a former Stanford University president and one of search engine company's first users, it said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.
Hennessy, 65, a computer scientist with expertise in chip design and deep connections in Silicon Valley, joined Google's board in 2004 months before the company went public. He was dean of Stanford's engineering school when students Sergey Brin and Larry Page developed Google and was an early tester of their technology. Hennessy will be non-executive chairman, unlike Schmidt, who was an Alphabet employee.
“It's a privilege!” Hennessy said by email about the new role.
Shirley Tilghman also announced her retirement from the Alphabet's board effective Feb. 15, the company said in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing. She did not respond to a request to comment.
Schmidt stepped down in January, ending a 17-year run in which he played a central role in building a promising startup called Google into a global technology powerhouse. He remains a board member and adviser on technical and science issues.
Hennessy's chairmanship begins at a time when lawmakers, privacy critics and other groups fear that Google may have too much control over how people connect with each other in the digital age. It has been blasted for allowing extremist videos to stream on YouTube and misleading news to lead Google search results.
Rivals in Alphabet's biggest business, online advertising, have complained about anti-competitive practices. Questions about collection of user data are omnipresent, especially as Alphabet develops cars, smart speakers and facial recognition software.
Hennessy presided over Stanford as it became more academically competitive with Ivy League schools such as Harvard and Yale universities. He saw its endowment surge during boom years in Silicon Valley, where the school is located.
As a Stanford researcher, Hennessy co-founded chip design startup Mips Computer Systems, which was acquired by Silicon Graphics International in 1992. He has been lead independent director at Google and Alphabet since 2007.
Schmidt came to Google as a veteran tech executive to provide “adult supervision,” as he, Page and Brin have described it. He served as chairman from 2001 to 2004 and from 2007 through January.
Schmidt led the company's involvement in industry disputes and public policy fights around the world. He oversaw Google's 2004 initial public offering and its reorganization under the Alphabet holding company in 2015.
Over the last two years, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat, Google Chief Executive Sundar Pichai, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki, and Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google's enterprise business, have taken on a greater role as the public faces of the company.
Advertisement
Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr Yakubu Dogara, Monday canvassed a shift in the proposed 2018 census in the Interest of the country.
The Speaker explained that his position was premised on the need to avoid the politicisation of the outcome of the headcount which had been a source of dispute between the northern and southern part of the country in the past.
Dogara, who bared his mind on the issue in a statement, enjoined those pushing for the head count in 2018 to exercise patience till after 2019 elections when there will be no political pressure to manipulate its outcome.
He argued that conducting population census in an election year may generate unrealistic results, and therefore advised that the next administration should conduct the census at the beginning of its tenure when there isn't so much at stake at the time.
Said he: “I won't advise anyone to conduct national census in 2018. I said it before that if we are not going to achieve it in 2017, then we should just forget it until after 2019.
Advertisement
“If you conduct census at the niche of elections, there will be so much pressure, crisis and the lure for people to manipulate the figures for political reasons, such that the agency cannot even cope with. So it is better for a fresh administration to conduct this exercise from the beginning of that administration when we do not have any pressure of elections in sight. Then we may have something that resembles reality, but I can bet you if the census is conducted in 2018, the outcome will be doubtable.
“Seriously speaking, because I know who we are and I know the kind of litigations, backlashes, the pressure and we don't need that now to be candid. We have so many challenges, let's empower the agencies to keep building on the blocks that they will leverage on in the future in order to do the exercise but doing it in 2018, honestly it is nothing I would advocate.”
Members of the public can have their say on the future of Cleveland Fire Brigade as a consultation into the service opens.
The public as well as community groups and organisations will be asked for their views on the planned changes within the service over the next four years.
Cleveland Fire Brigade chief fire officer Ian Hayton.
A draft Community Integrated Risk Management Plan has been produced which sets out Cleveland Fire Authority's intentions, over the next four years, of how its prevention, protection and emergency response work will respond to all risks in the area it covers.
The plan can be seen online at www.clevelandfire.gov.uk/consultation and in hard copy from fire stations, council offices and libraries.
Chief fire officer Ian Hayton said: “In shaping the future services the Fire Authority wants to build on its enviable reputation and impressive record of ensuring the safety and wellbeing of our local communities.
“We also want to assure the public that we remain committed to having efficient and effective prevention services targeted at the most vulnerable in our communities and a highly effective response service to deal with emergencies when they do occur.
“We are rightly proud in Cleveland of the Fire Service we provide, that still makes Teesside one of the safest places to live in the UK in terms of the number of fires that we suffer in our homes, and we hope that people will give us their views on how we can continue to build on that success as we move towards 2022.”
Councillor Jan Brunton-Dobson, chairman of Cleveland Fire Authority said: “We are keen to give the public an opportunity to contribute to our decisions for improving community safety on Teesside.
“I would encourage everyone to take part in this consultation process and let us know their views.
“The responses we receive are vital and will help shape your fire service in future years.”
Those interested in contributing to the consultation can write to Cleveland Fire Brigade, CIRMP Consultation, Endeavour House, Queens Meadow Business Park, Hartlepool, TS25 5TH, email communications@clevelandfire.gov.uk or phone 01429 874013 and leaving a message.
After the consultation closes on February 2, the Fire Authority says it will “carefully consider” all feedback received, before making any decisions on changes to the service.
Final decisions will be published in a report available on the brigade website next May.
It's been a difficult few months for Alex Ovechkin. And we're not even talking about the fact NHL player — including The Great 8 — won't be going to the Olympics next year.
No, the difficult times date back to the 2016-17 regular season.
— His goal production was down. He still scored 33 times, but this is a player who has consistently reached the 50-goal mark throughout his career.
— The Capitals made the playoffs as the No. 1 regular season team and then suffered a crushing defeat to their rivals, the Pittsburgh Penguins, in the seventh game of the second round. Another disappointment set forward an interesting offseason in Washington as a number of changes were made to the roster.
— Ovechkin, himself, was even mentioned as part of trade speculation.
— General manager Brian MacLellan wanted Ovechkin, who just turned 32 years old last month, to change his offseason training.
— The Capitals were told by coach Barry Trotz toward the end of the preaseason to “quit with the self pity” after last season's playoff defeat.
Plenty has happened for the Capitals and Ovechkin in the last year or so.
If there was any worry or doubt about how Ovechkin would respond at the beginning of this season, well, he made a statement about that on Thursday in the Capitals' season opener versus the Ottawa Senators. He took over the game in the third period, scoring the hat trick — needing not even seven minutes of game time to do so — and helping his team to a come-from-behind 5-4 victory in the shootout. Oh, he also scored in the deciding breakaway competition.
He joins Connor McDavid, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad to open this season with three goals in a game.
That's also the 18th hat trick of Ovechkin's career. Until he wins a Stanley Cup (or an Olympic gold medal for that matter), there will always be doubters and naysayers. Of course, many factors in this team sport go into winning a championship and only time will tell if everything falls the Capitals' way this spring or the next.
Ovechkin obviously won't sustain this scoring pace. And he's another year older, now well into his 30s. But would anybody be surprised to see one of the most prolific scorers for more than a decade rebound in spectacular fashion?
President Muhammadu Buhari is currently meeting with governors of the governing All Progressives Congress (APC).
The meeting, which began at about 8pm, is holding inside the conference hall of the office of wife of the president at the presidential villa Abuja.
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, are also attending the meeting.
Governors in attendance include Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna, Yahaya Bello of Kogi, Simon Lalong of Plateau, Jibrilla Bindow of Adamawa, Abdulaziz Yari of Zamfara, Rochas Okorocha of Imo and Abdulahi Ganduje of Kano.
Others are Kashim Shetima of Borno, Abubakar Bello of Niger, Tanko Almakura of Nassarawa, Abiola Ajimobi of Oyo, Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun, Godwin Obaseki of Edo and Abubakar Bagudu of Kebbi.
0 Son of Dusty Rhodes carves out his own American dream in pro wrestling
Born the son of one of pro wrestling's most beloved figures, Cody Rhodes had been part of that colorful community of performers and fans for most of his 32 years. Also for about 32, he has run into spoilsports and naysayers who can't wait to opine that wrestling is fake.
>> Read more trending news
Fortunately, he's had decades to come up with a pithy comeback.
"I usually say, ‘Well, Christian Bale's not Batman,'” said Rhodes, whose late father was the legendary “The American Dream” Dusty Rhodes, and whose brother is Dustin Rhodes, also known as “Goldust.”
Cody Rhodes will visit West Palm Beach on Friday with Ring of Honor Wrestling. You can spot him wrestling simply under the name “Cody.”
Rhodes has been in the family business for about 12 years and spent time with World Wrestling Entertainment and Total Non-Stop Action Wrestling. He defends what he does, not only because people worldwide love it, but because he loves it, too.
“Every now and then, someone from so-called ‘higher' forms of entertainment will look down their nose at it," he said. But having grown up with Dusty Rhodes as his father, Cody's been ready to defend wrestling for a long time.
“I got started when I was 19, but for some reason, and I don't know what I was thinking, I went to L.A.. I started acting classes there for a year, and wasted a bunch of money. I really enjoyed the classes, but I kept thinking ‘When I make it as an actor ...' but then I thought ‘This is kind of dumb. Be a wrestler. Just do the thing you want to do.”
Currently a heel, or a villain, ROH's Cody bills himself as “The American Nightmare,” a riff on his father's famous salt-of-the-earth persona. Dusty Rhodes, born Virgil Riley Runnels Jr., didn't look like other athletes. He wasn't professionally trained. But what he was, his son said, was real.
“He communicated to people who he thought would need (his message). He needed it as much as they did. His whole image, being ‘the son of a plumber,' that whole story was real. They had no money,” Cody Rhodes said.
“I really think the idea that your friend, someone in your family in real life could get in the ring and do amazing, was what it was, because Dusty was like them. He was overweight. He had a different look. I honestly think it gets explained too much. He just had that thing that everybody wants. He had a way. He wasn't selling you a product. He wasn't even selling you himself. He was just bringing you along for the ride.”
Anyone who's ever seen wrestling up close and personal knows there's a difference between watching it in your living room and being there in person.
To Rhodes, who also wrestles for New Japan Pro-Wrestling, “the live experience is the lifeblood of wrestling. The live experience in ‘Ring of Honor' is a party. Essentially it's going to a party with a ton of people that you don't know, some of the greatest people you'll ever know. People make friends in the meet-and-greet line.”
Those fans in the line, Rhodes said, are loyal, diverse and involved. He says it's his job and that of companies like Ring of Honor to give them what they want.
“We try to have as much as fun as we can. There shouldn't be that many rules for going to a wrestling show,” he said. “Give them that experience and guarantee they're leaving having had a good time. It's hard to get people's money — it's hard to get my money — so it's gotta be good.”
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
I have the same feeling about Sunday. If only for this moment in time, the Eagles have a better team. They are healthier. They are tougher. They are more empowered. They have the same kind of bruising defense that the Giants once used in stopping the unstoppable.
An Oklahoma Department of Human Services caseworker is under fire after a Facebook post under her name revealed a disturbing perspective of one of her ongoing cases, but the caseworker claims she never wrote the post.
Both DHS and Cleveland County detectives are working to determine where the post originated, but many people say the words in the post are just another example of the DHS mindset. “Plain white trash,” “hicksville Lexington” and “druggie mom” are just some of the phrases used to describe an outstanding case of a mother losing her four children.
News On 6 first reported last August that the mother and her now-estranged husband had no charges filed against them after an AMBER Alert was issued for their 18-month-old daughter. The mother still has not regained custody of her children.
This week's Facebook post under her caseworker's name and profile picture says "if its (sic) up to me she will never finish the program" and that "the judge...does what the department says."
“The way it's written is pretty much the kind of people in the know who it involves,” says State Representative Bobby Cleveland (R-Slaughterville), who has been following this case from his district since last year, "so to me it can only be done by two people."
Cleveland does not believe the mother would have reason to jeopardize a court decision by impersonating her caseworker on Facebook, but the caseworker tells News On 6 someone must have. The caseworker said on the phone this week that she has no idea how this happened and that she takes the confidentiality of her cases very seriously.
A DHS spokesperson tells News On 6 the agency has never dealt with allegations of this nature, and in a statement says,
The worker whose name appears in the post promptly brought it to our leadership's attention. She vehemently denies making the post, and believes that her identity was stolen and someone created this post in her name and used her social media profile picture. She quickly filed a police report to this effect and this situation is now being investigated by local law enforcement as well as our DHS Office of Inspector General. The worker is fully cooperating with the investigation. She has turned over her personal phone and opened her social media account to the sheriff to aid in the investigation. Because of how easy it is to steal an identity and imitate someone on social media, we caution on a rush to judgment until the investigation has been completed. The message in this post most certainly does not reflect the values of our agency, nor do this worker's colleagues believe it reflects hers in any fashion.
“It's typical DHS,” Cleveland replies. “It's everybody else's fault. That's their typical situation over there.”
Cleveland County detectives say the caseworker has been cooperative, and so far they have not found evidence of the post on her personal account, but they have filed a preservation order with Facebook, which will reveal a more detailed history of account activity.
If the post is found to be fraudulent, the question remains, who was the author?
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif appeared before a panel investigating his family's wealth on Thursday, the first time a Pakistani prime minister has been grilled by an investigative agency.
ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif appeared before a panel investigating his family's wealth on Thursday, the first time a Pakistani prime minister has been grilled by an investigative agency.
The scrutiny of Sharif has gripped Pakistan, but the investigation - ordered by the Supreme Court - has become increasingly politicised.
Sharif arrived at the Joint Investigation Team (JIT) in Islamabad clad in traditional shalwar kameez tunic and baggy trousers, but did not speak to media.
It was not clear how long the hearing, which had been scheduled to begin at 11 a.m. (0600 GMT), would last.
The prime minister and his children deny any wrongdoing.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Supreme Court ruled in April there was insufficient evidence to remove Sharif from office over corruption allegations levelled by the opposition, but it ordered further investigations.
The Supreme Court agreed last year to investigate the Sharif family's offshore wealth after the opposition threatened protests after the leaking of the "Panama Papers".
Documents leaked from the Panama-based Mossack Fonseca law firm appeared to show that Sharif's daughter and two sons owned offshore holding companies registered in the British Virgin Islands and used them to buy properties in London.
Sharif, whose father was a prominent industrialist, has said his family wealth was acquired legally.
A three-time prime minister, Sharif was ousted twice in the 1990s, including in a 1999 military coup. He later lived in exile, mostly in Saudi Arabia.
He swept back to power in an election in 2013.
His spokesman did not respond to requests for comment.
Pakistan has been plagued by corruption for decades, with politicians often accusing rivals of graft.
The Supreme Court has given the panel two months to investigate the family and then deliver its findings.
The six-man panel, made up of members of civilian investigative agencies and military intelligence officers, are examining three generations of Sharif family wealth.
The team has accused government departments of tampering with old records, but Finance Minister Ishaq Dar on Wednesday rejected such allegations, adding that the team's claims meant the process was becoming "suspicious", media reported.
Sharif's camp has sought to remove two members of the investigation team and his ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) party voiced outrage over a leaked photograph taken from security camera footage showing Sharif's son, Hussain, appearing before the panel.
Opinion polls suggest Sharif's party is likely to win the next election, due next year.
A senior PML-N official told Reuters the party was unlikely to call an early election if Sharif was ousted by a Supreme Court ruling, and would select a new prime minister to take over until the general election.
(Writing by Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Ahead of next week's NATO summit in Brussels, President Trump sent a letter to the prime minister of Norway that made clear he will not relent on his criticism of NATO allies' lagging defense budgets.
Norway, the president wrote, "remains the only NATO ally sharing a border with Russia that lacks a credible plan to spend 2 percent of its gross domestic product on defense." Norway is far from alone as a target of criticism -- the president has reportedly sent similar letters to other countries.
CBS News
Of the 28 NATO nations, only three besides the U.S. spent the promised 2 percent of GDP on defense last year. Throughout his presidency, Mr. Trump has prodded NATO nations to spend more.
"Many of them have not been even close," he said.
Norway's defense minister said in a statement future spending will increase towards the 2 percent goal. European allies are hoping next week's summit goes better than last month's G7 meeting in Canada, which was marked by tense exchanges between Mr. Trump and other world leaders over trade.
Since then, the trade war has only ratcheted up. Harley-Davidson announced it would move some U.S. motorcycle production overseas to avoid European tariffs and Canada announced retaliatory tariffs on $12 billion worth of U.S. imports.
REUTERS: William Demant is prepared to start producing cheaper over-the-counter (OTC) hearing aids, if proposed legislation in the United States paves the way for devices sold over the counter, chief executive Soren Nielsen told Reuters.
Nielsen also said he expects "no significant change" to U.S. market if FDA's Reauthorization Act is passed allowing sale of cheaper over-the-counter hearing aids.
William Demant is the world's second-largest maker of hearing aids.
(Reporting by Julie Astrid Thomsen; Editing by Jacob Gronholt-Pedersen)
On New Year's Eve, America Ferrera announced that she and Ryan Piers Williams are expecting their first child. The actress and her director husband have kept fans updated on Ferrera's pregnancy over the past two-and-a-half months — Ferrera has shared a ton of photos to Instagram documenting her time expecting, including pictures with her The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants costars, her maternity looks at awards shows, and from the set of Superstore. All that being said, it's no surprise that America Ferrera shared photos of her baby shower this weekend. And by the looks of the photos, Ferrera and Williams are so ready to be parents.
Ferrera took to Instagram to share a carousel of 10 photos of her shower, which went down at the restaurant Beauty & Essex Los Angeles. "No poopie diaper games here. Just dancing, drinking (water for me 🤗), and some of the people we love to celebrate the little human we can't wait to meet," she wrote alongside the album of pictures. "@beautyessexla was a gorgeous place to celebrate (👈🏽not being paid to say that)," she added. "And get you an amazing friend like @elsamariecollins who always shows up for you and throws the best parties!"
In the first photo, the two parents-to-be are making goofy faces for the camera.
The album is also filled with a few other photos of the happy couple, who look positively thrilled, and so excited to be parents. Fun fact: Ferrera and Williams celebrated their 12-year-anniversary in June 2017, so the couple likely has a strong foundation as they enter the parenting chapter of their lives.
Next, Ferrera posted a super cute solo shot showing off her bump, followed by a photo with her friend and party planner Elsa Collins. She also shared a photo with her "Ugly Betty family," including Ana Ortiz (who played Ferrera's character Betty's sister Hilda) and Mark Indelicato (who played Betty's niece and Hilda's son Justin). Indelicato took to Instagram to share a photo from Ferrera's baby shower, alongside Parks and Rec actress Retta.
Ferrera once challenged Retta in the #Ham4All challenge that spread across the internet last summer. Retta posted a photo from the shower as well, with a super cute "love" balloon.
Ferrera also shared a photo with her "Superstore family," of which seven members made it to the shower. She also included a shot with her siblings, with "the grandparents," and of "the roasting." Unless the party featured a giant pig roast, the roasting likely means Ferrera and Williams asked friends to "roast" them — nothing like being insulted to keep your ego in check before becoming a parent, right?
Even though some moms-to-be opt to only invite women, girls, and female-identifying guests to their showers, Ferrera's shower was co-ed. Inviting men (including the baby daddy) to a baby shower has become much more commonplace in recent years. In fact, some even find the women-only baby shower to be regressive, as it reinforces gender stereotypes. In an essay published on Role Reboot entitled "My New Rules For Attending Bridal And Baby Showers," the author explains:
We live in a time when we want men to be equal parents and partners, but we leave them out of opportunities where they might gain understanding of everything they'll need to know as parents or partners. We princess-erize the bride, mom, or baby. We reinforce gender stereotypes down to ensuring the party reflects the gender of the baby, or the design theme of the baby's room. How did we get so privileged?
That being said, gender-segregated parties celebrating milestones like having a baby or getting married are rooted in tradition, and there's no reason to judge anyone for choosing to engage in the practice. It's awesome that Ferrera had her baby shower on her own terms, and here's hoping she treats fans to photos of her adorable baby once they arrive.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has appealed to Nigerians to ignore all deliberate attempts to tarnish its reputation with wild, unsubstantiated allegations on forthcoming governorship election in Ekiti.
INEC made the call in a statement by the Chief Press Secretary to its Chairman, Mr Rotimi Oyekanmi, on Tuesday in Abuja.
It reaffirmed its commitment to a free, fair and credible poll in the July 14 poll in Ekiti State and 2019 general elections.
“INEC's attention has been drawn to some allegations made by a serving governor, which give the impression that INEC is planning to rig the July 14 Ekiti Governorship Election.
“We wish to state unequivocally that the allegations are untrue and baseless.
“The Commission has since November, 2015 successfully conducted elections into 180 constituencies. These include five governorship elections carried out in Kogi, Bayelsa, Edo, Ondo and Anambra.
“So far, nobody has accused the commission of rigging any of these elections. All of the election results recorded so far testify to INEC's ability to ensure that only the voters determine who wins an election.''
The commission emphasised that it was impossible for its officials, any individual or group to pre-load the Smart Card Readers or provide ballot papers for stuffing as alleged.
It stated that the card readers, which performed the three functions of identifying, verifying and authenticating the voter and the Permanent Voter's Card, could only function on the election day.
It added that in addition to the result sheets that INEC issued to party agents at the Polling Unit and at every level of collation, the commission also deliberately introduced Form EC60E to show election results at the Polling Units.
He added that the form is being pasted at every Polling Unit after collation.
“To that extent, no INEC member of staff, no matter how highly placed, can rig an election in favour of or against any particular candidate or political party.
“This is as a result of the stringent processes and safeguards introduced by the commission.''
It noted that it was not true as alleged that three its officials had been meeting with one of the candidates contesting in the governorship election.
“The commission has also not made any plans to hire members of any political party as Presiding Officers (PO), Assistant Presiding Officers (APO) or for any electoral position.
“We are working round the clock to ensure a free and fair election in Ekiti.
“It is thus unfair to associate them with an imaginary plot to rig the election. `
“Rather than malign them at press conferences, the governor should make any evidence of wrongdoing available to the commission for appropriate action.''
Ekiti governor, Mr Ayo Fayose had raised the alarm on alleged plots to by an INEC National Commissioner and two other officials at the commission's headquarters to rig the election in favour of APC and its candidate, Dr Kayode Fayemi.
Fayose, in a statement issued on Monday, alleged that the two INEC officials were to pre-load card readers, supply faulty card readers to Ado-Ekiti and provide ballot papers for stuffing of ballot boxes.
He had said, “Two sets of the Forms are to be produced bearing the same Serial Numbers. One set will be handed to Fayemi to change results of 503 Polling Units.
“Also, real Youth Corps members, students of the Federal University, Oye-Ekiti and Federal Polytechnic, Ado-Ekiti that are to serve as Presiding Officers (POs) and Assistant Presiding Officers (APOs) are to be replaced with APC members.
“Fayemi and other APC leaders have been meeting with these three INEC officials in Akure and Abuja and they are reporting directly to Mrs Amina Zakari.''
UNITED NATIONS: North Korea violated United Nations sanctions to earn nearly US$200 million in 2017 from banned commodity exports, according to a confidential report by independent U.N. monitors, which also accused Pyongyang of supplying weapons to Syria and Myanmar.
The report to a U.N. Security Council sanctions committee, seen by Reuters on Friday, said North Korea had shipped coal to ports, including in Russia, China, South Korea, Malaysia and Vietnam, mainly using false paperwork that showed countries such as Russia and China as the coal origin, instead of North Korea.
The 15-member council has unanimously boosted sanctions on North Korea since 2006 in a bid to choke funding for Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, banning exports including coal, iron, lead, textiles and seafood, and capping imports of crude oil and refined petroleum products.
"The DPRK (North Korea) is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system," the U.N. monitors wrote in the 213-page report.
The North Korean mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report. Russia and China have repeatedly said they are implementing U.N. sanctions on North Korea.
SYRIA, MYANMAR
Advertisement
Advertisement
The monitors said they had investigated ongoing ballistic missile cooperation between Syria and Myanmar, including more than 40 previously unreported North Korea shipments between 2012 and 2017 to Syria's Scientific Studies and Research Centre, which oversees the country's chemical weapons program.
The investigation has shown "further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs," the U.N. monitors wrote.
They also inspected cargo from two North Korea shipments intercepted by unidentified countries en route to Syria. Both contained acid-resistant tiles that could cover an area equal to a large scale industrial project, the monitors reported.
One country, which was not identified, told the monitors the seized shipments can "be used to build bricks for the interior wall of a chemical factory."
Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013. However, diplomats and weapons inspectors suspect Syria may have secretly maintained or developed a new chemical weapons capability.
The Syrian mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report.
The U.N. monitors also said one country, which they did not identify, reported it had evidence that Myanmar received ballistic missile systems from North Korea, along with conventional weapons, including multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles.
The Myanmar mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the report.
BANNED EXPORTS, IMPORTS
Under a 2016 resolution, the U.N. Security Council capped coal exports and required countries to report any imports of North Korean coal to the council sanctions committee. It then banned all exports of coal by North Korea on Aug. 5.
The U.N. monitors investigated 16 coal shipments between January and Aug. 5 to ports in Russia, China, Malaysia and Vietnam. They said Malaysia reported one shipment to the council committee and the remaining 15 shipments violated sanctions.
After the coal ban was imposed on Aug. 5, the U.N. monitors investigated 23 coal shipments to ports in Russia, China, South Korea and Vietnam. The U.N. monitors said all those shipments "would constitute a violation of the resolution, if confirmed."
"The DPRK combined deceptive navigation patterns, signals manipulation, transshipments as well as fraudulent documentation to obscure the origin of the coal," the monitors said.
The U.N. monitors "also investigated cases of ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products in violation (of U.N. sanctions) ... and found that the network behind these vessels is primarily based in Taiwan province of China."
The monitors said one country, which they did not name, told them North Korea had carried out such transfers off its ports of Wonsan and Nampo and in international waters between the Yellow Sea and East China Sea between October and January.
The report said several multinational oil companies, which were not named, were also being investigated for roles in the supply chain of petroleum products transferred to North Korea.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by James Dalgleish)
TAIPEI (Reuters) - Chinese military aircraft carried out two rounds of drills around Taiwan at the weekend, flying past its southern tip and then around its north near Japan, the self-ruled island's defence ministry said.
China has been increasingly asserting itself in territorial disputes in the South and East China Seas. It is also worried about Taiwan, which it claims as its own, but which is run by a government China fears is intent on independence.
On Sunday, two Chinese military transport aircraft flew through the Bashi Channel between Taiwan and the Philippines before going up near the Japanese island of Miyako, to Taiwan's north, where they were joined by two Chinese fighter jets, and then returned home, the ministry said.
The day before, Chinese bombers and transport aircraft flew the same route, while Chinese fighters and airborne early warning aircraft flew only through the Bashi Channel, the ministry added.
Taiwan's forces monitored the drills and responded appropriately, the ministry said, adding there was no cause for alarm.
China has yet to comment on the drills, but its air force has carried out several rounds of long-distance training exercises around Taiwan and the southern Japanese islands in recent months.
Beijing has never ruled out the use of force to bring Taiwan under its control, and has warned that any moves towards formal independence could prompt an armed response.China is in the midst of an ambitious military modernisation programme that includes building aircraft carriers and developing stealth fighters, to give it the ability to project power far from its shores.
Fifty years ago this week, the three-day concert south of San Francisco became the centerpiece of the “Summer of Love” and paved the way for today's popular festivals
Over 20,000 people camp on the football field at Monterey Peninsula College during the Monterey Pop Festival on June 17, 1967. (Photo: AP)
Los Angeles — Before Burning Man and Bonnaroo, Coachella and Lollapalooza, Glastonbury and Governors Island, there was Monterey Pop.
Fifty years ago this week, the three-day concert south of San Francisco became the centerpiece of the “Summer of Love” and paved the way for today's popular festivals. The Monterey International Pop Festival created the template for giving emerging artists exposure alongside blockbuster bands while showcasing different genres of music in outdoor settings.
John Phillips of The Mamas & the Papas came up with the idea for three days of music with proceeds going to charitable causes. He brought in Grammy-winning record producer Lou Adler, promoter Alan Pariser and publicist Derek Taylor, who worked with the Beatles. The festival was planned in just seven weeks with the goal of validating rock music as an art form in the same way that jazz and folk were regarded in 1967.
“The focus was the music and how to present it in the best possible way,” Adler said recently at the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles. “The byproduct of that was the feeling that took place in Monterey — love and flowers.”
Organizers sought out the best musicians, sound and lighting systems and food “in order to lift the level of what rock ‘n' roll should be,” Adler said.
They signed on Jefferson Airplane, The Who, the Grateful Dead, the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Simon & Garfunkel, Big Brother and the Holding Company featuring Janis Joplin, Otis Redding, Ravi Shankar, and The Mamas & the Papas.
“We sort of had our pick,” Adler recalled, noting no one booked acts that far out at the time.
It was Shankar's introduction to an American audience, and the Indian sitar player was the only one who got paid, Adler said. He received $3,000, while the others had their flights and hotels comped.
“Everybody just wanted to play and that's why they signed on,” Adler said.
Below the single stage that hosted 32 acts was a 24-hour cafe serving the artists steak and lobster. The organizers also set up a first-aid clinic for concertgoers and help for drug-related problems.
“If the artist is happy and the audience is comfortable, then that's a start,” Adler said. “If the audience can give back to the performer, then that's a chemistry that is hard to beat.”
Adler's favorite performance was by soul singer Redding, who died six months later in a plane crash.
Redding was backed by Booker T. and the MGs. Bandleader Booker T. Jones was 22 and “an innocent guy” at the time, he recalled.
“There we were in our green mohair suits and ties and our white shirts and there was everybody else with long hair and smoking,” Jones said by phone from his Nevada home. “I had never smoked stuff before. There's all this stuff in the air. I got the contact high.”
Jones and his band were escorted to the show by the Hells Angels motorcycle gang.
“I remember the music impressing me,” he said. “We'd only been doing R&B. I learned to love rock ‘n' roll during that time.”
Backstage, the era's peace and love vibe didn't extend to Hendrix and Pete Townshend of The Who. Both were known for destroying guitars and amplifiers.
Adler recalled that neither wanted the other to perform first, so Phillips flipped a coin. The Who won.
“Hendrix jumped upon a table and said, ‘OK, you little (expletive),” Adler recalled. “No matter what you do, I'll do something that burns you.'”
Aware The Who planned an explosive finale, Hendrix capped his set with a version of “Wild Thing,” kneeled over his guitar and set it on fire before smashing it repeatedly and tossing the remains into the crowd.
Not all the biggest names of the day played Monterey. The list of cancellations and no shows was equally impressive, including the Rolling Stones (Mick Jagger and Keith Richards couldn't get work visas because of drug arrests), the Beatles, the Beach Boys, the Kinks, and Bob Dylan.
Two years later, Adler got a call asking if he wanted to help put together Woodstock on a farm in upstate New York. He declined.
Held at the Monterey County Fairgrounds, attendance numbers vary from 25,000 to 90,000 people, easily tripling the county's population. It was a one-time only event because by the next year things had changed. Adler cites money issues and “angry people who didn't like that hippies were in their town.”
The festival is featured at the Grammy Museum in a new exhibit called “Music, Love and Flowers 1967” that runs through Oct. 22.
Monterey Pop spawned an eponymous nonprofit foundation that donates to musical and humanitarian efforts in the names of the festival's original performers. Its money comes from video and audio profits generated by the festival.
The festival's golden anniversary will be celebrated June 16-18 at the Monterey Fairgrounds. The lineup includes three acts that played the original: Eric Burdon and the Animals, Booker T. Stax Revue and Phil Lesh. Others artists include Leon Bridges, Gary Clark Jr., The Head and the Heart, Jack Johnson and Norah Jones (Shankar's daughter).
Three-day tickets cost from $295 to $695 for a VIP package.
The original prices ranged from $3 to $6.50.
Fifty years later, Adler is in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, having worked with some of music's biggest names. Today, the white-haired, beret-wearing 83-year-old is best known as Jack Nicholson's seatmate at Los Angeles Lakers games.
He regularly attends Coachella in the Southern California desert, still imbued with the easygoing spirit of Monterey.
“I couldn't have asked for more,” Adler said. “We're still talking about it.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tmyEHl
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has reached Judicial Academy in Islamabad to appear before Joint Investigation Team.
The premier reached the academy with two protocol cars.
Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif is accompanying him inside the academy. Furthermore Hamza Shahbaz, Hassan Nawaz, Hussain Nawaz, Captain Safdar and Asif Kirmani are also with him.
Before, leaving for the Judicial Academy, Prime Minister called a meeting in which Ishaq Dar, Shahbaz Sharif and Maryam Nawaz were present.
Prime Minister leaves PM House for Judicial Academy. His comrades see him off. pic.twitter.com/eBapb0xjI2 — Maryam Nawaz Sharif (@MaryamNSharif) June 15, 2017
The workers and leadership of PML-N was stopped by the police and did not allow them to come near to Judicial Academy.
He is the first sitting prime minister to appear before any investigating agency of the country.
In the past, prime ministers Yousuf Raza Gilani and Raja Pervaiz Ashraf had been summoned for presenting their stances, but both of them were called by a judicial forum (Supreme Court) and not by any investigation body.
Even Raja, who was a respondent in a corruption case involving rental power projects, never personally appeared before NAB investigators while in office.
Law enforcement agencies have taken stringent security measures for PM Sharif's appearance before the JIT. As many as 2,500 security personnel of Rangers, police, Frontier Constabulary (FC), traffic police and special branch will be deployed for providing him security cover.
The JIT had issued summons to Premier Nawaz on June 8, asking him to appear at the Federal Judicial Academy on June 15 and bring along relevant record of Panama Papers case.
The probe team, headed by FIA Additional DG Wajid Zia, will quiz the prime minister over corruption and money laundering allegations against his family.
Meanwhile Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaft (PTI) has called this as historic moment as a sitting Prime Minister is being held accountable in corruption case.
History in the making. A sitting PM finally being held accountable. This wouldn't have been possible without public's quest for Insaf. pic.twitter.com/hQs9CDTxgx — PTI (@PTIofficial) June 15, 2017
PTI leader Asad Umar raised question about delay in justice by institutions under Prime Minister.
Will JIT be asking the PM why all relevant institutions under his control are obstructing and delaying the investigation? — Asad Umar (@Asad_Umar) June 15, 2017
The actress has been left concerned by her son's health scare
Stephanie Davis has desperately reached out to fans for help following baby son Caben suffering a worrying health scare.
The actress was left concerned after finding her one-year-old boy covered in blood in the night and, with him having experienced quite a few nose bleeds recently, asked her followers if they know what could be causing it.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
MORE: Stephanie Davis gets COVERED in food as baby Caben gets cheeky in hilarious video
‘Do any mummy's with one year olds have nose bleeds??' Steph, 24, wrote in a message on Instagram Stories on Thursday night.
‘Cabens been having a few and worried, going to take him the doctors tomorrow.
‘Any one who's dealt with this let me know.'
Steph went on to detail how it's caused alarm for her, especially when it happened late at night.
‘No he's not had a cold, he's had one in bed in the middle of the night which was horrible to turn the light on to, one in the car today and one just now in the swimming baths,' the former Hollyoaks star revealed. ‘All different places'
Fortunately Steph's followers were quick to lend their support and she was touched by how many got in touch following the scare.
‘Received hundreds of messages tonight,' the mum-of-one added. ‘Thankyou all so much for your love and support'
It comes after Steph posted a positive message about how she's determined to be a good role model for Caben, who she's raising by herself after a messy split from his dad Jeremy McConnell last year.
‘I've got my little man who depends on me and everything I do, is for him. I'm all about being REAL, not faking it and pretending my life is perfect because… it's Not and that's okay!' Steph posted.
‘One thing I am is REAL, so stay tuned… … Real things coming very soon… keep your eyes peeled 💪🏼👀. #strength #positivity #happiness #honesty #realness 🦁🦁'
Sounds intriguing!
1:19 Bradenton's Village of the Arts hoping for the best in 2017 Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
0:22 Anti-Donald Trump protesters cross bridge onto Fort Lauderdale Beach
By Henning Gloystein
| SINGAPORE
SINGAPORE Oil prices wallowed near their lowest levels in seven months early on Thursday, hurt by high global inventories and doubts over OPEC's ability to implement production cuts.Brent crude futures were down 7 cents or 0.2 percent at $46.93 per barrel at 0053 GMT, after slumping nearly 4 percent in the previous session.U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were down 12 cents or 0.3 percent at $44.61 per barrel.Crude futures benchmarks are sitting near their lowest levels since late November last year when production cuts led by the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) were first announced.
Brent and WTI are down over 12 percent since their opens on May 25, when the agreement to cut was extended to the end of the first quarter next year, instead of expiring this month as initially planned."OPEC 2017 year-to-date exports are only down by 0.3 million barrels per day (bpd) from the October 2016 baseline," analysts at AB Bernstein said in a note to clients.
OPEC's pledge was to cut some 1.2 million bpd, while other producers including Russia would bring the total reduction to almost 1.8 million bpd.However, some OPEC members including Nigeria and Libya have been exempt from cutting, and their rising output undermines efforts led by Saudi Arabia.
Meanwhile, production in the United States - which is not participating in the deal - has jumped by more than 10 percent over the past year to 9.33 million bpd."Production growth in Libya and Nigeria and continued rig additions in U.S. are complicating the picture, raising doubts on OPEC's strategy. For OECD inventories to return to the normalized levels, OPEC needs to drain by 34 million barrels a month or 1 million barrels for the next 10 months. This looks challenging," AB Bernstein said.The International Energy Agency (IEA) said this week that oil supplies next year would still outpace demand despite consumption hitting 100 million bpd for the first time. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Share:
LOS ANGELES:- Justin Bieber was left red faced this week when he Mercedes-Benz SLS broke down on an intersection in New York. The ‘Sorry' hitmaker was left in a spot of bother earlier this week when his Mercedes-Benz SLS - which costs an estimated $200,000 and can reach speeds of 60mph in less than four seconds - came to a standstill without warning in the Hamptons, New York. The 24-year-old singer was forced to call the police to help direct the traffic around the intersection where the plush vehicle broke down and luckily he didn't have to wait long because a mechanic turned up and managed to get the car back on the road.
- Advertisement -
Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Sokoto Command, comprising Zamfara, Sokoto and Kebbi States, has warned rice smugglers to steer clear of the zone or face the wrath of the law.
The controller gave the warning following the seizure of 300 bags of foreign rice concealed in 350 locally made rice bags along Sokoto/Gusau road.
Speaking with journalists in Sokoto on Monday, the Customs Area Controller of the Command, Mr. Nasir Ahmad, who expressed dismay that the menace of smuggling was being perpetrated by people in Sokoto and Kebbi States, described their action as economic sabotage which is detrimental to the efforts of the federal government to boost rice farming in the country.
- Advertisement -
“It is just unfortunate that this smuggling of contraband is done by people from this area. Why are they killing rice milling in this zone? The federal government is trying to encourage local production of rice so that we can have self sufficiency and conserve foreign exchange. We have WACOT and Labana rice mills in Kebbi State.
“So, there is no hiding place for rice smugglers in this zone. They should go back to farm and engage in commercial farming. Whatever tricks they use, we will combat them because we have zero tolerance for smuggling in this zone,” he stated.
SINGAPORE: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong's son Li Hongyi said on Thursday (Jun 15) he is not interested in politics, a day after his aunt and uncle said the Prime Minister harboured political ambitions for him.
“For what it is worth, I really have no interest in politics,” he wrote in a Facebook post.
On Wednesday, his aunt and uncle, Dr Lee Wei Ling and Mr Lee Hsien Yang, issued a public statement saying they have “lost confidence” in their brother, PM Lee. They also said, based on their interactions, that PM Lee and his wife Ho Ching “harbour political ambitions for their son, Li Hongyi”.
In response, PM Lee said he was “very disappointed” that his siblings chose to issue a statement publicising private family matters and denied their allegations, particularly the claim about his son.
"I am deeply saddened by the unfortunate allegations that they have made,” he said. “Ho Ching and I deny these allegations, especially the absurd claim that I have political ambitions for my son."
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to his LinkedIn profile, the 30-year-old Mr Li has worked at the Info-communications Media Development Authority of Singapore (IMDA) since December 2013. Prior to that, he worked at Google as a product manager after graduating from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the United States.
LEWISPORTE, N.L. - Like so many other Canadians, Stephanie McClellan felt called to act when she saw the image of three-year-old Syrian refugee Alan Kurdi's body wash ashore in Turkey in 2015. Through Facebook posts and word of mouth, McClellan connected with other like-minded people in the little town of Lewisporte, N.L., to form the Lewisporte Refugee Outreach Committee. The town of 3,400 fundraised and got organized to sponsor one family from Iraq and one from Syria through the blended visa office-referred program.
Fatima Al-Ahmed, her children Rayane and Moussa, mother-in-law Talika Morjan, and husband Mohamad Moufleh are shown in this recent handout image. The small Newfoundland town of Lewisporte has said goodbye to the second of two refugee families sponsored by the community. ( Stephanie McClellan / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Last month, the committee officially disbanded as the town said goodbye to the second of the two families who had become part of the community over the last few years. Both families have moved to Windsor, Ont., in search of better job security, proximity to family and friends, and a larger community of Arabic speakers. McClellan says she's happy for her friends' next chapter, but will miss having them downstairs in her home's basement apartment. “It will be different,” said McClellan. “I'll miss just being able to go have a coffee and visit, and have the kids come up and play games for an evening, or go out to the park, things like that. Just regular stuff that an aunt might do. “It's bittersweet because we will definitely miss them, but we completely understand that they need to go to a place where they can feel more involved in their life.”
Article Continued Below
Community efforts in central Newfoundland's small towns have brought several refugees families to the area since 2015, with the town of Gander bringing in five families so far. But the province has the lowest refugee retention rate in the country at 36 per cent. Kerri Neil, a graduate student at Memorial University in St. John's, N.L., co-authored a recent report that assessed refugee retention in the province. Neil says that while social isolation and a virtually non-existent Arabic-speaking community have a significant impact on newcomers' decision to stay in the towns that sponsored them, refugees moving out of small communities are likely motivated by many of the same economic factors as other Newfoundlanders. “In rural areas, we're seeing general outmigration,” said Neil. “The reason that refugees are leaving is basically the same reason that Newfoundlanders are leaving — they're just looking for some better employment opportunities elsewhere.” That applies to the latest family to leave Lewisporte for Ontario. Mohamad Moufleh arrived in Lewisporte last March. He was able to land a seasonal painter's job, but it was unreliable in the snowy winter months.
For Talika Morjan, Moufleh's mother, the language barrier in Lewisporte was a big shock. An issue with the family's paperwork meant that the Morjan arrived in Canada almost a year before her son, daughter-in-law and grandchildren, making her the only Arabic speaker in the town. Despite the language barrier, Morjan came out to community events and became “Arabic Nan” to her new neighbours.
Article Continued Below
“We did our best with gestures, talking slow, and trying to help teach the basics, using Google Translate as best we could,” said McClellan. “There wasn't always great amounts of communication, but we had a lot of fun.” Still, McClellan says Morjan was lonely without her family. She recalls when Morjan adopted a kitten as she waited for her family to arrive. She called him ‘Cat,' the English name she knew. “She needed something to cuddle and talk to,” McClellan recalls. “She convinced us that Cat spoke Arabic, because he understood everything she said.” Morjan's months in the community helped the town get closer to the family waiting in a Lebanese refugee camp, meeting them through Skype and phone calls. Once the kids arrived, they jumped right into school. Rayane and Moussa had been in refugee camps since they were young, attending school for the first time in Lewisporte. Carolyn Parsons, another committee member who stepped in as an occasional English tutor for the children, says there were some challenges making sure the kids had proper language support in the schools. But she's been impressed by their enthusiasm to catch up to other students. “They were a lot older to be starting school, but they did. They're very bright, and they've come so far,” said Parsons. “I think Windsor will be closer to the Canada that they've imagined. Because you know, we're kinda unique and different here, and rural...Here in Newfoundland, for them even trying to get the food that they're used to — and I will miss the cooking — that, you know, will be a lot easier in a place like Windsor.” Talal Ibrahim, a Syrian refugee living in the nearby in the town of Gander, arrived with his family in 2015. He says he's been happy with the friendliness of Canadians and the safe community for his children, but finds the long winter and smaller town a difficult adjustment after a life in cities. Ibrahim isn't sure if he'll stay in Gander, but a move across a large country will be another big adjustment for his family, who have already moved so much. “Canada is not only a country — it's almost a continent. It's very huge. So moving from Gander to Toronto, for example, it will be a big challenge, almost as if you are moving to a new country,” said Ibrahim. So far, all five of the families sponsored by the town of Gander have stayed. The provincial government is working towards providing more support to newcomers in small communities, with the Association for New Canadians opening four new satellite resettlement offices in rural areas over the past year. Ken Walsh of the ANC's new Corner Brook office, which offers language training and job search help, says refugee families in rural communities are responding positively to the services. “We have one of the slowest growing populations, we have a declining birth rate, we have a rapidly aging population, so in order to kind of meet the demand that our province has, we will have to look to outside sources of people to come here,” said Walsh. “We do expect to see numbers rise in terms of newcomers in the region and we're going be here to support them when they do come.”
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
× Expand Picture courtesy of Landmarks Illinois Hamilton Primary School in Otterville was named to Landmarks Illinois' Ten Most Endangered Historic Places for 2014.
ELSAH | Beth McGlasson will tell the remarkable story of “Dr. Silas Hamilton, His Freed Slave, George Washington, and the First Free School in Illinois,” at 7:30 pm Thursday, May 3, at Farley's Music Hall.
Hamilton and his slave, George Washington, whom he freed, founded Hamilton Primary School in 1835 in Otterville. It was Illinois' first free school and the country's first integrated school. The two men created a trust to fund a school “that it shall be open to all classes of people and denominations of Christians.”
McGlasson will talk about how this extraordinary event occurred in rural Jersey County, 30 years before the end of the Civil War and slavery and 120 years before Brown v. Board of Education, the decision by the Supreme Court that ended segregation in public schools.
Beth is a local historian and vice president of the Jersey County Historical Society. She and her husband, Dennis, have spent nearly a decade researching and documenting local cemeteries. She also co-wrote “Lunch Pails & Pigtails: Jersey County's One-Room Schools and the Students Who Attended Them.”
The presentation will be the second of this year's Hosmer-Williams Lectures, sponsored by Historic Elsah Foundation and underwritten by Liberty Bank.
The program is free and open to the public. Reservations are not required. Parking is available. Refreshments will be served following the lecture.
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
SINGAPORE: Police on Tuesday (Apr 18) said they are "managing a security incident" at Woodleigh MRT station after a suspicious substance was found.
The Singapore Police Force (SPF) issued alerts on social media stating that the MRT station is temporarily closed, and they are at the scene with the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF).
SCDF officers in protective clothing were seen at the station entrance.
Assistant station manager Mailyn B Carriaga told Channel NewsAsia that white powder (pictured below) had been found in three to four places at the station's concourse area. She added that it was a cleaner who first spotted the substance. The station manager then informed the police, according to Ms Carriaga.
Member of Parliament for Potong Pasir Sitoh Yih Pin was at the station telling people not to be alarmed.
SBS Transit, which runs the North East Line, said in a tweet at 1.49pm that the station is closed and free bus rides are available at bus stops between Serangoon and Potong Pasir MRT stations.
This story is developing.
Minnesota's annual game of political chicken always plays out with a few obstacles in the middle: children and their teachers, elderly and their caregivers, the poor.
Gov. Mark Dayton warned Republicans which things would lead to his vetoing bills. They ignored him. He vetoed the bills.
At least Dayton's true to his word. And leaving: The 71-year-old governor is retiring from office after this year, as are 14 members of the Minnesota House of Representatives.
A few will be missed. Others should follow their lead, or be kindly ushered out by voters. Here's a list of lawmakers whose best “service” to their districts would come from rejoining it as civilians—or, in some cases, moving away.
Rep. Nolan West, R-Blaine: Remember the bespectacled young suburbanite with Facebook posts about hating “fagballs,” and calling Barack Obama's 2008 election “LYNCHING TIME”? That's Nolan West. He's in the House now, writing bills that would, for example, make it easier for cops in wrongful death lawsuits to win attorneys' fees from family members of the deceased. (Because they haven't lost enough.) West's defenders would say he is “maturing.” He should do that somewhere else. Like his parents' house.
Rep. Diane Loeffler, DFL-Minneapolis: Maturity's not the issue here. It may be the problem. There has long been a class of city DFLers who don't get much done. Because their seats are safe, they don't have to. Or they didn't until 2016, when DFL Reps. Ilhan Omar and Fue Lee (both Minneapolis) unseated aging lawmakers. Loeffler, who just survived an endorsement fight, might be next. She avoids meetings, insiders say, gives meandering speeches, asks questions with obvious answers, and “can't pass anything.” Aside from that, she's fine. Northeast Minneapolis needs better.
Rep. Steve Drazkowski, R-Mazzepa: Known to ruin entire floor sessions with lengthy invectives and petty debates, the only thing worse than the character of Drazkowski's speeches is their content. He hates taxes, regulations, buses, trains, cities, and liberals who live in them. This year he tried cutting funds from cities that fight deportation of undocumented immigrants. His town, Mazeppa, could use a few: It's about 96 percent white, getting older, and shrinking. If Draz hates the Twin Cities so much, he could do us all a favor and steer clear of it.
Rep. Cindy Pugh, R-Chanhassen: This Tea Partier arrived at the Capitol in 2009 with a sign that read: “Wake up America... before it's too late!” It's not clear what she meant. Her chirps do communicate one thing: Cindy is afraid. Of Shariah law, of Hell, of gun control, of “‘same-sex' activists,” of vaccines, of ranked-choice voting—and now of the electrical grid getting wiped out by an “electromagnetic pulse,” a world-ending favorite of Alex Jones. Pugh's constituents are the ones who should be scared.
Sens. Bobby Joe Champion (Minneapolis) and John Hoffman (Champlin): Different DFL senators, very different districts, same problem: corruption. When liberals try spending on jobs, education, or health, Republicans cry “Fraud!” and “Cronyism!” Guys like these give them cause. Champion, an attorney, once tried strong-arming $375,000 through Minneapolis Public Schools to a nonprofit run by one of his clients. Hoffman once earmarked $800,000 for a tiny segment of nonprofits—including the one that employs him. Hey, liberals: Fight for the truly needy, not DFLers like these two.
Sen. Bill Ingebrigtsen, R-Alexandria: Everyone knows lobbyists write bills and stick them in lawmakers' pockets. The least the legislator could do is lie about this arrangement. Last year, Ingebrigtsen, chair of the Senate environment committee, authored a bill to eliminate the Environmental Quality Board, and let businesses draft their own environmental impact statements. In introducing the proposal, Ingebrigtsen said he would “defer to my testifier”—a lobbyist for the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce—explaining, “Members, you'll get a better understanding of the bill from him.” If that's true, and even Ingebrigtsen knows it, he should retreat to Alexandria and hang his mustache in shame.
Sen. Dan Hall (R-Burnsville): Hall's auditioning for right-wing sainthood. A few years ago, he was “persecuted” for saying gay marriage would divide Americans “more than any single issue” since slavery. This year, Hall martyred himself on the altar of an amendment to put “In God We Trust” in public schools. Outside the Capitol, Hall is a “consultant” for his son's law firm, which specializes in “business lawsuits,” “confidentiality agreements,” and “business owner estate planning.” If Hall likes the Bible so much, wait till he reads the part about the camel and the eye of a needle!
More from Mike Mullen:
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
FILE - In this Nov. 9, 2016, file photo, Conor McGregor gestures toward fans while working out at Madison Square Garden in New York. Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday, June 14, 2017, he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26. Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
LAS VEGAS >> Floyd Mayweather Jr. said Wednesday he will come out of retirement to face UFC star Conor McGregor in a boxing match on Aug. 26.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight at the MGM Grand arena. The fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
Its official, Mayweather said on his Instagram account next to a video poster of both fighters.
THE FIGHT IS ON, McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweathers father, Floyd Sr.
Advertisement
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 41 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together over the last few days, and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though Las Vegas oddsmakers have made Mayweather a heavy 10-1 favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregors chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
The fight will be televised on pay-per-view on Showtime and would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
Advertisement
The Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, has called on Northern leaders to promote girl-child education in the region.
Sanusi made the call during the inauguration of Aminu Dabo College of Health Sciences laboratory complex in Kano on Monday.‎
‎‎He urged the leaders to give priority to female education as they did with their male counterparts.
‎‎”The people need to prioritise their commitment toward the education of female just like their male counterpart.‎
“We appeal to everybody, especially well- meaning individuals irrespective of party differences, to provide the environment to aid girl-child education,” he said.‎
Advertisement
The monarch also admonished the people of Kano to support each other and work as a team for the overall development of the state.
He commended the proprietor of the school for his foresight and contribution to the development of education in the state.‎
Earlier, the proprietor of the school, Alhaji Aminu Dabo, had said that the school was established two years ago to promote educational development in the state.
He said that 80 per cent of the institution's students' population was women.
Dabo added that the school would collaborate with Kwara University and another university in Malaysia for degree courses.
He commended the Kano Emir for his stance on girl-child education and also thanked him for honoring the invitation to the event.
Scavengers face up to $60,000 fine for damaging historic wreck
Photo Credit: Bev Ross An original sketch of the Daring by Edwin Brookes 1863.
Scavengers have already taken to a 153-year-old shipwreck with a chainsaw, despite warnings to stay away.
A New Zealand Defence Force spokesperson said the theft occurred right after archeologists visited the site at Muriwai beach, north-west Auckland, on May 27.
"Overnight Tuesday the stern handrail and a large portion of the front rigging of the wreck were removed by chainsaw," the spokesperson said.
The wreck was the Daring – a schooner driven ashore in a severe gale in 1865.
﻿
READ MORE:
* Century-old schooner uncovered by shifting sand at Muriwai beach
* The shipwrecked boat that was no match for Wellington's wind
* Oreti Beach discovery may be 150-year-old shipwreck
SUPPLIED A large part of the handrail and front rigging of the wreck was removed with a chainsaw by scavengers.
A Muriwai resident who visited the site on May 30 said the rear end of the ship was removed because it had kauri art work.
"It's reckless," the resident said.
"Something that had been preserved for so long could have been saved for maritime history."
SUPPLIED A shipwreck discovered along the coast of the Kaipara range is investigated by archaeologist Greg Walter (left) and Auckland Council Cultural Heritage specialist Rob Brassey.
Even when a team of archaeologists first visited the site, the wreck had already been preyed upon by scavengers.
Auckland Council Heritage Unit principal specialist Robert Brassey said it was "astounding" that someone would damage a historic site.
"Someone has been selfish enough to have damaged the ship within days of it being exposed by scavenging timber off it," Brassey said.
SUPPLIED The ship appeared to be a 153-year-old schooner.
"Several deck planks and a section of railing have been removed from the wreck."
NZDF has warned people to stay away from the site at all times, or face trespassing.
The wreck was on an archeological site protected under the provisions of the Heritage New Zealand Pouhere Taonga Act.
SUPPLIED Archaeologists from the New Zealand Heritage team were investigating the origin of the ship.
​Under the Act, any person damaging or destroying any part of the wreck or wreck site was liable to a fine of up to $60,000.
NZDF have stepped up their security on the site and a protection unit was providing a cordon from May 31.
"The wreck is in the New Zealand Defence Force Kaipara Air Weapons Range, where the public are banned 24/7," NZDF said.
Heritage New Zealand manager Beverly Parslow said the wreck was part of New Zealand's history and should not be tampered with.
"Its full story can then be told for all New Zealanders to appreciate and learn from," Parslow said.
"That story is not as complete with parts of the wreck missing due to fossickers taking items that do not belong to them."
The wreck was discovered by a Muriwai local on May 27, uncovered by shifting sands.
Brassey said the Daring was well-preserved, and it appeared to have been buried in the sand since it was driven ashore 153 years ago.
"This stretch of coastline is highly dynamic and the sand is constantly moving," Robert said.
"There have been elevated high tides recently which explains why such a substantial wreck that has been buried for many years has become exposed like this.
"It may well get covered up again."
The 17 metre-long schooner was a two-masted ship carrying a cargo of grass seed when it was driven onto the beach near South Head on the Kaipara Harbour.
It had been built just two years earlier in Mangawhai and owned by David Kirkwood of Onehunga.
- Stuff
Adding LED floodlights to your doorway , parking lot, garage and company will create a well lit area and most criminals do not commit crimes where there is sufficient light.it is believed that robbers and arsonist will only enter a property that they can lurk around in the dark in. If someone does decide to commit a crime in these lit areas, neighbors and onlookers will be able to identify the person more easily because of the lighting.
Traffic authorities have urged motorists to be patient as a planned taxi protest makes its way through national roads in Gauteng on Thursday morning.
Johannesburg Metro Police Department (JMPD) spokesperson Wayne Minnaar told News24 that taxis were blocking roads and travelling on the N1, N3 and N12.According to Minnaar, taxi drivers hijacked trucks to block the Allendale offramp.
“This started at around 3am. I cannot confirm any injuries. I can confirm taxi drivers hijacked trucks to block the freeway at Allendale off ramp.”
Minnaar said the taxi drivers were making their way to the SA Taxi finance offices.
“They are making their way to Midrand. This protest is expected to be completed at 15:00. This is a legal gathering.”
[Source: news24]
Comments
comments
Union Minister V K Singh on Friday said the Congress had always worked to divide the nation on religious and caste lines.The former Army chief took part in a function attended by retired officers of the Army, the Navy and the Air Force at the Welham Boys School in the city.First, it (Congress) divided the country on the basis of religion by creating Pakistan and in the post-British era it fomented the politics of caste for vote bank, he told reporters on the sidelines of the function."The Congress has always worked to divide the nation. Its a fact," the minister of state for external affairs said.Singh admitted that people were migrating from the hills of Uttarakhand in search of jobs but hoped that with a new BJP government in office, the situation will improve."Locals are migrating from the hills as there are not enough jobs. But with a new government in the office, I am confident enough that job opportunities will be generated to stop them from migrating in search of a livelihood," he said.To a question on alleged Chinese incursions in Barahoti in Uttarakhand's Chamoli district, the former Army chief said China comes only to its own side of the disputed area and not beyond that."It (Barahoti) has been a disputed area between the two countries for the last 50 years. It has been agreed to keep it demilitarised and that is what is being done," Singh said.
Much remains unknown about the Neanderthals who interbred with human ancestors. Who were they? And, for the billions of people whose chromosomes contain 1 to 2 percent Neanderthal DNA, what did they contribute to who we are now?
[This 40,000-year-old jawbone reveals Neanderthal history.]
High-quality sequencing of a bone sample from Croatia has overturned billions of new fragments of DNA that researchers can look for in modern humans. The researchers, writing for Science this week, estimate that descendants of Neanderthal-human interbreeding thousands of years ago may carry 10 to 20 percent more Neanderthal DNA fragments than previously thought. Furthermore, researchers writing for the American Journal of Human Genetics this week, in an analysis of the genes of more than 150,000 living humans, have found that Neanderthal DNA can contribute to even more traits than previously thought, including hair and skin tone, sleep habits, and smoking status.
Svante Paabo, geneticist at the Max Planck Institute in Germany, explains how new DNA sequencing tools are expanding the possibilities for understanding Neanderthals, ancient humans, and how modern humans came to be the way they are.
Support the Special Olympics athletes of Illinois by jumping into the waters of Wick's Lake on Sunday March 25 for the 2018 Rock Island Polar Plunge. The funds raised from the Law Enforcement Torch Run Polar Plunge® will benefit the athletes of Special Olympics Illinois. Check-in for the plunge begins at 12:30 p.m. located at 777 Jumer Drive, Rock Island, IL.
All Polar Plungers are required to collect a minimum of $100 in donations. People are encouraged to come in costume and to form teams. A team must consist of a minimum of five plungers. Each team member must also raise the minimum of $100 in donations; all team members' individual fundraising totals will be merged to form a combined team total.
Plungers will receive incentive prizes based on the amount of money they raise. By raising the minimum of $100, you will receive an official Plunge hooded sweatshirt.
Plungers can register for the Plunge at www.plungeillinois.com or by contacting Jennifer Davis at 309-734- 5903 or jdavis@soill.org. Plungers are invited to join the conversation and share who they will #PlungeWith on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Special Olympics Illinois is a not-for-profit organization offering year-round training and competition in 18 sports for more than 23,000 athletes with intellectual disabilities and nearly 20,000 Young Athletes ages 2-7 with and without intellectual disabilities.
LONDON: Chelsea must respond to last weekend's defeat with a dominant victory at Huddersfield Town later on Tuesday (Dec 12), defender Cesar Azpilicueta has said.
The Premier League champions suffered a shock 1-0 defeat at West Ham United last weekend that left them 14 points behind league leaders Manchester City.
Spain international Azpilicueta has urged the London outfit to channel their disappointment into a performance worthy of a major club at John Smith's stadium.
"Big teams, after a defeat, we have to answer in a strong way," Azpilicueta told the club's website.
"We know it is a tough place. We have the character and hopefully we can get the three points.
"We are in December and we cannot think more than this. We have a tough game against Huddersfield, we will try to get the three points on the road and get back to winning ways and keep going, keep pushing."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Huddersfield have won three of their last four home league games, the exception being a 2-1 loss to leaders City last month.
The U.S. Commerce Department on Friday moved to impose additional trade duties on the sale of Bombardier Inc CSeries jets in the United States, prompted by Boeing Co's accusation that the Canadian plane and train maker had dumped the planes at "absurdly low" prices.
WASHINGTON: The U.S. Commerce Department on Friday notched up proposed trade duties on Bombardier Inc CSeries jets to nearly 300 percent, affirming Boeing Co's complaint that the Canadian company received illegal subsidies and dumped the planes at "absurdly low" prices.
The decision underscored the defensive trade policy of U.S. President Donald Trump, and could effectively halt sales of Bombardier's innovative new plane to U.S. airlines by quadrupling the cost of the jets imported to the United States.
The Commerce Department proposed a 79.82 percent antidumping duty on Friday, on top of a 219.63 percent duty for subsidies announced last week.
The new duty follows a preliminary finding that Bombardier sold 75 CSeries jets below cost to Delta Air Lines Inc in 2016. The total was well above the 80 percent Boeing sought in its complaint.
The proposed duties would not take effect unless affirmed by the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) early next year.
The duties are expected to heighten trade tensions between the United States, Canada and Britain, where CSeries wings are made. The United States, Canada and Mexico also are negotiating to modernize the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
After the first duty was announced on Sept. 26, Canada and Britain threatened to avoid buying Boeing military equipment, saying duties on the CSeries would reduce U.S. sales and put thousands of Bombardier jobs in their countries at risk.
Bombardier shares were last up 0.5 percent to CUS$2.20. Some analysts said the muted response reflected a view that the penalties might not actually be applied.
Boeing, the world's largest plane maker, hailed the decision and hinted at an alternative for Bombardier.
"These duties are the consequence of a conscious decision by Bombardier to violate trade law and dump their CSeries aircraft to secure a sale," Chicago-based Boeing said in a statement.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
"Bombardier always has the option of coming into full compliance with trade laws," Boeing added.
Canada's foreign ministry said Boeing was "manipulating the U.S. trade remedy system" to keep the CSeries out of the country.
Canada is in "complete disagreement" with the decision and would keep raising concerns with the United States and Boeing, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement.
To win its case before the ITC, Boeing must prove it was harmed by Bombardier's sales, despite not using one of its own jets to compete for the Delta order.
Bombardier said it was confident that the ITC would find Boeing was not harmed, calling the Commerce Department decision a case of "egregious overreach."
Delta said the decision was preliminary and it was confident the ITC "will conclude that no U.S. manufacturer is at risk" from Bombardier's plane.
Boeing has said the dispute was about "maintaining a level playing field" and was not an attack on Canada or Britain.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said the decision affirmed Trump's "America First" policy.
"We will ... do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers," Ross said in a statement.
But the industry is not so simple. More than half of the purchased content of each CSeries aircraft comes from U.S. suppliers, Bombardier has said. The plane supports an estimated 22,700 jobs and Bombardier's aerospace division spent US$2.14 billion in the United States last year, according to the company and documents seen by Reuters.
Boeing has said the CSeries would not exist without hundreds of millions of dollars in launch aid from the governments of Canada and Britain and a US$2.5 billion equity infusion from the province of Quebec and its largest pension fund in 2015.
(Additional reporting by David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Tim Ahmann in Washington and Allison Lampert in Montreal; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
NEW DELHI: India has slapped a nationwide ban on television ads for condoms during prime time hours, citing rules prohibiting "vulgar" content and concerns over children viewing salacious material.
The information and broadcasting ministry ordered India's estimated 900 television channels to restrict condom commercials to between 10pm and 6am, threatening repercussions if the ads fall outside graveyard hours.
"All TV channels are hereby advised not to telecast the advertisements of condoms which are (a) for particular age group and could be indecent for viewing by children," the order said Monday.
It also cited broadcasting regulations prohibiting "indecent, vulgar, suggestive, repulsive or offensive themes".
India's public and private television channels beam into nearly 183 million households across the country, data from the Broadcast Audience Research Council industry group shows.
Sex remains a taboo subject in India, a broadly conservative and traditional country, and condom ads have stirred up controversy in the past.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In September, India's largest trading body successfully lobbied for condom billboards featuring a former porn star be pulled down in Gujarat state, citing religious sensitivities.
In lodging its protest, the trade body accused the condom manufacturer of putting "India's cultural value at stake" by promoting contraceptives on the eve of a Hindu festival.
- Advertisement -
A Jos Chief Magistrates' Court on Friday sentenced a 21-year-old man, Mohammed Ahmed, who impersonated an army man.
Chief Magistrate Jovita Binjin sentenced Ahmed to six months imprisonment following his guilty plea.
Binjin, however, gave the convict a fine of N5,000, and hoped that the sentence would serve as a deterrent to others.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Ahmed had pleaded for leniency, saying that he was deceived by the devil.
- Advertisement -
According to the prosecutor, Sgt. Doghva Kasuwa, Ahmed impersonated an army man on Oct. 27 at the Nassara Police Station.
“The accused person was impersonating a military man; when interrogated, he could not explain when and how he became a military man,'' Kasuwa said.
He said that the offence contravened Section 132 of the Penal Code.
Abia state governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, has thrown his weight behind the advocacy for the protection of the rights of women and children, especially the girl-child.
The governor made this known when he received a delegation made up of a coalition of women and women's group led by his wife, Nkechi Ikpeazu, at the government house, Umuahia.
Mr Ikpeazu, who pledged to assent to all progressive legislations that protect the rights of women and the girl child once it gets to his desk, called on parents to be vigilant and monitor the activities of their children to prevent abuses by those entrusted to care for them.
“It is dangerous to leave a girl child with people you can't trust. A defiled child is a destabilised child. I enlist my support to this movement and all the legislations that protect our women and children against abuses will be assented to once they get to my table,” he said.
The governor urged women to be more vigilant, stating that most reported cases of molestation of the girl child were as a result of carelessness of mothers. He acknowledged that being a 21st century mother can be challenging but noted that the “African woman is well equipped for the challenge”.
Reacting to the call for more women to be given elective positions, the governor encouraged women to rally round their own whenever they come up for election and make bold statement through actions.
Earlier in her remarks, the wife of governor, Nkechi Ikpeazu, said the support from the executive branch led by the governor would help to correct several anomalies that militate against the well-being of women and the girl child.
She informed the governor that the coalition, which is made up of religious women group, academic women, bureaucrats, women lawyers, female politicians, business people, widows, human rights advocates, professional groups, women labour groups, senior citizens, as well as women leaders in communities and traditional institutions, had paid similar visits to the legislative and Judicial arms.
“We had visited the House of Assembly, the Judiciary and the state police command on this mission to ensure that the rights of women and the girl child are respected.
“Our Advocacy visit to you today is part of a systematic effort at receiving commitment from stakeholders towards elimination of these right abuses,” she said.
Chidinma Alozie who represented Female lawyers Association (FIDA), Roseline Ndimele and Victoria Akanwa also spoke during the visit.
The delegation included wife of the deputy governor, Vivian Chukwu, wife of former head of state; Aguiyi Ironsi, wife of the speaker; Gloria Kanu, wife of the deputy speaker Ndidi Ndukwe, Commissioner for Women Affairs and a host of others.
French authorities called for calm Wednesday after riots erupted in the western city of Nantes following a deadly police shooting, highlighting simmering tensions in deprived urban areas.
Rioters set fire to some 30 cars and several buildings on Tuesday night after news spread that an officer had shot dead a 22-year-old man after stopping his car.
Youths threw Molotov cocktails and clashed with police in the northwestern neighbourhood of Breil where the shooting happened before the unrest spread to two other poor districts.
Burned-out cars and splintered glass from smashed windows littered the streets on Wednesday morning.
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb condemned the violence saying “all the necessary resources” were being mobilised to “calm the situation and prevent any further incidents”.
The young man's car had been under surveillance as part of a drug-trafficking investigation, a police source said.
Officers approached him at around 8.30 pm and found he was not wearing a seatbelt or carrying an ID card.
“The driver reversed into a police officer while trying to flee,” the source said. “His colleague opened fire.”
The youngster was hit in the carotid artery and died in hospital two hours later.
– Contradictory accounts –
Some local residents have angrily contested the police account of the killing.
A woman who filmed the incident, who wished to remain anonymous, said “there were no police behind the car, he didn't hit anyone. There was only the one gunshot.”
Another person who said they witnessed the arrest said the young man had handed over his ID documents.
A national watchdog which investigates claims of police wrongdoing is investigating to clarify “the facts and determine in what circumstances the policeman used his weapon,” Nantes prosecutor Pierre Sennes said.
The driver had been wanted by police in Creteil, near Paris, for robbery and other offences, Sennes said.
The officer who shot him has been placed under psychological evaluation, local authorities said.
– ‘Sweet guy'? –
French police have a long history of strained relations with youths in poor, immigrant-heavy suburbs — not least since the death of two teenagers, electrocuted while hiding from officers, sparked nationwide riots in 2005.
Injuries suffered by a young black man during his arrest by police last February — which saw him suffer severe anal injuries caused by a truncheon — sparked fresh unrest last year.
In January, the government vowed a crackdown on urban violence after shocking video footage emerged of a policewoman being beaten by a crowd in the Paris suburbs on New Year's Eve.
Breil, the Nantes neighbourhood where Tuesday's shooting occurred, is a socially mixed district home to a large housing estate with a history of gang violence.
Police had boosted their presence in the area after a series of violent incidents in recent days.
Malakoff and Dervallieres, the other two areas hit by rioting, have been plagued by drugs and poverty for years.
They fall into a category of problem neighbourhoods which are set to receive extra police help from September under reforms by President Emmanuel Macron.
Local residents on Wednesday expressed anger over the killing.
“It's like this in every neighbourhood of France. The easiest thing for the police is to shoot. It's unacceptable,” one woman said.
Another, who gave her name as Fabiola, added: “He wasn't armed. We're scared — this could happen to anyone.”
A young man who gave his name as Chris told local paper Ouest France that the victim was “a sweet guy” who “always had a smile on his face”.
“I knew him well. He was from Paris but he'd lived here for a while, he had family here. For us, he was a kid from the neighbourhood,” he said.
Nationally, French police have complained of coming under increasing strain in recent years, with a parliamentary report released Tuesday detailing high suicide rates within the force.
This statement was originally published on rsf.org on 24 November 2017.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF) calls on the Moroccan authorities to respect the rights of the detainees currently on trial in Casablanca for their role in the "Hirak" protest movement in the Rif region. They include a journalist and five citizen-journalists and media workers.
RSF urges the authorities to adhere to international standards governing the treatment of detainees. The trial was postponed for the fifth time at a hearing on 21 November 2017 - this time at the request of the defence, which asked for a delay in order to prepare its arguments.
The 54 defendants include Badil.info news website editor Hamid El Mahdaoui and the following citizen-journalists and media workers: Mohamed El Asrihi and Jawad Al Sabiry of Rif 24, Houssein Al Idrissi of Rif Press, Fouad Assiadi, the editor of the Awar TV Facebook page, and Rabiaa El Ablak of Badil.info.
They are all currently held at Okacha prison, which is more than 500 km from their homes in and around the city of El-Hoceïma, in the northern Rif region, where they were arrested.
According to the information obtained by RSF, their treatment in prison does not comply with the international principles established by the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Fair Trial and Legal Assistance in Africa.
"When we met Hamid El Mahdaoui's family and some of the lawyers for the Hirak detainees last week in Morocco, they described to us the deplorable conditions and constant humiliation to which these journalists are being subjected in detention," said Yasmine Kacha, the head of RSF's North Africa bureau.
"We urge the Moroccan authorities to respect standards on the treatment of detainees both in prison and during hearings. We have shared our concerns with the protection department at the National Council for Human Rights (CNDH), which took note of them."
El Mahdaoui staged a two-week hunger strike in September in protest against the conditions in which he is being held and the fact that he has been in solitary confinement for several months. He is allowed into an exercise yard for only two 30-minute periods a day during which he cannot talk to anyone.
El Ablak began his third hunger strike on 9 November against the "inhuman" and "shameful" treatment he is receiving. A few weeks ago, the detainees stopped being allowed to receive food packages from their families. El Ablak ended his hunger strike on the eve of the 21 November hearing.
When they appear in court, the defendants are confined to an area behind tinted glass and are monitored by cameras. During the hearing on 21 November, police manhandled El Mahdaoui's wife, Bouchra, when she tried to approach her husband.
“Mistreatment by prison guards is a distinguishing feature of the detention of these journalists, said Khadija Riyadi, a winner of the 2013 United Nations Human Rights Prize and a co-founder of the committee set up to support El Mahdaoui and the other journalists held in connection with the Hirak protests.
"The food they are getting since their families were prevented from bringing food baskets is of poor quality," she said. "A few days ago, the detainees were subjected to a humiliating search. Medical care is lacking. We regret not being allowed access to the detainees. The support committee has requested access but has not received an answer."
El Mahdaoui was already sentenced in a separate case in September 2017 to one year in prison and a fine of 20,000 dirhams (2,000 euros). He is also facing a possible five-year jail sentence on a charge of endangering state security. The citizen-journalists and media workers in the Hirak mass trial are being prosecuted under the criminal code and the law on public gatherings.
RSF has repeatedly called for their release. If the authorities insist on bringing any prosecution against them, it should be on the basis of the press and publishing law, and the defendants should not be detained while being tried or awaiting trial.
The UN Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners permit solitary confinement for more than 15 consecutive days only in exceptional cases and only as a last resort after an independent review. Also, detainees must normally be allowed to communicate with their families at regular intervals and must receive medical care.
Under the Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Fair Trial and Legal Assistance in Africa, which the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights adopted in 1999, every accused person has the right to an effective defence, and states must ensure that detainees are treated in a humane manner and with respect for the inherent dignity of the human person.
Morocco/Western Sahara is ranked 133rd out of 180 countries in RSF's 2017 World Press Freedom Index.
#ToiletEkPremKatha Fri 13.10 cr, Sat 17.10 cr. Total: ₹ 30.20 cr. India biz... ₹ 48 cr [+/-] weekend on the cards... SUPERB... #TEPK — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) August 13, 2017
has earned over 45 Crores in its first weekend at the Box Office. In the recent times, when even big ticket movies failed to attract the audience to the cinemas, Toilet: Ek Prem Katha has garnered a positive word of mouth and grabbed eyeballs with its reality-inspired storyline.The movie jump-started at the box office on August 11th at 2000 theatres and gathered 11.71 Crores on Day 1. The box office collections hopped a growth of 45% by grossing 17 Crores on Saturday, which is a milestone itself. As per early reports, the movie has grossed 45 Crores after its first Sunday, thereby crossing its 40 Crores budget in its first weekend itself.Akshay Kumar's impeccable acting skills guided by a strong plot, the film brings forth the open defecation issue in India where women in rural areas are asked to cover their faces under a veil but are left with no option with open defecation in surroundings.The movie revolves around Keshav (Akshay Kumar) - the protagonist and his newly-wed bride Jaya (Bhumi Pednekar) who leaves his house on Day 1 of their marriage after she figures out that there is no Toilet in his house. Keshav is determined to win his lady love and bring her back home after constructing a toilet. However, he has to take a strong stand against men in the house who feel otherwise.With Independence Day holiday, the movie goers will have all the reasons to make the most of Toilet:Ek Prem Katha. As per industry experts, the movie is set to cross box office collection of 75-80 Crores within its first week itself.
Harrison Ford is best known for playing a brash pilot in a galaxy far, far away in the Star Wars saga, but in real life, the actor is an accomplished pilot who collects vintage planes. Back in March 2015, Harrison Ford made headlines when he somehow managed to survive a plane crash, after making an emergency landing on a Los Angeles golf course. Today we have word that the actor almost had another close call in Southern California, this time narrowly missing a 737 airliner in an incident that could have been much more serious.
NBC News first reported on this incident, which took place at the John Wayne Airport in Orange County. The actor was instructed to land his single-engine Husky aircraft on runway 20-L, but instead, he mistook a taxiway for that runway, as his plane flew over an American Airlines 737 airliner. The actor was recorded on air traffic control recordings after the incident, stating this.
"Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?"
Air traffic controllers then told the actor that he had landed on a taxiway, and not the runway he was instructed to land on. Landing on a taxiway is a violation of Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations. The air traffic controllers told NBC News that they gave the celebrated actor the proper landing instructions, and that he repeated them back. The 737 airliner, American Airlines flight 1546 to Dallas, Texas, with 110 passengers and six crew members, departed safely just a few minutes after the incident.
This incident has prompted an FAA investigation, which could result in punishment ranging from a simple warning letter, to a suspension of his pilot's license. It remains to be seen how long the investigation will take, and if there will be any consequences handed down from this incident. The 74-year-old actor reportedly trained to become a pilot in the 1950s, and while he is a respected and talented pilot, he has had a few other brushes with death in the skies, even before the 2015 golf course crash.
In 1999, Harrison Ford crash-landed a helicopter in Ventura County, California, during a training flight with an instructor, and then in 2000, he was forced to make an emergency landing at the Lincoln Municipal Airport in Nebraska. While neither he nor his passenger was hurt in that 2000 emergency landing, the plane's wing tips clipped the runway, causing damage to the plane. He has also used his piloting skills during two search and rescue missions near his temporary home in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. In 2000, he rescued a dehydrated hiker he found at Table Mountain in Teton County, Wyoming, and flew her to the hospital, and in just a year later in 2001, the iconic actor spotted a 13-year-old Boy Scout who was lost outside Yellowstone National Park, while flying his helicopter. Hopefully we'll have more on this latest aerial incident with Harrison Ford soon.
Three Big Ten teams saw their run in the NCAA women's tournament come to an end Sunday night.
Maryland, Michigan and Minnesota all fell in Round of 32 action, leaving Big Ten regular season and postseason champ Ohio State as the lone Big Ten team remaining. The Buckeyes face take on Central Michigan on Monday night.
NC STATE 74, MARYLAND 60: Kiara Leslie shot her alma mater out of the women's NCAA Tournament – and sent North Carolina State to its first Sweet 16 since Kay Yow's inspirational run. Leslie had 21 points and 11 rebounds against her former team, and N.C. State beat Maryland 74-60 on Sunday in the second round. Full AP recap.
26 wins. 12 Big Ten wins. And 10 🐢s that battled and gave their ❤️s every single day. This ride might be over, but we'll be back #TerpNation. #MarchWithMaryland | #FearTheTurtle pic.twitter.com/j7I8MkD83c — Maryland Women's Basketball (@umdwbb) March 18, 2018
BAYLOR 80, MICHIGAN 58: Another double-double for big post Lauren Cox, a standout game on both ends of the court for Juicy Landrum and a 10th straight trip to the NCAA Sweet 16 for Baylor. Cox had 18 points with 16 rebounds, Landrum had 17 points while helping finally stifle Michigan's career scoring leader, and the Lady Bears pulled away in an 80-58 win over the Wolverines on Sunday night. Full AP recap.
Final from Waco: Baylor 80, Michigan 58. U-M finishes the season with 23 wins, second-most in program history. #goblue pic.twitter.com/LiKTbcYcao — Michigan Women's Basketball (@umichwbball) March 19, 2018
OREGON 101, MINNESOTA 73: Sabrina Ionescu had 29 points, nine assists and seven rebounds and the second-seeded Oregon Ducks advanced to the Sweet 16 with a 101-73 victory over the No. 10 Golden Gophers in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament on Sunday night. It was the 11th straight victory for the Ducks, who are headed to the round of 16 for the second straight season. Last year they went to the Elite Eight for the first time in program history. Full AP recap.
Minister of Youth and Sports, Barrister Solomon Dalung, will be in Casablanca on Sunday February 4, 2018 to cheer the Super Eagles to victory when they meet the host, Morocco, in the final of the 2018 African Nations Cup.
Nigeria defeated Sudan by a lone goal in one of the semifinals while their opponents Morocco thrashed Libya 3-1 to advance to the final.
Barrister Dalung expressed excitement over the Super Eagles' qualification, stating that this will be another ‘first' in football under his watch.
“This is historic because the Super Eagles have never gotten to the final of the African Nations Championship. They have the support of the Nigerian government. They have the support of the Ministry and the Nigerian people and the only justice in the circumstance is to bring back the trophy to Nigeria.
“I want to also thank Nigerians for their support and encouragement, standing by the team and most especially the Nigeria Football Federation for ensuring a rancour free tournament for the team throughout their stay in Morocco”.
Earlier, when he visited the camp with the NFF President Amaju Pinnick, Barrister Dalung appreciated the team for their performance so far.
“Nigerians are very happy with you and today, we have hope that the future of our football is bright. Our President is a sports-loving President and he is following everything that is going on here. I can tell you honestly that he is waiting eagerly to receive you after you have won the trophy, so be ready to fight for your country on the pitch and make your people happy.”
The final match between Nigeria and Morocco holds at Stade Mohamed V, Casablanca .
The Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided to award the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN).
“The organization is receiving the award for its work to draw attention to the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons and for its ground-breaking efforts to achieve a treaty-based prohibition of such weapons,” the committee said in a press release.
Congratulations to ICAN on their Nobel Peace Prize. Now more than ever we need a world without nuclear weapons. #NobelPrize pic.twitter.com/dLDqqZIdoL — António Guterres (@antonioguterres) October 6, 2017
More than 300 candidates, including 103 organizations, were nominated for the 2017 Peace Prize. In 2016 the prize was awarded to Columbia's President Juan Manuel Santos for his efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end.
A great honour that we have just been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize 2017 for our work to outlaw nuclear weapons. #nuclearban #nobelprize pic.twitter.com/EOOtdzNXtN — Tim Wright (@TimMilesWright) October 6, 2017
NEW YORK: U.S. stocks edged lower on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the second time in three months and weaker oil prices weighed on the energy sector.
The U.S. central bank cited continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, proceeding with its first tightening cycle in more than a decade. The Fed also said it will begin cutting holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
"I don't think that there is really too much new in here outside of the fact that the Fed remains committed to the slow gradual normalization process despite some of the weak data that we've had," said Mark Cabana, head of U.S. short rates strategy at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in New York.
U.S. consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May and retail sales recorded their biggest drop in 16 months, data showed on Wednesday.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 9.45 points, or 0.04 percent, to 21,319.02, the S&P 500 lost 9.19 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,431.16 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 55.77 points, or 0.9 percent, to 6,164.60. The Fed clearly outlined a plan to reduce its US$4.2 trillion portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The market should take confidence in the fact that they're being very transparent in setting clear policy steps in terms of how they normalize the balance sheet," said Heidi Learner, chief economist for Savills Studley, a unit of Savills Plc, in New York. "Certainly more transparency is a good thing."
The energy sector was down nearly 2 percent as oil prices weakened. U.S. data showed an unexpectedly large weekly build in U.S. gasoline inventories and International Energy Agency (IEA) data projected a big increase in non-OPEC output in 2018.
The technology sector fell 1.2 percent, with Apple off 1.6 percent. Tech stocks have led the S&P 500's nearly 9 percent rally this year, but have faltered in recent days.
In corporate news, Alexion was up 8 percent after the biotechnology company named Biogen's chief financial officer as its CFO. Biogen's stock was down 3.5 percent.
H & R Block was the biggest percentage gainer on the S&P 500, rising 8.4 percent after the tax preparation service posted quarterly revenue and profit that beat analysts' expectations.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the New York Stock Exchange by a 1.35-to-1 ratio, while on Nasdaq, a 1.72-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
(Additional reporting by Sam Forgione and Herb Lash in New York and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Jeffrey Benkoe)
OSLO: Norwegian Air Shuttle expects to take delivery of its first two 737 MAX jetliners from Boeing on June 29, and plans to exercise further options for the aircraft to boost its fleet renewal, the budget carrier told Reuters on Thursday.
Boeing earlier this month said it had delayed delivery of Norwegian's first MAX to resolve a technical issue.
"We have previously said late June, but we have now received a date from Boeing, which is June 29," a Norwegian Air spokeswoman said of the plane, the latest version of the U.S. aircraft maker's best-selling model.
The carrier on Wednesday announced orders for two more of the MAX aircraft, taking Norwegian's total orders for the plane to 110. It also has options to buy a further 90.
"Our strategy is to switch out our aircraft before they get too old, so fleet renewal will be a priority for us going forward," the spokeswoman said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"All of our options make this process easier. We are a major Boeing customer so they have to give us priority and we will be exercising more options."
(Reporting by Joachim Dagenborg, editing by Terje Solsvik)
The 2018 NFL Draft is around the corner and the New England Patriots currently hold eight selections, including the 23rd and 31st overall picks. Like most teams, they enter the draft with a number of needs, and running back is definitely not their most pressing positional concern.
However Bill Belichick would prefer to draft the most talented player who fits his system the best over a player who fills a need on their roster, so who knows what he'll do. The Patriots currently have three running backs who are likely to be part of the regular rotation — James White, Rex Burkhead and newcomer Jeremy Hill, acquired via free agency. Is there a chance that Belichick is looking to add a fourth RB into the mix? Absolutely.
Related One WR for the Patriots in every round of the 2018 NFL Draft
With that in mind, here is an RB for each round of the draft who could become a fourth member of the committee in New England.
When it comes to running backs in 2018, it's Saquon Barkley and everyone else. For what it's worth, the consensus is that Guice, Leonard Fournette's formidable replacement at LSU, is the second best. Most recent mock drafts have him off the board within the first few picks of the second round, which means if the Patriots think he's their man, it wouldn't be a stretch to take him 31st overall.
More on Derrius Guice from Patriots Wire:
Report: LSU RB Derrius Guice to visit Patriots
Pats buck tradition, take RB at No. 31 in Bleacher Report mock draft
The NFL-ready Jones has huge upside and very few red flags, however his most obvious potential issue is durability at the next level. At 5'11” and 205 pounds, he's not the biggest guy out there and some wonder if he could handle the workload of a full NFL game. Then again, Dion Lewis was 5'8″ and he did just fine. Jones is fast and will make defenders miss, and considering they're already stacked with RBs who are red zone threats, Jones would be a great replacement for Lewis in between the 20s.
More on Ronald Jones II from Patriots Wire:
Report: USC RB Ronald Jones to visit Patriots
Patriots Wire 3-round mock draft: Re-evaluating after Brandin Cooks trade
Freeman is the opposite of Jones in terms of grinding through games. He accumulated 5,621 rushing yards and 60 rushing touchdowns at Oregon, and he's the same height as Jones but of a much sturdier build. The question is whether or not his lack of speed and his extreme workload in college could prove to be an issue in terms of his longevity in the league.
More on Royce Freeman from Draft Wire:
Royce Freeman NFL draft profile
Chubb could come off the board anywhere between rounds two and four, which means if he does drop down to the fourth round, whatever team that takes him will be getting immense value. He's not the prototypical Patriots running back in the sense that he's not the most versatile, but he can power through tackles and has the mentality and the size to play a major role in their rotational group.
More on Nick Chubb from Draft Wire:
Would you rather: Sony Michel or Nick Chubb?
Nick Chubb NFL draft profile
Ballage is a mystery to many because of the way he was used at Arizona State, where he could've been far more prolific considering his size and skill set. At 6'1″ he has the natural athleticism to be an asset on special teams or third downs, making him a hard player to pass on even if teams are quite sure how they'd use him.
More on Kalen Ballage from Draft Wire & Patriots Wire:
Kalen Ballage NFL draft profile
2018 NFL draft primer: Running backs
Patriots seven-round 2018 mock draft: Senior Bowl edition
Scarbrough is the kind of running back who will destroy teams who allow him to gain some momentum on a run, powering through tackles rather than avoiding them. Think late-career-LeGarrette-Blount Lite. However he also has an injury history, which is why some RB-needy teams will likely pass on him in earlier rounds.
More on Bo Scarbrough from Draft Wire:
Bo Scarbrough NFL draft profile
Ito Smith's size and ability to catch make him the ideal Danny Woodhead-type for teams who want a specialty back in their rotation. The Patriots would certainly be able to get the best out of him, the only question is whether or not there's room for another pass-catching running back on the roster.
More on Ito Smith from Patriots Wire:
Patriots reportedly spent several hours with RB prospect Ito Smith
Advertisement
The administrator of Ijimu local government area of Kogi state, Toufiq Isah, has requested the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, and the Presidency to investigate Dino Melaye for moving items meant for Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs, in the North-East last December to his country home in Ayetoro-Gbede, in the local government area.
The state chairman of the Association of Local Governments of Nigeria, ALGON, also accused the Kogi west Senator of “stage-managing an attack in order to cause unnecessary tension in the Council”, adding that it was unfortunate that Melaye twisted the story and accused him of planning to kill him.
Addressing newsmen at his country home in Okoro–Gbede in Ijimu on Monday, Isah explained that he only heard that Dino entered Ayetoro with policemen shooting guns sporadically to scare people, and wondered why he turned around to claim that he was attacked.
He pointed out that as the chief security officer of the Council, it was his responsibility to protect the lives and property of the people, adding that “if Dino cannot improve on the living standard of the people of Ijimu, he should allow them to have peace instead of causing unnecessary distraction.
Advertisement
The ALGON chairman, who alleged that Melaye had never empowered anybody in Okunland which he represents at the Senate, called on the EFCC to probe the IDPs materials he usurped and packed in his house.
“I am using this medium to call on the EFCC and the Presidency to investigate how items meant for IDPs in the North-east got to the hand of a senator who ordinarily is supposed to contribute to ameliorate the sufferings of the people.
“The items, according to information, were packed in his house at Ayetoro-Gbede. EFCC should also investigate and uncover the staff of nemas who might have aided and abated Dino in that shoddy deal,” he said.
Isah continued: “If you go to some villages, within our local government area, you will notice dearth of basic social amenities. The Governor Yahaya Bello-led administration has made it compulsory to all the councils' administrators to go down to the hinterlands and touch people's lives positively through the New Direction Agenda of the government, and that is exactly what I am doing in my council area.”
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, Germany: US ski queen Lindsey Vonn claimed the 80th World Cup win of her career on Saturday (Feb 3) as she won the downhill at Garmisch-Partenkirchen for the third straight year just days before the Winter Olympics.
Vonn, 33, clocked 1 min 12.84sec, just 0.02 secs faster than overall World Cup downhill leader Sofia Goggia, who finished second.
Austria's Cornelia Huetter finished third at 0.13 sec back.
Lindsey Vonn of the US celebrates. (Photo: Reuters/Michael Dalder)
Vonn is closing in on Ingemar Stenmark's all-time alpine record of 86 World Cup wins.
She has the chance for another victory in Sunday's downhill race, the final tune-up before the Olympics open in Pyeongchang on Thursday.
Advertisement
PHILADELPHIA - Axalta Coating Systems announced enhanced refinish learning and development offerings available to customers in the United States and Canada including live virtual training classes and an enhanced Master Certification. The new offerings further strengthen Axalta's learning and development program that includes classroom, hands-on and e-learning options.
Axalta's live virtual training, which covers the same curricula taught at Axalta's Learning and Development Centers, is a solution for paint technicians who recognize the value of face-to-face learning, but are not able to travel. Over two morning sessions, a qualified refinish instructor trains participants via a live, interactive, web-based broadcast. In the afternoons, participants apply newly learned skills to a project, and then upload a brief video for the instructor to review and issue a certificate of completion.
Axalta's enhanced Master Certification program allows to refinish technicians who complete 100-, 200- and 300-level courses in person, online or virtually to earn a Master Certification in Refinish after completing a 400-level course. 400-level courses are exclusively offered at Axalta's Customer Experience Center located on the Hendrick Motor Sports campus in Concord, North Carolina. Recipients of the Master Certification also claim space on the facility's “Wall of Fame” for all future visitors to see.
To learn more, visit Axalta's training page.
POLICE REFUSING COURT ORDER TO RELEASE MIGUNA, MOVE HIM TO HOSTILE TERRITORY
Twelve hours after a Court order was issued for the release of NASA NRM's Miguna Miguna, police are keeping him in custody in Githunguri. This follows upon the government's refusal to obey yesterday's court order to revoke the shutting down of Kenya's principal broadcasters, KTN, Citizen, NTV, and Africa Radio Group's Bamba network.
“We are seeing the unravelling of the entire edifice of the rule of law now,” said President Raila Amolo Odinga this evening. The earlier government refusal to heed the order to allow the networks to resume broadcasting has been ignored. That, and the intimidation/threat to arrest Kenya Guild and NTV Chief Editor Linus Kaikai and two other TV journalists for criticizing Uhuru's threat to ban the broadcasters, has been severely criticized by the international media in the last three days.
The order for Miguna's release was served upon the Inspector General of Police, the Director of Public Prosecutions and the Nairobi Police Commandant at 10 this morning. It looked like he would be released when he was given back his clothing and belongings, but he was then marched back to his cell.
He had been moved, for inexplicable reasons, to a police station in Githunguri, in Kiambu County, which is President Uhuru Kenyatta's birthplace and stronghold and where there is strong hostility to NASA and its officials like Miguna. He was going to have been released there, at a time when the locals were holding an anti-NASA protest there and burning tyres. Miguna might not have been safe there. This is playing with fire.
ODM MP TJ Kajwang' was also moved from Nairobi to Ngong Town when he was detained.
The courts have granted anticipatory bail to Linus Kaikai and other threatened journalist colleagues. But given the refusal of the police to obey court orders, the journalists have decided to stay out of harm's way in seclusion.
Salim Lone, Adviser,
President Raila Odinga
Fittingly located on Milk Street in Boston, Ogawa Coffee which has its roots in Japan, will satisfy your caffeine craving. With baristas trained by 2010 World Latte Champion, Haruna Murayami, their frothy creations will be your go-to brew, especially around the holidays—whether it's cute Jack-O-Lanterns floating in your cappuccino for Halloween or a four leaf clover in your matcha latte for St Paddy's Day.
10 Milk St, Boston, MA 02108, USA; Tel: +1 617-780-7139
The Enhanced Career and Education Fair will, for the first time, differentiate participating full-time national servicemen on whether they want to work or study after they complete NS.
SINGAPORE: About 2,000 jobs are on offer at a one-day career fair for full-time national servicemen (NSFs) who are about to complete their National Service.
The Enhanced Career and Education Fair, held at the Lifelong Learning Institute on Tuesday (Aug 15), is the eighth quarterly edition to be held since November 2015.
This quarter's edition features two components: A career fair where 30 employees from nine different industries are participating, as well as an education exhibition. This is the first time organisers are adopting a targeted approach during the fair, with NSFs differentiated on whether they want to work or study after they complete National Service.
Representatives from various organisations at the career fair. (Photo: Calvin Hui)
To do this, organisers are tapping on technology, with NSFs asked to register electronically a month before the fair, and indicate details such as previous course of study, preferred industries, job interest and salary expectations.
With the information on hand, organisers can better match NSFs to either prospective employers or educational institutions at the fair, depending on their preferences.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A list of employers was then curated by organisers to match the preferences of the NSFs. A personalised QR code with their stated preferences was also generated for NSFs, and can be used at the fair when they meet prospective employers so they do not have to manually complete application forms.
Employers at the fair include those from industries such as security, oil and gas as well as hospitality.
Another 6,000 jobs from the Jobs Bank will also be made available on a customised virtual platform, and only accessible to registered NSFs. This will run till Aug 29 this year.
Registering online also allows NSFs to access e-resources online to prepare them for a career switch after they complete National Service.
The fair is organised by Workforce Singapore, the Ministry of Defence and the Ministry of Home Affairs, and organisers are expecting about 4,000 NSFs from the Singapore Armed Forces and Home Team to attend.
India, Russia and China on Monday jointly condemned terrorism in all its forms and manifestations while calling for effective implementation of existing international commitments to counterterrorism. This was after the 15th Russia-India-China Foreign Ministerial Meeting in New Delhi.
In a joint statement, the three countries expressed concern over the threat of weapons of mass destruction (WMDs) falling into the hands of terrorists. They expressed hope that the UN will ensure a peaceful, secure, open, cooperative, stable, orderly, accessible and equitable information and communication technology environment.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her Chinese and Russian counterparts, Wang Yi and Sergey Lavrov also called for a peaceful and stable Afghanistan through an Afghan-led and Afghan-owned peace process at the meeting between the three nations. The three affirmed that outer space should be preserved for peaceful exploration and use by current and future generations.
The three nations also expressed deep concern over the the continuing conflict in Yemen and the tension on the Korean peninsula as a result of the nuclear and ballistic missile programmes of North Korea.
Following is the full text of the press statement by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj at the RIC Meeting:
Namaskar, Good afternoon
Foreign Minister Wang Yi, Foreign Minister Lavrov and I had discussions today on global and regional issues of common concern in the 15th RIC Foreign Ministers' Dialogue.
The discussions included issues like the challenges of the global economy, increasing terrorism, transnational organized crime, smuggling of drugs, natural and man-made disasters, climate change, and changing political scenario in the Middle East and North Africa.
This is my third RIC meeting as External Affairs Ministers of India, the last being in Moscow in April 2016. These annual talks give an opportunity to us three countries to exchange our mutual views with each other and identify our contributions to international peace, security and development.
Our discussions today were focused on four broad clusters of areas, namely, Economic and Developmental issues; Fight against terrorism; Global / Multilateral issues; and, Regional issues.
In the recently released Ease of Doing Business report by World Bank India has improved its position from 142nd in 2014 to 100th place this year. I have invited China and Russia for a more intensive trade and economic partnership so that they can take advantage of the economic opportunities available here.
I pointed out that the Sustainable Developmental Goals (SDGs) mirror India's own vision of development. The UN Summit on Sustainable Development held on 25 September 2015 in New York has 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and 169 targets with poverty eradication as its overarching focus.
Government of India's initiatives such as Smart Cities, Make in India, Beti Bachao Beti Padhao, Swachh Bharat, Jan Dhan Yojana, Digital India, Skill India, Startup India etc., closely relate to several targets under the SDGs.
While discussing terrorism, I put across my view that significant rise in acts of terrorism by terrorist organizations like Taliban, Daesh (ISIS), Al-Qaeda, and LeT directly undermine international peace and security and endanger ongoing efforts to strengthen the global economy and ensure sustainable growth and development. India strongly recommends a comprehensive policy for dealing with global terrorism.
The policy should include dealing with extremism, countering religious fanaticism, preventing recruitment of terrorists, disrupting terrorist movements, stopping all sources for financing of terrorism, stopping flow of FTFs (Foreign Terrorist Fighters), dismantling terrorist infrastructure, and countering terrorist propaganda through the internet, but we should not limit ourselves to these only.
To combat climate change, I argued that we should ensure a fair implementation of the Paris Agreement based on the principles laid down in the Convention (UNFCCC), especially equity and Common but Differentiated Responsibility.
We also had detailed discussion on a range of regional issues.
First Russia-India-China trilateral discussions were organized in December, 2016. Welcoming these discussions, I proposed that it's next meeting to be held in 2018 in New Delhi. I am happy that this proposal has been accepted.
I also proposed that the dialogue between RIC young diplomats organized by China in January 2017 should be carried forward. Next year we will welcome young diplomats from China and Russia to India.
In addition to our tri-lateral engagement, I had the opportunity to have separate meetings with Foreign Minister Lavrov and with Foreign Minister Wang Yi and discuss our bilateral relations in a comprehensive manner. We had a frank and forward-looking exchange on a wide-range of issues.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi and I agreed that we should further strengthen our mutual trust to develop a better understanding between the two parties. And it will be better to meet again and without agenda, which will help us to expand our mutual understanding.
Foreign Minister Lavrov and I reviewed our bilateral relations and both of us were satisfied that this is the 70th year of establishing diplomatic relations between us and more than 100 programs were organized in the two countries to commemorate the 70th anniversary. It is well-known that relations between India and Russia are very close and friendly.
In the end, I would unabashedly say that this trilateral forum RIC, which was established in 2002, is working very effectively. Its meetings are being conducted regularly and it provides us with a platform where the three major countries of the world, Russia, China and India, can openly have discussion on issues among themselves as well as other international and regional issues. Today's meeting also took place in a very cordial atmosphere and was very meaningful.
Thank you.
The entire text of the press statement has been taken exactly as posted by the official website of the Ministry of External Affairs and has not been edited by Firstpost.
With inputs from IANS
REUTERS: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday said it had issued 40 warning letters to retailers as part of its crackdown on illegal sales of Juul and other e-cigarettes to youth.
"The FDA has been conducting a large-scale, undercover nationwide blitz to crack down on the sale of e-cigarettes – specifically JUUL products – to minors at both brick-and-mortar and online retailers," the regulator said.
(Reporting by Manas Mishra in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
Airtel, Facebook Partner To Increase Internet Access In Northern Uganda
Facebook and Airtel have partnered to establish a fibre optic network that runs from Gulu to Koboko, in a move that underlines the fact that digital information transmission is becoming the newest frontier for competition in the telecom sector
Industry stakeholders say the move will boost internet connectivity, business development and offer more support for mobile operator's base stations across the greater northern Uganda region and further afield.
The Airtel Managing director is optimistic that this partnership will also go a long way in bridging the infrastructural gap currently affecting the equality of internet.
In his speech, Godfrey Mutabazi, the Executive Director Uganda Communication Commission said; “ICT is the fastest growing economic element in Uganda and I would like to applaud the organizations making this kind of investment and I believe it will develop the northen community.”
Whether you play it straight or go for some 10 Things I Hate About You spin, you know the basic plot will do a lot of the heavy lifting for you. And yet too many times filmmakers get in the way of their own production and make a mediocre movie.
Take the latest adaptation of Anton Chekhov's The Seagull. The tragicomic tale of multiple unrequited loves provides a rock-solid foundation for a feature film. Owing to this fact and its casting, The Seagull isn't outright bad. But the direction, cinematography, and editing call so much attention to themselves that it becomes pretty obnoxious at times.
The movie starts with Act III of the play and then recalls the events of two years prior. This is the first sign of potential production trouble, and it becomes much worse when we revisit much of this section at the end of the movie, which runs only one hour and 38 minutes.
Moving into the past, the famous actress Irina (Annette Bening) has come to her brother's (Brian Dennehy) country estate on vacation. Her son Konstantin (Billy Howle) is a young wannabe playwright who is madly in love with neighbor Nina (Saoirse Ronan). When Irina's lover, Trigorin (Corey Stoll), and Nina start chatting, passions become inflamed and problems come to a head.
Tangential estate folk also factor into this weird love web. A school teacher (Michael Zegen) loves the estate manager's daughter (Elisabeth Moss), who loves Konstantin who loves Nina who loves Trigorin who loves both Nina and Irina and finds himself torn. And for a story about unhappy relationships and existential Russian dread, it's actually pretty humorous.
But we run into some other production issues along the journey. There are a few cases of odd blocking—done to convey some theatergoing vibe, presumably. But it's disjointed, and in tandem with strange and unnecessary cuts, The Seagull comes off amateurish.
Fortunately the cast (though their performances taken as a whole are uneven) holds this thing together. It shouldn't come as a surprise that any of the bigger names would bolster the production, but you never really know what you're going to get with period pieces. Dennehy provides no small amount of laughs, while Bening runs the gamut of love, hate, pettiness, and scorn. Ronan does a fantastic job playing the youthful innocent and later a crestfallen spirit. But it's Stoll who stands out here as Trigorin. He relates a kind of dread around celebrity and his own motivations that still manages to be funny, and his writerly worldview is put forth with fantastic objectivity.
Given the strengths here, it's a shame The Seagull didn't lean on its cast completely. A serviceable movie, it's also a prime example of a picture where less would have been more.
Did you miss the show? Catch up on the entire morning here! Or listen to previous podcasts on Play.It or on iTunes.
6:00 a.m.
-Recognizing September's Teacher of the Month
7:00 a.m.
-Mercedes & JC come up with Garage Band names based on a memory of their grandmas
-Mercedes was put in a difficult position regarding a tip for a service she had done
8:00 a.m.
-JC thinks vaping is a nasty habit
-Mercedes & JC take another swing at Morning Show Karaoke
Remember to listen to “Mercedes In The Morning” Monday through Friday from 5am to 10am
And check us out on social media:
Twitter: @MercedesInTheAM
Instagram: @MercedesInTheAM
Facebook: Facebook.com/mercedesandjc
Youtube
Mexico City prosecutors say they have arrested a man who signed off on an apparently faulty construction project that collapsed in the magnitude 7.1 earthquake of Sept. 19 and killed two women.
Prosecutors have not identified the suspect, who faces homicide charges.
But they said Monday he was in charge of ensuring the seven-storey apartment building was constructed according to approved plans in 2016.
The prosecutor's office says the building's foundations didn't meet specifications approved for the site. It says the structure had “little resistance” and didn't meet specifications.
The quake killed 369 people in all, 228 of them in the capital.
Basketball | Braden Woolsey
Woolsey turned in a strong offensive effort for the Metro East Lutheran Knights last week, scoring in double figures in three games and helping his team win all of them.
The MELHS senior scored 10 against Madison on Feb. 7, 13 against Woodlawn on Feb. 10 and a team-high 16 against Riverton on Feb. 11 at the Riverton Shootout. Woolsey helped the Knights beat Madison 71-56, Woodlawn 63-44 and Riverton 61-44.
Woolsey scored in double digits 15 times this season and has boosted his scoring average to 12 points per game.
Woolsey and the Knights had won 10 of their last 12 games and were 14-13 heading into this week, the final week of the regular season.
Last year, Woolsey averaged six points per game and helped MELHS finish 25-6.
This season, Woolsey is one of nine seniors on the team. He played his final home game against Woodlawn.
Follow AdVantage News Sports on Facebook and #AdVsports on Twitter
The Canadian Press Apr 17, 2017
Sarah Blakely recalls feeling some trepidation when she and her husband shelled out more than $300,000 for a modest 1 1/2-storey house in a less-desirable part of Toronto.
Seven years later, they found themselves on the right side of a hot housing market, with values tripling in a 'hood suddenly considered up-and-coming for young families seeking detached homes.
They recently sold that renovated three-bedroom for more than $1 million and now expect to live mortgage-free in a four-bedroom purchase in their hometown of Ottawa.
The 34-year-old says it made sense to cash out of a city that was draining their finances, energy and family time.
“My husband and I saw an opportunity to take advantage of the recent gains in real estate and to move to a less expensive city to live mortgage-free, support our savings for retirement and also to be closer to family,” says Blakely, whose new home has nearly twice the square footage.
And they may have taken action at just the right time.
Blakely's real estate agent Josie Stern says the market appears to be cooling, and doubts Blakely could fetch that same jackpot sale today.
“A little bit of air has been let out of the bubble,” she says.
Many buyers and sellers are waiting to see what will come of Tuesday's scheduled meeting between Finance Minister Bill Morneau, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa and Toronto Mayor John Tory, who are expected to discuss ways to rein in Toronto's hot housing market.
Meanwhile, the Ontario government is promising to announce affordability measures soon.
Stern says some buyers are delaying their purchase in anticipation of possible fixes.
“Buyers have been in such a stressful situation for so long that now they think somebody is going to save them and they're waiting,” says Stern. “They've dug their heels in, they're tired of competition and then there's those that are still proceeding, but there's been quite a big pullback from buyers.”
Sellers who've bought new homes are rushing to list their old property, she adds, but many are not getting the high bids seen a month ago.
The Toronto market has been astonishing, with the average sale in the Greater Toronto Area skyrocketing last month to $916,567. That's up 33.2 per cent from a year ago.
With strong demand and limited supply, it wasn't uncommon for bidding wars to result in sales hundreds of thousands of dollars above asking. And a lot of those sellers took those dollars out of the Greater Toronto Area where they can get more acreage, less congestion and still pocket a fair bit of cash.
“We're finding that a lot of people are leaving the city,” says Stern, who estimates that about a third of her 35 sales this year involved sellers either downsizing to condos or moving to more affordable markets.
“It's empty-nesters, it's (couples with) babies, it's all kinds of people that are doing this.”
Even with a new uncertainty in the air, it's still a seller's market, she adds.
One of her biggest sales was a $2-million listing that went $575,000 over asking in February. The sellers moved to the commuter city of Burlington, Ont.
They're joining buyers priced out of the Toronto market who have gone looking for cheaper housing in smaller communities across the Golden Horseshoe, spurring other sales spikes in the region — Hamilton-Burlington homes jumped 22.6 per cent during the first two months of 2017 compared to a year earlier.
Still other buyers are looking farther afield.
Remember that relatively inexpensive Nova Scotia mansion that dominated Facebook last month?
Real estate agent Wanda Graves of Eastern Valley Real Estate says it's sparked more inquiries from Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta and B.C. house hunters suddenly hip to Eastern Canada's charms.
Nova Scotia sellers are taking notice, and are marketing to out-of-province buyers now considered increasingly likely to make an offer.
“They know that there are buyers out there and now it's, 'How do we reach them?”' says Graves.
Before selling for $455,000, the mansion in Newport Landing, N.S., drew more than one million views on her company's website and 36,000 shares on Facebook.
It's a story Vancouver real estate agent Melissa Wu knows well.
Years of record-setting sales saw Vancouver homeowners cash out for smaller markets with more space.
But that changed after the B.C. government introduced a 15 per cent foreign buyers' tax last summer, which Wu says especially soured interest in west Vancouver luxury homes priced at more than $4 million.
Detached homes in the $1-million to $2-million range in east Vancouver are doing well and still notching close to record highs, says Wu.
Her recent sales included a $2-million get for a century-old home owned by a retired couple. Their plan is to downsize to an older condo costing less than $500,000. The rest of the proceeds will go to their kids and retirement fund.
She says the sale was a record high for the neighbourhood, but it took an agonizing three weeks to secure — longer than it would have last year, she says.
She advises Toronto homeowners thinking of selling to take advantage while they can.
“There's always a shift coming in,” she says of this hot market. “Sell before it corrects.”
Stern would like to see a crackdown on real estate speculators in Toronto, citing one buyer who bought 15 properties in the last two years.
And she cautions those tempted to cash out that there's always a risk the market won't co-operate.
“People have been asking themselves that question since the year 2000: Should I sell? Should I cash out?
“And there have been people who have cashed out and have regretted it because they've seen what the market has (done) — they've never been able to rebuy the houses that they've sold.”
In General Michael Flynn's last interview hours before resigning as President Donald Trump's national security advisor, he said “there were no lines crossed” in his telephone call with Russia's Ambassador to the US, and called the leaks “a criminal act.”
The Daily Caller News Foundation spoke with Flynn just hours before he resigned on Monday. Flynn told the organization that Trump “expressed confidence” in him, enough anyway, to tell Flynn “that we need to go out and talk more.”
Flynn expressed reluctance to go out and talk more, “But this is ridiculous,” he said. “It's so out of control. I've become an international celebrity for all the wrong reasons.”
Bloomberg had reported that Flynn and his staff were instructed not to speak to the media over the weekend following reports that Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence on the contents of his conversation with Russia's Ambassador to the US, Sergey I. Kislyak.
In that phone call, which took place during the White House transition under President Barack Obama, Flynn acknowledged to the Daily Caller that the 35 Russian diplomats – expelled by Obama – were briefly discussed.
“It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “So that's what it turned out to be. It was basically, ‘Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, ‘We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
Flynn continued, saying that the call “was not to relieve sanctions. It was basically to say, ‘Look, we're coming into office in a couple of weeks. Give us some time to take a look at everything.'”
None of that crossed any line, Flynn stressed.
“If I did, believe me, the FBI would be down my throat, my clearances would be pulled. There were no lines crossed.”
Flynn, who was purportedly urged to retire early as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 2014, places more emphasis on the leak of his call with the Russian diplomat, rather than the call itself.
“In some of these cases, you're talking about stuff that's taken off of a classified system and given to a reporter. That's a crime,” Flynn said. “You call them leaks. It's a criminal act. This is a crime. It's not just a wink and a nod.”
Calling the leaks “unprecedented,” Flynn queried, “Are they coming out of people in the National Security Council? Are they coming out of people in the intel community? Or State? Or Defense?”
“Members of Congress are very concerned because these are leaks from classified systems. The House and Senate are looking into those things, as they should,” he said.
The Daily Caller cited two former senior intelligence officers, retired Col. James Waurishuk, who served on the National Security Council, and retired Col. James Williamson, both of whom agreed that US intelligence was being politicized.
Flynn claims to have apologized to Pence for denying that expulsions were mentioned in the call.
“For the vice president, I feel terrible. I put him in a position. He's a man of incredible integrity. I think the world of him. He is so good for our country,” he said. “I should have said, ‘I don't know. I can't recall,' which is the truth. Looking back, that's what I should have done.”
[Source: Reuters]
Comments
comments
SINGAPORE: Fifty cases of windows falling off their frames have occurred this year, the highest number since 2013, according to statistics released on Tuesday (Dec 12) by the Building and Construction Authority (BCA) and Housing Development Board (HDB).
While there have been no injuries arising from the cases reported, the number of cases have increased by four from last year. Most of these cases involved casement and sliding windows.
The average number of fallen windows remains at 44 cases per year, over the last five years. (Image: BCA and HDB)
The casement windows fell due to corroded aluminum rivets, compromising the functionality and strength of the rivets, BCA and HDB said.
Since 2014, homeowners are required to replace aluminum rivets in casement windows with rivets made of stainless steel. Homeowners should also check that window rivets and fasteners are not rusty or loose and regularly clean and lubricate joints and moving parts.
Cases involving sliding windows were mostly caused by the lack of proper safety stoppers and angle strips which help to keep window panels within the tracks. This can result in window panels detaching and falling when homeowners force open or close their windows.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Safety stoppers and angle strips in sliding windows should be replaced if they are worn out or damaged.
“Falling windows pose a huge danger to the public. We should all do our part to eliminate this risk. All homeowners and tenants should regularly maintain their windows at least once every six months,” said Mr Lim Beng Kwee, director of BCA's Special Functions Group.
Homeowners can face a penalty of up to $5,000 and/or jail term of up to six months for failing to replace all aluminium rivets in casement windows with stainless steel rivets. In addition, if a window falls out due to lack of maintenance, homeowners can face a maximum fine of $10,000 and a jail term of up to one year.
Since 2006, 326 people have been fined, and 86 people have been prosecuted for fallen windows.
President Muhammadu Buhari on Wednesday hosted Super Eagles at Aso Rock.
The Eagles were hosted before departing Nigeria for a friendly with England ahead of the World Cup in Russia.
In attendance were Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo; Gernot Rohr, Super Eagles head coach, and Amaju Pinnick, Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) president.
: Auto major Tata Motors on Monday announced the appointment of P B Balaji as its group Chief Financial Officer.Balaji, whose mandate includes driving financial performance and bring greater rigour to operations and investment decisions across different entities, will take charge from November, Tata Motors said in a statement.He will replace C Ramakrishnan who retires at the end of his term on September 30. Ramakrishnan was elevated as Tata Motors group CFO in July 2015.A global finance professional, Balaji started his career with Unilever in 1995 and worked in different corporate finance roles across Asia, Switzerland, the UK and India.Since 2014, he has been heading the finance function as the Chief Financial Officer of Hindustan Unilever. Prior to that, he was the Chief Accountant of the Unilever Group in London."Balaji's deep knowledge in all areas across finance and his global experience will be very valuable for the Tata Motors Group. He will be a great addition to the management team," Tata Motors Chairman N Chandrasekaran said.Tata Motors Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Guenter Butschek said Balaji will play a very important role in the company's transformation journey.The appointment would help in the company's renewed focus on topline, market share growth, major cost reduction initiatives and efficiency improvements to deliver better financial performance and profitability in the future, he added.Balaji is a graduate of Indian Institute of Technology, Chennai and has a post-graduate management degree from Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata.
Share:
Rawalpindi - A total of 208 National Assembly and 277 Provincial Assembly candidates are contesting general elections 2018 in Rawalpindi Division including Rawalpindi, Chakwal, Attock, Jhelum and Islamabad.
According to details, 75 candidates are contesting general elections from Rawalpindi, 21 from Chakwal, 15 from Attock, 24 from Jhelum and 73 from Islamabad for 16 constituencies of National Assembly and 27 for provincial assembly constituencies of the division.
NA-52 to NA-54, three constituencies are in Islamabad, while NA-55 to NA-56, two constituencies are in Attock, seven in Rawalpindi, NA-57 to NA-63, two of Chakwal, NA-66 and NA-67 and two constituencies in Jhelum. Similarly, 166 Provincial Assembly candidates are in the field from Rawalpindi, 35 from Chakwal, 37 from Attock and 39 from Jhelum districts of the division. Five provincial assembly constituencies from PP-1 to PP-5 are in Attock district, 15 constituencies, PP-6 to PP-20 are in Rawalpindi district, four constituencies, PP-21 to PP-24 are in Chakwal district while three Jhelum constituencies are from PP-25 to PP-27.
Regional Election Commissioner Majid Sharif Dogar informed that the Election Commission is finalizing all the arrangements for upcoming elections. The training is also being imparted to election officers, he added.
According to district Election Commissioner, Rawalpindi-I, Saleem Akhtar Khan, 75 National Assembly (NA) and 166 Provincial Assembly (PA) candidates are contesting general elections 2018 in Rawalpindi district including former Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi, former PM, Raja Pervaiz Ashraf, Chaudhary Nisar Ali Khan, Ghulam Sarwar Khan, Sheikh Rashid Ahmed and Hanif Abbasi.
According to the final lists issued by Returning Officers here, total 143 nomination papers for seven National Assembly seats, NA-57 to NA-63 of the district were filed and 402 for 15 provincial assembly seats, PP-6 to PP-20.
Battery Settings are now top level on iPhone and iPad. That includes toggling on percentage display and seeing what's gobbling up your power on iPhone and iPad. It also includes a manual switch for Low Power mode on iPhone. If you have one of the iPhones 6s or Siri, you can even access power settings faster than ever!
How to enable Low Power Mode on iPhone and iPad
Low Power Mode is currently iPhone-only. It comes on automatically when your battery reaches 20 percent, but you can turn it on manually any time you want to extend your battery's charge.
Open Settings on your iPhone or iPad. Tap Battery. Toggle Low Power Mode to on. The grayed-out switch becomes green when toggled on.
You can tell when Low Power Mode is enabled by looking at the color of the battery icon - it turns yellow. It will automatically turn off any time you recharge above 80% or more, so if you want to keep it on, you'll need to switch it on every time.
You can also switch on Low Power Mode quickly with Siri or 3D Touch at any time.
Two new buildings will go up in place of the Twin Bridges Motel in Bettendorf.
Each building will have four stories of apartments, and one building will have retail space.
Demolition of the motel building is set for July 10, 2017. The first new building is scheduled to be finished in the summer of 2018 with the completion of the second building in the spring of 2019.
Residents living at the Twin Bridges Motel have known for a couple of months that they have to move. Many are scrambling with only till June 30th, 2017 to find a new home.
“If we can't find a place for them they will be in cars,” said Scott County Housing Director Rick Schloemer.
Scholemer said the time is running out as he tries to help residents find a new place to live.
“This community that they have developed, this place that they called home is no longer going to be available for them. The bigger problem is a lot of these individuals are only making or recovering an earning for $735 a month. In some instances, the cheapest rent we could find were $450 so they don't have a lot to work with,” said Schloemer.
Resident Nathan Vandiver said money is not the only issue he is dealing with.
“There's not enough help out here in the Quad Cities. I'm trying to find a different place, I have somewhere my wife and I are going to but we had to reach out and really search. My wife is disabled,” said Vandiver.
Vandiver said his wife needs a wheelchair accessible living and moving away makes it hard to find places that can do that for them. He said many of his neighbors have already given up hope on finding a new home.
“It's really sad what's happening as far as everybody losing their place, and getting their place yanked out from underneath them. They're slowly but surely getting backpacks and getting stuff to be homeless because it is nowhere for them to go,” said Vandiver.
The Scott County Housing Council said it's working with other agencies to find housing for the Twin Bridges residents, whether it's permanent or temporary.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your wpxi profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Related Coverage Why is Tax Day on April 18 this year?
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — Several restaurants and stores are offering free items, promotions and specials to make Tax Day more bearable.
The following is a list of retailers and restaurants participating:
Barnes & Noble
Valid: April 18
10 percent off your order when you use promo code BNSPRING10
Bob Evans
Valid: April 18
30 percent off dine-in or takeout. Download coupon here
Boston Market
Valid: April 18
Get a half-chicken individual meal with two sides, a regular fountain drink, cornbread and a cookie for $10.40
Firehouse Subs
Valid: April 18-20
Get a free medium sub with purchase of a medium or large sub, chips and a medium drink. Download coupon here
Hungry Howie's
Valid: April 17-19
Buy one large one-topping pizza and get one medium one-topping pizza for 15 cents. Deal valid for online orders. Use promo code TAXTIME at checkout.
McDonald's
Valid: April 18
McDonald's is offering a variety of Tax Day specials that vary from franchise to franchise. Some are offering buy-one-get-one Big Macs and Quarter Pounders with cheese for 1 cent, 15 cents or 25 cents; free small French fries; or 59-cent hamburgers. Call your McDonald's beforehand to see what specials are available.
Noodles & Company
Valid: April 14-18
Take $4 off an online order of $10 or more with code: TAXDAY17
Office Depot
Valid: Now until April 29
Shred 2 lbs. of documents for free at your local Office Depot or Office Max with this coupon
Papa John's
Valid: April 18
Get your favorite large pizza for $10. Additional toppings to recipe pizzas will cost extra. More details can be found here
P.F. Chang's
Valid: April 17-18
Receive 20 percent off your takeout order. Use promo code TAXDAY
Planet Fitness
Valid: April 15-22
Get a free HydroMassage at any participating Planet Fitness location. Download coupon here
Sonic
Valid: April 18
Half-priced cheeseburgers. Applies to single-patty cheeseburgers only at participating locations
Staples
Valid: Now through April 22
Take up to 2 lbs of documents to Staples and they will shred them for free. Print off the coupon here
*It's always best to check ahead to make sure your location is participating in the above deals
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
ISTANBUL: Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) targets in northern Iraq on Monday and killed 17 of the group's militants, Turkey's armed forces said.
The PKK fighters were believed to be preparing an attack on Turkish border posts from the Hakurk region of northern Iraq, the army said in a written statement.
Three caves and one shelter used by the militants were destroyed in the air strikes, it said.
The PKK, which has been waging an insurgency in southeast Turkey since the 1980s, is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States and the European Union. More than 40,000 people have been killed in the conflict.
(Reporting by Tulay Karadeniz; Writing by Ezgi Erkoyun; Editing by Daren Butler and Gareth Jones)
For the second year in a row — and the third time in nine years — the Pittsburgh Penguins were taking part in a championship parade on Wednesday afternoon.
The city of Pittsburgh estimated (perhaps somewhat generously) that as many as 650,000 people showed up for the victory celebration that went through the downtown streets before ending at Point State Park, right at the confluence of the cities three rivers.
The celebration included goalies Matt Murray and Marc-Andre Fleury lifting the Stanley Cup together (likely for the last time as Fleury is not expected to not be back next season), a lot of screaming, Penguins coach Mike Sullivan calling for a “three-peat” and Matt Cullen‘s kids cutting apart Ron Hainsey‘s clothes.
Here are some of the highlights…
One highlight that did not make that clip was Cullen's kids helping to turn Hainsey's blue jeans into what was almost certainly an awkward pair of jean shorts.
The Cullen kids just turned Ron Hainsey's jeans into cut-offs. — Sam Werner (@SWernerPG) June 14, 2017
With temperatures nearing 90 degrees on the day he was probably the only player on the team that started the day in something other than shorts. Fortunately for him (or unfortunately depending on your style opinions) the Cullen kids were there to help him out.
Speaking of Cullen, every time his name was mentioned at the parade a “one more year” chant would break out as fans (and his teammates) tried to convince him to return next season. The 40-year-old Cullen proved to be a valuable role player on each of the past two Cup-winning teams.
At their parade one year ago coach Mike Sullivan ended his speech by saying “let's do this again next year.”
He offered a similar closing on Wednesday.
“On behalf of the team, we just want to thank you guys,” Sullivan said, via the Post-Gazette. “We think we've got a unique fan base. Everybody talked about Nashville through those finals. They've got nothing on Pittsburgh, I'll tell you that. I said a little something last year, seeing if we could do this again. I wonder if we could repeat or three-peat, should I say.”
Two boys, aged four and five, died of suffocation after being stuck inside a car for close to nine hours in outer Delhi's Ranhola area. The incident took place on October 3.According to the police, the two boys were playing in the car owned by the father of one of the boys. Around 1 pm, the car owner, a taxi driver, locked the vehicle through central locking, without realising that the children were inside, a police officer said.After a few hours, when the family members realised that the children were missing, they rushed to the police station in a neighbour's car to file a complaint.Meanwhile, one of the relatives of the boys unlocked the car door and found them in an unconscious state, the officer said.The boys were rushed to a hospital where they were declared “brought dead” by the doctors. The post-mortem report said they died due to suffocation. There were burn injuries on their body.
An ‘elevated risk' of cyberattack was cited in the decision to release the security updates for older Windows systems.
Citing “elevated” risks of cyberattack, Microsoft has released critical security updates to protect against large-scale hacking, according to a report from CNN.
The updates come one month after the WannaCry ransomware attacks targeted computers around the globe.
“In reviewing the updates for this month, some vulnerabilities were identified that pose elevated risk of cyberattacks by government organizations, sometimes referred to as nation-state actors or other copycat organizations,” said Adrienne Hall, general manager of the cyber defense operations center at Microsoft, in a blog post.
Tuesday's security update includes patches to Windows XP, Windows Vista, and Server 2003 products. Microsoft no longer supports these older systems, and the patches have to be installed manually.
Automatic updates will be available for Windows 10, Windows 8.1, Windows 7, and Windows Server releases after 2008.
A leaked cache of hacking tools thought to belong to the National Security Agency revealed the flaw in the Windows operating system through which the WannaCry ransomware attack spread.
Researchers said there were similarities between the WannaCry attack and code used by Lazarus group, a North Korea-linked hacking group. Ransomware attacks typically take over and lock a computer, extorting from its owner a ransom, typically in bitcoin.
A spokesperson for Microsoft said the decision to release the updates was “an exception based on the current threat landscape and the potential impact to customers and their businesses.” CNN said it was unclear if the company had been warned of another cyberattack related to WannaCry.
WannaCry targeted about 300,000 computers in 150 countries, encrypting victims' files. It mostly affected businesses and large organizations that used a Windows file-sharing tool.
The WannaCry attackers reportedly made less than $60,000 after businesses were advised not to pay the ransom.
Such was my haste in packing and ignorance of Russia that I nearly followed my wife's recommendation to throw in a woolly hat for the World Cup before setting off from Venezuela.
NIZHNY NOVGOROD: Such was my haste in packing and ignorance of Russia that I nearly followed my wife's recommendation to throw in a woolly hat for the World Cup before setting off from Venezuela.
Thank goodness I didn't, because it would have felt mighty silly having that in higher summer temperatures beside the Volga river than those back home on the Caribbean.
Advertisement
It was not the only misconception that I, a Reuters reporter - and hordes of fans who had likewise never been here - had about a host nation stereotyped for cold weather and cold people.
To our collective joy, edification and more than slight embarrassment, the Russia we found was hospitable, organised, modern, bending over backwards to help us - and ready to party.
My assignment was in Nizhny Novgorod, a "closed city" during the Soviet era, I had read in advance. That reminded me of the grey images of tower-blocks and food lines that were a staple of English media coverage during the Cold War of my childhood.
Whatever its past, this city of 1.2 million people at the confluence of the Volga and Oka rivers is now open and rocking.
Advertisement
Advertisement
From the airport to the stadium, hotel and public squares, young volunteers from local language schools were eager to show their English and spare us stumbling over phrase-books for a 'Spasibo' (thank you) or 'Zdravstvuyte' (hello).
At the gorgeous new Nizhny Novgorod Stadium, whose blue-and-white hues evoke water and wind, the facilities were perfect for journalists: high-speed internet, spacious desks with a TV for replays and a great view of the pitch, and special shuttle buses to whiz us through the crowds.
On the streets, locals sang, danced and took selfies with armies of fans from Panama to South Korea. Often, conversations merrily proceeded via phone translation apps.
'FORGET WHAT YOU READ ABOUT RUSSIA'
When Russia played in a different city, the locals poured onto the streets, chanted, and packed the fan zone in scenes of exuberant patriotism that beat anything I had witnessed in previous tournaments at Brazil 2014 and South Africa 2010.
Even the feared English hooligans never materialized.
Instead, 'Three Lions' fans hung out their flags and partied courteously with Russians in cafes and boulevards, while police hung back discreetly in the side-streets, un-deployed for the trouble they had been trained to expect.
Even the food, sometimes ridiculed as stodgy and bland, was getting a thumbs-up, especially the ubiquitous Georgian cordon bleu, smoky Armenian cafes, and surprisingly affordable Siberian caviar.
"Forget everything you ever read or thought about Russia - this is absolutely brilliant! It's such a shame so many people were put off," said England fan Charlie Carline, 33, quaffing beer in the sun-kissed fan zone next to Nizhny Novgorod's 'Kremlin' castle on a hilltop overlooking the rivers.
Some of his friends, veterans of past World Cups, stayed at home for fear of a repeat of the Russian-English fan violence seen in France at the 2016 Euros or hostility due to the dire state of political relations between London and Moscow.
Photographer Lucy Nicholson, based in Los Angeles, had covered seven Olympics for Reuters but never a World Cup and was excited to be finally seeing Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
"One of the most striking things about the World Cup compared to the Olympics, is how male it is: the vast majority of fans, media, and obviously players are male," she said.
"Given this, it was surprising how little rowdiness I witnessed ... I found ordinary Russians, particularly women, to be invariably kind and warm ... This welcoming behaviour could have been inspired by pride in a national event or perhaps by the balmy weather, but much of it seemed spontaneous and genuine."
'CLEANEST CITY I'VE SEEN'
Nicholson's biggest challenge was travelling between multiple cities - from Kaliningrad on the Baltic Coast to Sochi on the Black Sea. She took 14 flights in 18 days on Aeroflot and Siberia Airlines, once falling asleep in a stadium pre-match due to the exhaustion.
"It was fascinating to visit parts of Russia rarely seen by tourists," Nicholson said. "Restrictions on mass gatherings were suspended for the World Cup, creating an unusual carnival-like atmosphere."
Australia-based Reuters photographer David Gray was at his fourth consecutive World Cup and in Samara throughout.
"This World Cup differs from all the others due to one main factor - my preconceived ideas of what to expect," he said, echoing the conclusion of most Cold War-era western visitors.
"Talking with Russians during this event has broadened my understanding of their extremely strong national pride. A pride I find very admirable. It has also meant the cleanest city streets I have ever seen," said Gray, for whom the sound of water-spraying machines became as routine as that of cars.
He was also impressed by Samara's UFO-like stadium.
"The chanting and singing reverberates beautifully off the circular roof, and as at all World Cups, leaves a permanent ringing in your ears for many weeks after."
Of course, there will be a reality check after the love-in with Russia. It does still snow here in other seasons, no amount of fan fun can hide some serious political problems, and critics will say President Vladimir Putin has exploited the tournament to clean an increasing pariah image abroad.
Yet for the glorious summer of 2018, Russia put on its best World Cup face - and the world smiled back.
For a photo essay, click on: https://reut.rs/2KqNQQS
(Reporting by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
GlaxoSmithKline will scout for deal opportunities in cancer medicine, as well as immunology, as the drugmaker seeks to rebuild its presence in oncology, its new head of pharmaceuticals told Reuters.
LONDON: GlaxoSmithKline will scout for deal opportunities in cancer medicine, as well as immunology, as the drugmaker seeks to rebuild its presence in oncology, its new head of pharmaceuticals told Reuters.
In his first public comments since joining GSK in September, Luke Miels said the focus would be mainly on buying or licensing early-stage drugs. The hunt is set to gather pace in the new year with the arrival of new research chief Hal Barron.
Both men have been parachuted into Britain's biggest drugmaker by Chief Executive Emma Walmsley, who has made improving returns in the core prescription drugs business her top priority since taking over in April.
GSK has lagged behind rivals in recent years in producing multibillion-dollar blockbusters and has suffered a number of high-profile failures, undermining faith in its research and development skills.
Both Miels and Barron have considerable experience in oncology and worked together for more than five years at Roche, the world's biggest maker of cancer drugs.
Miels, who was most recently at AstraZeneca, said the existing GSK drug pipeline was a promising start.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The cupboard is not as bare as people think but there is a lot of work to do," he said.
"Where there are gaps in the pipeline, both Hal and myself have a bit of experience with business development. Hopefully, if we did see something outside then we would make a good call and invest sensibly on behalf of shareholders."
GSK's position on cancer medicine has left some investors scratching their heads. The company sold its marketed cancer drugs to Novartis in 2015, but it continues to invest in early-stage research and has recently made advances with a promising multiple myeloma drug.
"The areas we are interested in are oncology and immunology," Miels said of the hunt for deal opportunities.
"I'm sure Hal will have a lot of ideas but our focus is really on early-stage business development where we can spot things that we can pick up, target and accelerate."
While improving the drug pipeline is a priority, analysts say GSK's ability to make big acquisitions will be constrained by the need to conserve firepower for potential consumer health deals, such as buying out joint venture partner Novartis or bidding for Pfizer's over-the-counter business.
MULTIPLE MYELOMA DRUG
Further early clinical trial results with GSK's multiple myeloma drug, which targets a protein called BCMA, are being presented at the American Society of Hematology's annual meeting this week.
Miels described the drug - a rival to Genmab and Johnson & Johnson's Darzalex - as "extremely exciting". He also cited the promise of two other experimental programs, NY-ESO and ICOS.
This year, GSK has won approval for three new products - a shingles vaccine, a two-drug HIV cocktail and a three-in-one lung inhaler called Trelegy, the last of which Miels said analysts were "underestimating".
"Those three things are going to keep us pretty busy," Miels said. "The key thing is can we be more commercially assertive in vaccines against Merck, against Gilead in HIV, and against AstraZeneca and Boehringer in asthma and COPD? I think with the changes we are driving in the company we can be."
After these three new drugs there will be a gap in product launches until after 2020 - and a key task for Miels will be to show investors that a more focused pipeline approach, announced by Walmsley in July, can deliver value.
Miels sees clear parallels with AstraZeneca, which has also concentrated its bets in a few core areas in recent years.
"I saw that happen at Astra and I think the conditions are in place where we can do something very, very interesting at GSK."
(Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Advertisement
Ex-deputy National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Olabode George, has expressed satisfaction with the performance of Lagos State governor, Akinwunmi Ambode, in the areas of infrastructure development.
He urged the governor to do more in order to etch his name in gold after his tenure.
George who said he has never met Governor Ambode, added that the governor deserves commendation for what he has done so far in the areas of infrastructural development in Epe Local Government and other parts of the state.
He also commended the governor for decongesting traffic in the state.
While admitting that governing a cosmopolitan city like Lagos is a huge task, George, who hails from Lagos Island Local Government in the state also appealed to the governor to help in developing his local government and other areas of the state.
Advertisement
“I have never met this young man but I must say that I am impressed with his performance so far especially in the area of infrastructural developments. I don't know everywhere in Lagos because I hardly go round but I must sincerely commend him on what he is doing in Epe Local Government. I am very proud of what he is doing there. I passed through Epe recently and I thought I was in a different state”.
“I want to appeal to him that when he is done with Epe, he should head back to my local government, which is Lagos Island so that when he leaves office, not will Epe people remember him for his performance, but the entire Lagos will remember him and say ‘ yes, there was one Governor that passed through here and his name is Akinwunmi Ambode'.
“I also must commend him in the area of traffic management especially in the area of traffic decongestion in the state”.
Netflix's re-imagining of the 1965 series of the same name, “Lost in Space” (2018), has all the hallmarks of a Netflix production. The series is based on a cult favorite, the new cast is talented and the premise is interesting. However, there is something about the show that falls flat, and while it is certainly a good show, “Lost in Space” is decidedly not a great show, though it does have its fair share of strong moments.
The first episode, titled “Impact,” introduces viewers to the Robinson family, who are the main characters of the series. (The original show was itself a re-imagining of the 1812 novel, “The Swiss Family Robinson.”) After a mysterious object crashes into Earth and threatens the world in the year 2046, humanity decides to build and launch a colonization ship named the Resolute to stave off extinction. The Robinson family is selected as part of the 24th colonization mission, but en route to their destination of Alpha Centauri the convoy is attacked. While the Robinsons are able to make it into their craft, Jupiter 2, they are thrown into a wormhole and crash land on an unknown, but habitable, planet. The family must fight for survival as they try to repair the Jupiter 2, find other survivors and get along with one another.
The story itself is interesting enough, but it doesn't really do anything to stand out. At this point in time, plenty of other science fiction shows have tackled the idea of space travel, so one would expect a new or at least more nuanced take on the concept of traveling through space, but “Lost in Space” plays it a bit too safe. The dramatic tension is high throughout the episode, but it feels drawn out in many scenes. For example, when the youngest member of the Robinson family, 11-year-old Will (Maxwell Jenkins), is trapped by a forest fire, the scene drags on much longer than needed, and the tension becomes a crutch rather than a strength.
Much like the story itself, episode one features characters that are neither weak nor strong. The acting is solid, with Molly Parker's performance as Maureen Robinson, the mother of the family, being a cut above the rest. Solid, however, does not equal great. The cast is well-chosen in that their family dynamic is believable, but the characters all fall into certain tropes. Oldest daughter Judy Robinson (Taylor Russell) is the rebellious teenager; father John Robinson (Toby Stephens) is strict but caring; Will is the younger child who connects with a killer robot that is actually caring, and so on. The show feels familiar in an unwelcome way, and the actors themselves don't deliver a strong enough performance to make up for the tired tropes.
One more positive aspect of the show is the visual effects. The Jupiter 2 is a beautiful-looking spacecraft, and the environment of the alien planet is both stunning and vibrant. The alien robot feels real, and the effects around it are breathtaking and will leave viewers mesmerized. While the visuals are great, the soundtrack, like the rest of the show, is average at best. There is nothing inherently problematic with it, but it is forgettable, and besides punctuating moments of tension, adds nothing of note to the plot.
Of course, as the first episode in the series, there is the chance that the expository opening will lead to better episodes, and the entire series is currently available for streaming on Netflix. However, this reviewer was not impressed enough to continue watching, which speaks to the quality of the show as a whole.
Overall, there is nothing glaringly wrong with “Lost in Space,” but it doesn't do anything to distinguish itself from other, more celebrated sci-fi shows. It is accessible to audiences of most ages due to the diversity of the cast and the fact that family is at the heart of the series, but the plot is boring and the acting is mediocre. Even the beautiful effects and landscape can't make up for it. Watch this show if you have nothing better to do, but it simply does not fall into the vein of super-successful Netflix originals.
A former Disney child actor shot and killed his ex-wife inside a packed Southern California shopping mall over the weekend, then turned the gun on himself, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Ventura County Sheriff's Deputies say Kevin Crane, 33, walked into the Paper Source store, inside the crowded Thousand Oaks mall, and shot his ex, Parisa Siddiqi, 29. He then shot himself, but survived the suicide attempt, and remains hospitalized in critical condition.
According to state licensing records, Crane is a high-end realtor in Beverly Hills. An online bio says that Crane had “close ties to the entertainment industry,” and “a star-studded client base.”
PHOTOS: Don't Look, Mickey! Disney Stars' 17 Biggest Secrets & Scandals
He also worked as a child actor for Disney and Warner Brothers, and was better known for his role in the 1994 football movie Little Giants.
Siddiqi filed for divorce from Crane in January of 2016. The paperwork was finalized by February of 2017.
The couple had two young sons who were not present at the time of the shooting, and have been found safe.
PHOTOS: More Florida Danger: Alligator Drags Toddler Into Lagoon At Disney Hotel
As Radar readers know, this is the second serious offense brought upon by a Disney alum this year. In January, the star of Zeke and Luther and A Pair of Kings, was arrested in Burbank, California for a string of armed robberies.
Deputies are still investigating inside the paper store, where the shooting happened, but say the rest of the mall quickly reopened following the deadly crime.
Story Developing
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
“Top 20 Recruiting Roundup” is a new series in which we compile all the verbal commitments for each of the top 20 teams in our NCAA Power Rankings. We'll compile these lists periodically throughout the college swimming & recruiting season.
Texas has loaded up with 4 of our top 20 recruits in the class of 2018, including four men under 1:36.2 in the 200 free.
That's the upshot of our early look at recruiting among the top 20 programs nationally. Texas is loading up on talent coming off a run of three-straight NCAA titles, and #2-ranked recruit Drew Kibler is a massive pickup through the relay-distance freestyles.
A few other top programs have drawn nice classes as well, though. Our #1 overall recruit, breaststroker/IMer Reece Whitley, has committed to California. USC has only two verbal commitments (at least that we've reported), but both are top-15 prospects. Florida pulled four big-time swimmers including blue-chip IMer Kieran Smith (who should be a great fit in the IM-centric Florida program) and 19-second sprint twins Isaac & Willie Davis. Arizona State is also surging under head coach Bob Bowman, getting #4-ranked Cody Bybee and the class's best backstroker in #13 Noah Henry.
Related:
Here's a look at the recruiting hauls for each program. For the sake of brevity, we are listing only the best two events for each swimmer, along with their home state (or country if outside the U.S.). Our list only includes high school graduating Class of 2018 swimmers (sorry early commits, you'll have to wait for next year) or internationals who have committed during the current recruiting period.
Commits are listed in random order. Ranking numbers are from our previous recruit rankings from the summer and are not updated for more recent swims. All times are in short course yards unless otherwise noted. Times listed with “m” designate long course meters. In general, times listed are the athlete's top two swims in USA Swimming Power Points or FINA points for long course. (Yes, this doesn't always show an athlete's full versatility. Yes, some athletes might have times not listed that “feel” more impressive than those listed. No, point-based ranking systems aren't perfect. For the sake of consistency and brevity, this is the format we'll be sticking to in order to realistically compile times from this many athletes).
Reminder: These are not ranks of recruiting classes. These ranks come from our most recent NCAA Power Rankings. The recruits listed are all the verbal commitments we are aware of at this time. If you have a verbal commitment to report, e-mail it to [email protected]
T-#20: HARVARD CRIMSON (2017 NCAA FINISH: 27TH)
None
T-#20: VIRGINIA TECH (2017 NCAA FINISH: 22ND)
Alex Wright (WA) – 1:48.60 200 fly, 15:36.58 1650 free
Ben Hicks (MD) – 1:47.57 200 back, 1:50.68 200 IM
Brennen Doss (VA) – 15:34.13 1650 free, 4:27.61 500 free
Dylan Eichberg (VA) – 1:47.37 200 fly, 1:49.85 200 IM
Henry Claesson (IL) – 48.35 100 fly, 1:37.85 200 free
#12 Keith Myburgh (VA) – 3:45.85 400 IM, 1:58.60 200 breasts
Philip Manoff (VA) – 1:40.15 200 free, 1:49.11 200 fly
#19: OHIO STATE BUCKEYES (2017 NCAA FINISH: 19TH)
Benjamin Kuriger (OH) – 1:38.17 200 free, 1:49.75 200 fly
Hudson McDaniel (OH) – 56.62 100 breasts, 2:08.79 200 breasts
Jason Mathews (OH) – 1:59.26 200 breasts, 54.42 100 breasts
Josef Pohlmann (OH) – 49.77 100 fly, 21.05 50 free
Lain Weaver (WI) – 48.92 100 fly, 1:50.25 200 fly
RJ Kondalski (OH) – 49.33 100 back, 1:49.12 200 back
Ruslan Gaziev (CAN) – 22.46 50m free, 50.21 100m free
Stefano Batista (IN) – 2:00.74 200 breasts, 55.94 100 breasts
#18: MISSOURI TIGERS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 9TH)
Dane Florea (MO) – 3:52.03 400 IM, 15:21.17 1650 free
Garrett Clasen (IL) – 2:01.08 200 breasts, 1:48.80 200 IM
Jack Dahlgren (MN) – 48.28 100 back, 1:45.85 200 back
Jack Dubois (GA) – 15:38.83 1650 free, 4:29.32 500 free
#17: TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 20TH)
Eien McGee (MS) – 45.56 100 free, 49.82 100 fly
#16: MICHIGAN WOLVERINES (2017 NCAA FINISH: 17TH)
AJ Bornstein (CT) – 1:58.68 200 breasts, 55.99 100 breasts
David Cleason (MI) – 1:50.18 200 IM, 1:52.92 200 fly
Michael MacGillivray (MI) – 2:01.98 200 breasts, 1:51.50 200 IM
Will Chan (NC) – 1:58.93 200 breasts, 53.78 100 breasts
#15: AUBURN TIGERS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 12TH)
Matthew Yish (MA) -47.94 100 fly, 1:48.26 200 fly
#14: PURDUE BOILERMAKERS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 13TH)
None
#13: TEXAS A&M (2017 NCAA FINISH: 16TH)
#20 Clayton Bobo (TX) – 43.56 100 free, 19.90 50 free
Coco Bratanov (TX) – 44.90 100 free, 20.43 50 free
Ethan Gogulski (TX) – 1:45.07 200 back, 49.57 100 back
Peter Simmons (TX) – 1:47.73 200 back, 49.73 100 back
Shaine Casas (TX) – 1:47.59 200 IM, 47.64 100 fly
#12: LOUISVILLE CARDINALS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 11TH)
Colton Paulson (IL) – 4:24.64 500 free, 1:37.67 200 free
Hayden Curley (FL) – 15:27.18 1650 free, 4:26.70 500 free
Kyle Worrell (NJ) – 20.79 50 free, 1:38.76 200 free
#11: SOUTH CAROLINA (2017 NCAA FINISH:15TH)
Coleman Kramer (FL) – 1:40.08 200 free, 4:34.69 500 free
Garrison Johnson (VA) – 15:27.40 1650 free, 4:00.86 400 IM
Grayson Schroering (KY) – 2:02.89 200 breasts, 57.09 100 breasts
Nathan Walton (SC) – 50.33 100 back, 46.40 100 free
#10: ARIZONA STATE (2017 NCAA FINISH: 14TH)
#4 Cody Bybee (OH) – 1:34.55 200 free, 46.97 100 fly
Eddie Michael (OH) – 45.35 100 free, 50.40 100 back
Elijah Warren (CO) – 54.82 100 breasts, 1:50.34 200 IM
Ethan Luc (OR) – 44.85 100 free, 1:38.41 200 free
Jakob Icimsoy (AL) – 1:50.74 200 fly, 3:59.18 400 IM
Khalil Fonder (VA) – 48.46 100 back, 47.63 100 fly
Liam Bresette (MO) – 1:48.88 200 IM, 1:37.17 200 free
#13 Noah Henry (TX) – 47.15 100 back, 1:44.81 200 back
#9: ALABAMA CRIMSON TIDE (2017 NCAA FINISH: 10TH)
Spencer Walker (IL) – 1:45.18 200 back, 48.13 100 back
#8: GEORGIA BULLDOGS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 8TH)
Bradley Dunham (GA) – 15:19.69 1650 free, 4:24.87 500 free
#7: STANFORD CARDINAL (2017 NCAA FINISH: 5TH)
Alessandro Boratto (PA) – 48.49 100 back, 1:46.43 200 back
David Madej (OH) – 44.17 100 free, 48.39 100 fly
#11 Jack LeVant (TX) – 1:35.42 200 free, 43.98 100 free
Mason Gonzalez (PA) – 43.62 100 free, 19.99 50 free
#6: INDIANA HOOSIERS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 7TH)
Brandon Hamblin (VA) – 20.57 50 free, 45.66 100 free
Jack Franzman (IN) – 43.44 100 free, 19.81 50 free
Michael Brinegar (CA) – 14:53.52 1650 free, 4:19.80 500 free
Mikey Calvillo (TX) – 15:15.76 1650 free, 3:53.24 400 IM
Zach Cook (IN) – 48.60 100 fly, 1:51.30 200 fly
#5: USC TROJANS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 6TH)
#3 Alexei Sancov (CA) – 1:33.93 200 free, 43.46 100 free
#15 Ariel Spektor (FL) – 1:46.57 200 IM, 47.39 100 fly
#4: NC STATE WOLFPACK (2017 NCAA FINISH: (4TH)
Curtis Wiltsey (NC) – 15:44.31 1650 free, 4:27.14 500 free
John Healy (NC) – 1:46.38 200 back, 49.38 100 back
Nate Mullens (OH) – 20.45 50 free, 45.45 100 free
Rafal Kusto (POL) – 1:02.45 100m breast, 2:14.13 200m breast
Zach Brown (NC) – 3:52.55 400 IM, 48.25 100 fly
#3: FLORIDA GATORS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 3RD)
Isaac Davis (FL) – 19.93 50 free, 49.30 100 fly
#8 Kieran Smith (CT) – 1:46.41 200 IM, 3:46.07 400 IM
#9 Trey Freeman (TN) – 4:16.99 500 free, 1:34.92 200 free
Will Davis (FL) – 19.82 50 free, 47.85 100 fly
#2: CALIFORNIA GOLDEN BEARS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 2ND)
Christopher Jhong (CA) – 1:47.34 200 IM, 3:50.87 400 IM
Daniel O'Connell (CA) – 49.95 100 fly, 1:41.05 200 free
Reece Whitley (PA) – 1:52.37 200 breasts, 51.84 100 breasts
#1: TEXAS LONGHORNS (2017 NCAA FINISH: 1ST)
The Correspondents Chapel of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) in Kebbi has resolved to boycott coverage of the state's Government House activities over non-appointment of a Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, since Governor Abubakar Atiku Bagudu assumed office three years ago.
The journalists' resolution was contained in a statement signed by the Secretary of the chapel, Alhaji Ahmed Idris, in Birnin Kebbi, yesterday.
The statement read: “We have been facing difficulties in our professional work since the inception of this administration, owing to the absence of a Special Adviser on Media and Publicity for three years.
‘”The adverse effects of the non- appointment of such a position is felt whenever we need responses and balances of our stories for public consumption.”
The statement recalled that the first appointment done by President Muhammadu Buhari was that of substantive media team and adviser.
“We have no link with the government, hence, we find it very difficult to access the needed information we need which should be free.
“The state government has Special Adviser on New Media (Social Media), why is there non for conventional media?”
“Without the efforts of journalists, who will know the role Governor Bagudu has played in agricultural revolution in the country?
“We have reported many visits by Federal Government functionaries who came to Kebbi and commended the governor on his efforts to make the country food sufficient and secured,” the statement further read.
The journalists called on the general public to bear with them and promised continued coverage of other activities in the state for public consumption.
The Calgary Police Service has released a composite sketch of the face of a suspect who allegedly exposed himself to the occupants of another vehicle in the city's southeast earlier this month.
According to police, a car was travelling southbound on Stoney Trail approaching the Peigan Trail exit at approximately 6:30 a.m. on Saturday, May 12 when a minivan pulled alongside the car. The driver of the minivan allegedly exposed his genitals to the occupants of the car.
The occupants of the car attempted to note the licence plate of the minivan but the van swerved and exited at Peigan Trail.
The suspect is described as:
A Caucasian male
Approximately 45 years old
Having short grey/brown hair
Having a beard
The suspect vehicle is believed to a mid-2000s model Dodge Caravan, light blue, with a white roof rack.
Anyone having information regarding the identity of the driver or the incident on Stoney Trail is asked to contact the Calgary Police Service at 403-266-1234 or anonymous tips may be submitted to Crime Stoppers.
Kolkata: With Narendra Modi's government taking stringent policies up against its immediate neighbourhood on the wake of recent terror issues, black money infiltration, especially in the west and north-eastern dominion, recently a new development seems to arise.
Modi's anti-policies also seemed to have caught gear towards country's eastern neighbour Bangladesh. BSF sources revealed that very soon the Indo-Bangla International Border will be lased up with high tech laser walls and smart sensors to keep an eye on infiltration and curb terrorism, top news agency reported.
The system will be placed in the porous riverine area and in the areas that lack proper fencing for guard.
Sources also said that the project is going to kick off in next few months. The system works on principle of satellite-based signal command operability. It will also be equipped with night and fog visibility tools. It generally works on blips-alerts method which triggers border guards to action.
The army is already using the same kind of technology -Farheen laser wall-for fencing the country's western border along Pakistan and has been successful in ensuring strict vigilance and minimise infiltration.
The development came after inputs from intelligence agencies confirmed that there has been increasing terrorism and anti-national interference in the unfenced and riverine border areas along the 4,096 km long border. The decision to take urgent steps was reinforced after Dhaka terror attacks.
Meanwhile, out of the total borderline with Bangladesh, 2,216.7 km lie only in West Bengal. Recently, the proposal to erect fence along highly sensitive 81.7 km area by BSF's South Bengal zone has been given green signal by the state.
9 of 9
The 40-year-old beauty admitted to feeling lonely while raising Jack without Pratt's help, as he spent months upon months on tour. However, now that they've spit, the actor seems to be embracing his daddy duty and going out solo with his son. How do you think he looks on his latest outing with Jack? Let us know in the comments below. We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
Photo credit: BACKGRID
The Governing Council of Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU), Ile-Ife, has appointed Mrs Margaret Omosule as the Registrar and Secretary to the Governing Council of the University.
Omosule is the 12th since the inception of the university to occupy the postion of registrar.
The appointment was contained in a press release by the Public Relations Officer of the Institution, Mr Abiodun Olarewaju and made available to newsmen on Wednesday, in Ile-Ife.
Olarewaju said that prior to her appointment, Omosule was the Deputy Registrar and the acting Director, Vice-Chancellor's Office.
He said that Omosule (Née Ejimirhugbe), a native of Ughelli South Local Government, Delta Central Senatorial District, Delta State, was born on April 8, 1961 in Arijan, Ogun State.
The new registrar holds a Bachelor of Arts (B.A) (Ed.) degree in History (1984) and Masters Degree (M.A.) in Guidance and Counselling (1990) both from OAU, Ile-Ife.
According to the release, the new registrar is currently on her Ph.D Programme in the Department of Educational Foundation and Counseling, Faculty of Education, OAU, Ile-Ife.
“Before now she had worked as an Education Officer at the Ministry of Education, Akure during her NYSC Schedule between 1984 and 1985; was also Guidance and Counsellor, Moremi High School, OAU, Ile-Ife from 1991 to 1995,
“She later went on sabbatical leave at Tai Solarin University of Education, Ijagu, Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State from May 1 2014, to April 30, 2015.
“Omosule joined the service of OAU as an administrative officer 1, on Jan 23, 1995 and rose through the ranks to the post of Deputy Registrar in 2011, which was her designation prior to her appointment as the registrar.
“Omosule had also rendered services to the following national and international bodies- the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), the USAID Funded COMPASS Project, Baseline Household Facility and School Surveys, 2015.
“In addition, she served in the Technical Committee on Learning Plus (an initiative of UNICEF's Basic Education and Gender Equity (BEGE) programme),” Olarewaju said.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and her cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In her December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
She described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
She said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
He said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
President Uhuru Kenyatta on Wednesday reaffirmed his commitment to unite Kenyans saying he “won't be intimidated by anyone in the execution of his duties”.
The president, in his speech at a function in Embakasi East, said he respects everyone and will focus on delivering his mandate of uniting and serving all Kenyans without prejudice.
“Mimi naheshimu kila mkenya na sitishwi na mtu yeyeote. Watu waelewe vizuri. Heshima sio utumwa jameni…Mtu asifikirie ya kwamba mimi ni mtu wa kutishwatishwa huko. Kama ni vitisho tutaona vitisho itazidi upande gani. Mimi sio mtu wa kutishwa.”
(I respect every Kenyan but I won't be intimidated by anyone. People should understand that. Respect is not slavery. Let no one think they can intimidate me. If it is about intimidation, we shall see which side will be more intimidated. I'm not a person to be intimidated)
“…hata Babu Owino na George Aladwa (Makadara MP) ni rafiki yangu. Tuwache upuzi jameni.”
(Even Babu Owino and George Aladwa are my friends. Let's stop this nonsense)
He spoke at Jacaranda Grounds in Donholm where he had gone to issue title deeds to city residents.
Uhuru made the remarks in response to a statement by Nairobi Governor Mike Sonko that the president should not feel intimidated over his choice of lawyer Miguna Miguna as is deputy.
“My aim is work with you Sonko and uplift the lives of city residents. Build roads, issue title deeds, supply water, and give jobs to the youth,” he said.
Uhuru told off those who have been criticising his handshake with Opposition leader Raila Odinga saying he is ready to work with all Kenyans.
“Many out here are criticising me saying ‘what is that you did to go talk with Raila?' Raila is a Kenyan and I have a right to talk all people whose aim is to see our country go forward. We don't want divisions anymore,” he said.
The president spoke following signs especially in Rift Valley (read Kalenjin nation) of opposition to the ‘Building Bridges' initiative that he has embarked on with Raila. Jubilee senate majority leader the hawkish Kipchumba Murkomen has been on front-line issuing conditions to Raila for the handshake to work
He asked other leaders to desist from engaging in dirty politics and focus on development projects that will benefit all Kenyans.
VANCOUVER - A stunt woman has died following a motorcycle accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver.
The accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday.
Witnesses say the woman was filming a stunt when she lost control of her bike, jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower across from Canada Place.
She was treated by ambulance personnel but police say she died at the scene.
Her name has not been released.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences to his crew member's family and friends.
Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds expressed his condolences for the death of his crew member.
“We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment," wrote Reynolds on social media. "My heart pours out to them...."
Deadline.com reports that the stunt driver, who was not wearing a helmet, was a motocross rider who was doing her first film as a stunt performer.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2this morning," 20th Century Fox spokesman told Deadline. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
A motorcycle remains on the ground in front of a shattered-out glass window at the back of Shaw Tower. Vancouver police have taped off the area.
Stunt gone wrong at Canada place. Motorcycle stunt driver went into Starbucks. Non responsive. @WhatsFilming pic.twitter.com/TaB4yThBOh — JerFree (@jerfree) August 14, 2017
WorkSafeBC says they have five officers investigating.
Two officers are investigating to see if there are any immediate health or safety concerns, while three other officers are investigating the cause of the fatality and future prevention, said WorkSafeBC spokeswoman Trish Knight Chernecki.
Findings on any immediate health or safety concerns could be available within several days, while the investigation on the cause usually takes longer, said Chernecki.
Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash.
She ran out of the coffee shop and saw a woman lying with her body inside and her head outside the building.
Glass was still falling on the woman, Kermalli said.
“I was thinking, what if I was just five seconds (later),” she said, explaining that she had just walked by the spot where the crash happened.
Allan Webber was among those who came to the accident scene to watch as investigators assessed the scene then uprighted the stunt bike with its crumpled front tire.
"It's like a cursed corner," Webber said of the area, noting that just the day before the crash, one man died and two were injured in a bus accident down the street, and in 2013, actor Cory Monteith died in a neighbouring hotel.
Webber said he had previously watched the stuntwoman successfully complete a ride down Thurlow Street.
Nathan Kramchynski works on the seventh floor of the Shaw Tower and said he had been watching rehearsals of the stunt at the Vancouver Convention Centre.
The stunt woman had been riding the motorcycle down a set of stairs from the convention centre and stopped when she reached the street, he said.
When the accident happened, the driver appeared to pick up speed, crossed the street and swerved to avoid pedestrians before disappearing from his view, said Kramchynski.
“She lost control really quickly. It happened in a split second,” he said. “She was going full throttle and then there's a building there.”
He said a fire truck and police cars arrived “instantly.”
“The response was actually incredible,” he said.
The ambulance remained at the scene for about 15 or 20 minutes before leaving, he added.
According to Global News, whose TV crew witnessed the accident, the rider successfully completed the stunt four times but on the fifth try she encountered trouble with the throttle and lost control of the bike.
Deadpool 2, the sequel to the 2016 Marvel Comics blockbuster from 20th Century Fox starring Vancouver actor Ryan Reynolds, has been shooting in Vancouver since June 26. The film crew closed down downtown streets last week to film sequences involving motorcycles and scooters.
Domino, a female character played by actress Zazie Beetz, was spotted riding a black Ducati motorcycle down Hastings Street. It was the same model of motorcycle involved in Monday's accident.
Jason Cameron, a business agent with the Union of B.C. Performers said it's not known if the stunt woman was one of their members.
The UBCP represents 6,000 people who work as actors, stunt performers, singers, and voice actors.
“We're waiting for more information to come in. We would have had members on set,” said Cameron.
He said a union representative headed out to the set after hearing news of the accident. Trauma counselling will be available, he said.
Cameron said despite today's tragic accident, performing stunts is very safe.
“The nature of stunt performing is it is very dangerous but we are also talking about skilled and trained stunt performers who perform these very dangerous stunts in a safe way,” he said.
“These very complicated sequences and stunts happen on film sets all the time. (Accidents are) pretty rare considering how often stunts like this are performed. It's exceedingly rare which is a test to the skill level.”
Cameron said Deadpool 2 is a “stunt-heavy” production.
It's not the first tragedy to hit the B.C. film industry.
In 1998, local stuntman Marc Akerstream was killed when he was struck in the head by a piece of flying debris while observing an explosion on the Squamish set of the TV show The Crow: Stairway to Heaven.
Two years earlier in Squamish, 32-year-old Vancouver stuntman Keith Perepelkin died on the set of the movie Firestorm, after his parachute failed to open during a jump from a helicopter.
Last month in Atlanta, stuntman John Bernecker died on the set of The Walking Dead after he fell head-first onto concrete instead of on padding meant to cushion his roughly 7-metre fall from a balcony. His death was believed to be the first stunt-related fatality on U.S. soil in 20 years.
Meanwhile, in May of 2016, Hollywood actor Dylan O'Brien suffered a concussion and multiple facial fractures after a stunt went wrong on the set of Maze Runner: The Death Cure in Cache Creek.
WorkSafeBC put the blame for O'Brien's injuries squarely on 20th Century Fox, saying the production company "failed” to ensure the safety of workers on the Maze Runner set.
Monday's crash occurred just metres away from the site of Sunday's fatal bus accident. A charter tour bus loaded with passengers hit three people — killing one and injuring two others — on Canada Place Way, between the Convention Centre and Canada Place.
Deadpool 2 is scheduled to be released in theatres on June 1, 2018.
With files from Gord Hoekstra, Matt Robinson, The Canadian Press and The Associated Press
sbrown@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Browniescott
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, has said that the exclusion of young people from the decision making processes that affect them could be equated to crime against humanity.
Speaking when he received the Movement For The #NotTooYoungToRun in his office, Mr Dogara stressed the importance of opening up the political space to young people for the growth and development of Nigeria.
“One thing that we must emphasise and continue to emphasise is that we must get our young people to develop the capacity to participate and lead.
“We must also ensure that they have political influence. Any environment that excludes half of its population would not be fair, and this is true for the young people that now live in this great country called Nigeria. We have to accord you your rightful place.
“To continuously exclude the young people from participating in taking decisions that affect them would have amounted to a crime against humanity.”
He said there is no criminality above excluding a greater percentage of people from taking decisions or participating in taking decisions on matters that affect them.
He also harped on the importance of the youth getting the right training from a young age to enable them take up leadership positions in the future and deliver successfully.
“We just didn't do it (pass the bill) for the young people but as it is said, great leaders bother themselves about the next generation.
He expressed delight that the bill which has become an inspiration to other sister countries to provide legal backing for youth inclusion in governance, will come into law before the 2019 election. He assured of help with resolving any bureaucratic process when the need arises.
Mr Dogara said he will be available to celebrate the milestone when the president signs the bill into law and urged the advocacy team to “make a big deal of the feat they have achieved”.
Speaking earlier, the Executive Director of Youth Initiative for the Adocacy, Growth and Advancement (YIAGA), Samson Itodo, who led the delegation, expressed gratitude to the speaker for keeping his promise to promote youth inclusion in politics by ensuring the bill is passed.
He commended the speaker's leadership in pushing for the passage of the bill, saying he (Dogara) inspired them to keep the movement strong.
He commended the speaker and members of the House for showing the world that it is a parliament that prioritises youth engagement in the political process.
He said the United Nations has commended the Nigerian parliament, while the Economic Community of West African State (ECOWAS) and the African Union have adopted the resolution to include youth in political processes.
Mr Itodo also said baring any last minute changes, President Muhammadu Buhari will sign the bill into law at 1 p.m. on Thursday and urged the speaker to help push for accelerated gazetting of the law.
HONG KONG: In a city that likes to dress up its dogs, 50 dachshunds gathered in Hong Kong Saturday (Feb 3) wearing everything from patterned winter jumpers to dapper tweed.
It was Hong Kong's first "sausage walk", emulating popular mass dachshund get-togethers in Britain.
The band of excitable dogs and their owners carved a path through the heart of the city on a chilly morning, taking in footbridges, seafood markets and roadside temples en route.
Organiser Mat Gallagher said he had been inspired to get owners and dogs together after adopting 10-year-old rescue dachshund Jai Jai six months ago.
"They're very cool dogs, very chilled out. He's very relaxed and likes to be with people," Gallagher said, holding Jai Jai, who was sporting a fleece-lined grey tweed hoodie with leather buckles.
The group congregated first at one of the city's few dog parks, on its famous harbour front.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The event was Hong Kong's first "sausage walk", emulating popular mass dachshund get-togethers in Britain. (Photo: AFP/Isaac Lawrence)
​​​​​​​
As they embarked on their walk, they ran the gamut of delivery drivers, loaded trolleys and Saturday shoppers on the streets of the busy Sheung Wan neighbourhood.
"Hong Kong is not a dog-friendly city," said Ivan Lo, who had brought dachshunds Kaka and CC for the walk.
"But they are good friends for us, for humans, so we still want to own one."
Gallagher said he hoped 2018 would see improvements in Hong Kong's canine landscape - the walk ended in a dog-friendly cafe.
For Isabella Redmayne, six, who came with dog Boris, the pleasures of owning a dachshund were simple.
"He's six-years-old like I am and he licks me on my face. He likes to go to sleep on his blanket and he's really soft," she said, adding that she hoped he would make new friends Saturday.
The city wants undocumented immigrants to call for help when they're in trouble and help police with investigations without fear of being fed to Immigration officials. Yet that "separation ordinance" ends at the doors of the Hennepin County Jail.
After years of prodding from officials ranging from city council members to U.S. Congressman Keith Ellison, Hennepin County Sheriff Rich Stanek finally laid out in writing what happens to undocumented immigrants in his jail.
In a letter from September 21, the sheriff described that at the point of booking -- before an arrestee is convicted of a crime -- inmates are asked their place of birth and fingerprinted. The prints are sent to ICE.
"If an arrestee voluntarily discloses that they were foreign born, or a non-U.S. citizen, HCSO makes this information available to ICE, arranges a call to ICE, and offers the arrestee the option of speaking with an immigration agent," Stanek wrote.
In 2016, his office arranged about 2,700 phone calls between inmates and ICE agents. If ICE asks, the sheriff's office will give it a heads-up when an inmate is released from jail.
"Should your city decide to adopt a sanctuary city policy, the process at our Jail will remain unaffected, because the state and federal mandates for our jail will continue," Stanek concluded.
"The only way to adopt a true sanctuary would be to instruct your police department to either not make arrests, or to cite and release all suspects."
Minneapolis City Councilman Cam Gordon published the letter on his blog Monday, calling the sheriff's disclosures "disturbing," and suggesting that Minneapolis review its contract with the Hennepin County Jail.
That doesn't necessarily mean looking for new jail. It isn't clear whether other counties would serve cities outside their borders, or if their practices even differ from Stanek's.
Gordon wants some provisions in Minneapolis' contract with the jail to set some guidelines for Stanek. He's asked city attorney Susan Segal to analyze exactly what Stanek is legally bound to do, and what he does voluntarily. Where the sheriff goes above and beyond to assist ICE, Gordon hopes to pull him back.
"I was struck by how it didn't appear we were providing any kind of due process, or any kind of human services to the inmates, especially those who were identified as appropriate to tell ICE about," he says. "They were afforded no opportunity to talk to any of their family members or any other agency or support system that could help advocate on their behalf and provide them some legal defense."
Gordon suspects Stanek isn't really obligated to notify ICE, or to set up phone calls to help Immigration agents determine an inmate's legal status. And though inmates technically have the option of not answering booking questions, no one is told they have that option.
"I'm just imagining those families this happens to. I don't know it's conscionable we can treat people in this way, so I better be doing something about it," Gordon says. "And hopefully other people will help."
I'm pretty sure that last year wasn't just about self-love for you. Whoever is guilty, raise your hands. I'm typing with one hand here, too.
We always try to indulge in self-love but it's not as easy as it may sound. Recently, of the three Mohan sisters, Shakti was targetted for being too manly.
Thanks, Shakti, your Karara response gave me a lot of courage to love myself like never before. I guess that's a great start to 2017, isn't it?
She took to Facebook to give a strong response to the haters:
“I have been told I sit like a man, I walk like a man, your body looks masculine and voice is heavy not female like. I have been told to be more feminine by well meaning people.
I wasted many years trying to be who I am not in my effort to fit in.
I don't know why the world is after making you fit in to a category. Be You and stop fulfilling people's expectations of you to look busty, assy, fair, thin, shy, masked with make up.
You can either live for yourself or for the world.
Use your power to Choose…”
A Beamsville animal rescue group has launched a petition calling on the Ontario SPCA to re-open an animal cruelty investigation at a property where they say more than 100 cats were living and dozens more were dead.
Beamsville4Paw Rescue collected more than 225 signatures in person during a successful adopt-a-thon in Grimsby this weekend for some of the rescued kittens and cats from Merritt Road.
It's also posted an online petition on its website and through Facebook.
“People were outraged,” said Pam Huson, owner of Beamsville4Paw Rescue. “People were coming and giving me hugs. The petition line was out the door. You couldn't even move. So many donations, so much support.”
The Ontario SPCA told the Standard last Wednesday that it couldn't move forward with an investigation or lay animal cruelty charges at the Merritt Road property due to lack of evidence.
Lincoln County Humane Society executive director Kevin Strooband said Monday if more evidence becomes available, the agency can still lay charges.
“It's still open because there's no statute of limitations,” he said.
Strooband said OSPCA officers did not see evidence of cruelty during their visits to the Merritt Road property. The agency has received photos from the rescue groups, but he said those pictures don't show evidence required to lay charges either.
If the groups can provide more evidence required for a charge, Strooband said the OSPCA officers are willing to take it. “They've been less than forthcoming to this point,” he said.
The Town of Lincoln does not have a bylaw limiting the number of cats a person can own or have at a residence.
Beamsville4Paw Rescue and Project Save-a-Cat's Life say they rescued 100 cats, some pregnant with kittens on the way, and found another 150 deceased at the property, which was abandoned by a former tenant believed to be a cat hoarder.
Volunteers have been at the site every day since July 18 catching cats, some injured and many underweight, getting them medical attention and putting them in foster homes.
The story has triggered an outpouring of support from the community.
Huson said more people than expected showed up at Grimsby's PetValu on Saturday and Sunday to adopt cats, sign the petition or make a donation.
“They were crying, opening their hearts. It was truly amazing to see the community pull together,” she said.
Members of Beamsville4Paw Rescue were hoping to adopt out 10 cats but people scooped up 30.
Huson said the timing was good because one of the pregnant cats at a foster home gave birth on Sunday and they needed more room for newborns.
“We may be doing the trapping but this is a community project. We wouldn't be able to do this without the public's help. Without the people donating, without the people opening their doors for fosters,” Huson said.
“I love my community. I don't think I'd live anywhere else. The support that we're getting, you could tell people love their animals.”
Huson said another group of cats will be up for adoption at the store some time after Labour Day. But people don't have to wait for the event to adopt and can view the cats at any time in their foster homes. All cats ready for adoption are expected to be listed on the www.beamsville4pawrescue.com website by this Thursday.
Meanwhile, the volunteers continue to visit the property trying to catch one or two stragglers, but believe they've cleared all others.
“I'm amazed at our volunteers and the groups that we have, that in less than a month we have rescued a hundred-plus cats. Truthfully that is amazing and a half,” Huson said.
“That's because of the public. I can't thank the public enough. I wouldn't be able to do it if they didn't open their hearts and their doors.”
In addition to calling on the OSPCA to re-open its investigation, the rescue group's petition is asking that the Lincoln County Humane Society be removed from all animal cruelty investigations within the Niagara region and from any services in the Grimsby community. The idea would be to bring in another agency.
Strooband said the Lincoln County Humane Society has done good work with animals in the area.
“Because this group is not pleased with our decision to date, they want to change the policing of animals in their jurisdiction, which isn't appropriate,” he said.
Strooband said if there are legitimate concerns, there is a complaint process on OSPCA's website in the FAQ section. He said they welcome any questions.
“We're not concerned about their feelings of a lack of investigation,” he said. “We're concerned that we haven't been provided evidence by them to properly do our jobs, almost to the point of obstructing us when they're holding evidence they're not turning over.”
Volunteers have said they are willing to cooperate in any way they can and want to know what more they can provide.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
A father's daughter is dead and her boyfriend is in jail after telling 911 she committed suicide.
New Delhi: The Indian cricket team will play its first match of the 2019 ICC Cricket World Cup against South Africa on June 5 instead of June 2 as the Lodha Committee recommendation made it mandatory for the BCCI to maintain a 15-day gap between the IPL final and an international assignment.
“The 2019 IPL will be played between March 29 and May 19. But we need to maintain a 15-day gap and World Cup starts on May 30. Therefore as per 15 day gap we could have only played on June 5. Earlier, we were scheduled to start on June 2 but we couldn't have played on that day,” said a BCCI official on conditions of anonymity.
The matter was discussed during the ICC Chief Executives Meeting at Kolkata on Tuesday. The tournament, which will be staged in England and Wales, will be played at 10 venues.
The tournament, to be played in England, will begin on May 30 and go on until July 14. The complete schedule is expected to be released by April 30.
India, who have never lost to Pakistan in World Cup, will square off against the arch-rivals on June 16 in Manchester. The announcement was made in Kolkata during the ongoing five-day ICC meet.
India, who won the World Cup in 2011 and reached the semi-finals in 2015, will be the hot-favourites for the title.
Embattled Malawi Congress Party (MCP) Secretary General Gustav Kaliwo, risks arrest over contempt of court, if he proceeds with his plans of holding the Party's convention between, scheduled by him to be held from 7 to 9 July, Maravi Post has established.
The development follows the High Court injunction, obtained by the MCP President Dr. Lazarus Chakwera.
The injunction, which was obtained through Chakwera's lawyer Peter Chakwantha of Armstrong Lasers and Company, restricts Kaliwo from holding the said convention.
Chakwantha argues that Kaliwo's organized convention, is against the MCP constitution.
Confirming this, MCP deputy spokesperson Eisenhower Mkaka, said according to the injunction, Kaliwo's scheduled convention may occur only if the injunction is lifted.
Efforts to talk to Kaliwo proved futile.
However, Kaliwo who is lawyer by profession, told Maravi Post in an earlier interview that his convention was legal.
He said it is in line with article 40 of the MCP constitution, which mandates the district and regional chairpersons as well as the National Executive Committee (NEC), to call for the convention.
“Almost half of the district chairpersons, are calling for a convention, and the constitution allows me to organize it,” Kaliwo had argued.
MCP legislatures however, this week, asked Kaliwo to peacefully resign from his position. They argue that the constitution mandates the Secretary General to call for a party's convention, after receiving blessings from the MCP NEC.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, Iowa has four hate groups. Three of those groups are statewide.
Two statewide groups are what the SPLC calls Neo-Nazi groups, The National Socialist Movement and the Gallows Tree WotansFolk Alliance. Both have groups in other states as well.
The other is an anti-Muslim group called Act for America, this is also a nationwide group.
The SPLC also shows a connection between the website "The Daily Stormer" and Amana, Iowa.
KWQC has reached out to the SPLC to see what that connection is.
Meanwhile, in April, a card promoting white supremacy was found in the University of Iowa Library. At the bottom, they card had the website listed.
According to the SPLC, the website is the top hate website in the country.
This weekend, The Daily Stormer posted a story about Heather Heyer, the woman killed in the Chartottesville Attack.
Shortly after that, Go Daddy, the website's domain host told The Daily Stormer it had 24 hours to move its domain.
After moving to Google, Google announced it would also drop the site for violating its terms of service.
It is still unclear what will happen to the site.
Illinois has 32 hate groups according to the SPLC.
The nearest to the QCA is a Neo-Nazi motorcycle club in Canton, Illinois. That groups founder lives just east of St. Louis.
He and five other members of a former group were arrested and charged with a multitude of things in 1998.
Court documents reveal that he and others planned to rob banks, stockpile money and automatic weapons, kill people on a hit list and start a race war.
The other groups closest to the QCA include a Nation of Islam group in Rockford along with Neo-Nazi groups and others in the Peoria area.
If you would like to view the full map, click the link to the right of your screen, app users click below.
Prepare to have your heart melted...
Stephanie Davis has had a tough week but she's put it all behind her by enjoying the cutest day out with baby Caben.
The actress took her seven-month-old son on a trip to the zoo over the weekend and posted a seriously adorable photo as they shared a cuddle at the venue.
READ MORE CELEB NEWS
Jeremy McConnell AVOIDS prison for assaulting Stephanie Davis
Steph, 24, holds a smiling Caben in her arms and looks at him lovingly in the snap.
‘Had an absolute Lovely day with the family taking Caben to the zoo to see the animals🐯🐫🐗🐳🐙Just lovely💕,' the former Hollyoaks star captioned the picture.
‘How beautiful is my boy, so lucky, just a dream😍💙 ps everyone asking where my top is from, it's from @d.stressedx absolutely love it💛'
It comes just days after Steph's ex-boyfriend Jeremy McConnell avoided jail after being found guilty of assaulting her at her home in March.
Jeremy, 27, was given a suspended prison sentence as the judge ruled that he had '27 years of previous good character'.
A restraining order was also passed which means that the Irishman – who is the father of Steph's son Caben – must stay away from Steph for three years.
Steph didn't attend court to see Jeremy given his sentence on Friday but a statement from her was read out during the hearing in which she said the attack had made her feel a ‘nervous wreck'.
She hasn't commented on her former boyfriend's sentence but it's been reported that she's ‘devastated' that Jeremy avoided jail.
Steph also spoke just a few days ago of how she suffered a miscarriage last month which left her heartbroken.
Following all of this stress fans are thrilled to see her and Caben looking so happy on their day out.
‘what a lovely photo of u both Canban is so handsome you're an amazing woman so brave & strong lots of love,' one admirer commented on the post.
Another wrote: ‘Beautiful picture. Keep on smiling @stephaniedavis88_ u will get there'
The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarised zone along the border between North and South Korea for a potential summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un are going well and it expects the historic meeting to take place on June 12.
WASHINGTON: The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarised zone along the border between North and South Korea for a potential summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un are going well and it expects the historic meeting to take place on June 12.
"The U.S. delegation led by Ambassador Sung Kim met with North Korean officials today as well and their talks will continue. So far the readouts from these meetings have been positive and we'll continue to move forward in them," White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said at a regularly scheduled briefing.
Advertisement
"We're going to continue to shoot for the June 12th and expect to do that," she said, referring to the original date scheduled for the summit.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Writing by Lisa Lambert; Editing by Leslie Adler)
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un will walk across the Demilitarized Zone on Friday for a historic summit with the South's President Moon Jae-in, the highest-level encounter yet in a whirlwind of nuclear diplomacy. Pyongyang's atomic arsenal will be high on the agenda, being that it is the first time one of its rulers will set foot in the South since the Korean War ended 65 years ago, and a peace treaty to formally end the conflict could also be discussed.
The meeting on the southern side of the truce village of Panmunjom, only the third of its kind after two in Pyongyang, the last 11 years ago, is intended to pave the way for a highly anticipated encounter between Kim and U.S. President Donald Trump. It comes after a rapid and spectacular diplomatic dance on the peninsula, orchestrated by Moon and set to the beat of the Winter Olympics in the South.
Kim sent a delegation headed by his sister to the Games and offered to put denuclearization on the table in exchange for security guarantees. Trump accepted his proposal for a summit, and Kim went to Beijing to pay his respects to ally China in his first overseas trip as a leader.
It is a stunning contrast from last year, when Pyongyang carried out its sixth and by far most powerful nuclear test to date and launched missiles capable of reaching the U.S. mainland, while Kim and Trump traded personal insults and threats of war. The U.N. Security Council imposed several more sets of sanctions on the North, including measures targeting its crucial coal, fishing and textiles sectors, along with oil imports.
North Korean backing for denuclearization of the peninsula has previously been code for the withdrawal of the 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in the South and Washington's nuclear umbrella over its ally, seen as a non-starter for the U.S.
The North has not explicitly made that demand this time according to Moon, but it still wants a "security guarantee," potentially leaving plenty of room for disagreement.
Pyongyang has long sought direct negotiations with the U.S., but Moon said last week that the South could "work in the middle to narrow the differences between the U.S. and the North to help forge an agreement between the two countries."
BRUSSELS: Trying to create the shortest supply chain possible, a supermarket in Brussels is selling produce grown on its own roof only hours after being harvested.
Delhaize, a Belgian supermarket chain part of Ahold Delhaize, said it launched the "Urban Farm" project to satisfy the growing number of consumers who are concerned about where their food is sourced and eating healthy.
Advertisement
"The products are harvested in the morning at 8 o'clock and an hour later they're in the store," store employee Marie Delvaulx said.
The garden on the 360-square-metre roof also generates its energy sustainably with solar panels and by recuperating heat from the store building.
The farm - which this year produced tomatoes, lettuces and strawberries - operates year round and can withstand the cold months thanks to a greenhouse.
Creating a farm in a roof on city comes with some challenges. The produce can easily be destroyed because the farm lacks biodiversity to mitigate the damage from insects, and there also is the question of the weight constraints.
Advertisement
Advertisement
While the farm, the first of its kind in Delhaize stores, currently only produces a fraction of the supply needs, it will serve as a test for expanding the programme to other stores.
(Reporting by Julia Echikson and Sydney Olsen; Editing by Alison Williams)
Prominent Australian opposition Senator Sam Dastyari said on Tuesday he would resign from parliament after a series of allegations emerged about his links with Chinese-aligned interests in Australia.
SYDNEY: Prominent Australian opposition Senator Sam Dastyari said on Tuesday he would resign from parliament after a series of allegations emerged about his links with Chinese-aligned interests in Australia.
Relations between Australia and China have become strained since Canberra announced last week it would ban foreign political donations as part of a crackdown aimed at preventing external influence in domestic politics.
In announcing the ban, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull specifically singled out China, citing "disturbing reports about Chinese influence".
China hit back, with the ruling Communist Party's official People's Daily describing media reports about Chinese interference as "racist" and "paranoid".
Dastyari, widely viewed as a rising star of the centre-left Labor opposition party, has been under fire since domestic media reported he had sought to encourage the party's deputy leader not to meet a Chinese pro-democracy activist opposed to Beijing's rule in Hong Kong in 2015.
"Today, after much reflection, I've decided that the best service I can render to the federal parliamentary Labor Party is to not return to the Senate in 2018," Dastyari told reporters in Sydney.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The latest allegations came just days after Turnbull on Monday told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Dastyari had warned Chinese political donor Huang Xiangmo that his phone might be tapped.
Dastyari had already quit some senior Labor positions after a tape surfaced of him appearing to endorse China's contentious expansion in disputed areas of the South China Sea, against his party's platform. The tape showed him standing next to Huang.
Turnbull accused the opposition Labor Party of "failing to put Australia first", rhetoric that analysts said could widen divisions between Canberra and Beijing.
"The row has erupted and it has claimed a political scalp," said Euan Graham, director, international security programme at the Lowy Institute, an Australian think tank.
"China could retaliate through non-official sanctions such as reduced tourist numbers or through buying of goods elsewhere."
China bought AUS$93 billion (US$69.95 billion) of Australian goods and services last year, making it easily the country's biggest trade partner.
But growing trade ties are only one side of a delicate balancing act for Australia, whose unshakeable security relationship with the United States has limited how cosy it gets with China.
The recent political focus on Dastyari's China links has been a welcome reprieve for Turnbull, who is suffering a slump in popularity in a country where three prime ministers have been ousted by their own parties since 2010.
The fragility of his centre-right government will be tested at the weekend, where the Dec. 16 by-election for the blue-ribbon conservative electorate of Bennelong in Sydney could see Turnbull again lose his majority in parliament should Labour win.
(US$1 = 1.3294 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Colin Packham and Elouise Fowler in SYDNEY; Editing by Paul Tait and Jacqueline Wong)
Glee star Mark Salling , 35, was just spotted looking glum while on the streets of Los Angeles, two days after pleading guilty to child porn possession! The troubled actor looked exhausted and unkempt as he stepped out to grab some food in the neighborhood. As RadarOnline.com readers know, the star will likely face 7 years behind bars, followed by 20 years of supervised release. Click through to see the latest photos. Photo credit: INSTAR Images
Salling tried to avoid the cameras as he stepped out of his car to pick up his take out. He looked frazzled and sulky as ever as he enjoyed one of his last meals before his prison sentence. Photo credit: INSTAR Images
The formerly beloved Glee singer and actor, wore an oversize black sweater, loose navy pants and flip flops for the outing. Photo credit: INSTAR Images
As Radar readers know, Salling was accused of possessing child pornography about two years ago, when he disclosed the disturbing images to an adult female companion and was later investigated by the FBI Photo credit: INSTAR Images
Two days ago, he pled guilty to having downloaded “thousands of images of child pornography” in his home computer. He also agreed to make “full restitution” of $50,000 to each of his victims. Photo credit: INSTAR Images
The sick actor is no longer allowed to speak to any individual under 18, unless he or she is accompanied by a parent or legal guardian. Salling is also prohibited from visiting school yards, parks, playgrounds, arcades and swimming pools. Photo credit: INSTAR Images
As Radar previously reported , Salling's porn featured children as young as 5 years old! He even possessed a video that featured the child performing oral sex on an adult male. Photo credit: INSTAR Images
“The government has produced discovery to the defense, including 100,000 pages of reports, photographs and forensic examination results,” the U.S. attorneys wrote at the time of the discovery, adding that they also found “several digital devices containing images of child pornography.” Photo credit: INSTAR Images
Naya Rivera claimed in her memoir that she wasn't surprised by the child porn allegations. “When Mark dumped me, I thought it was the worst thing ever, but can you imagine if that didn't happen? And I was laying there in bed when the battering ram came through the door?” She wrote. Salling's ex-girlfriend and former Glee co-starclaimed in her memoir that she wasn't surprised by the child porn allegations. “When Mark dumped me, I thought it was the worst thing ever, but can you imagine if that didn't happen? And I was laying there in bed when the battering ram came through the door?” She wrote. Photo credit: INSTAR Images
- Advertisement -
The elective Convention of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that took place at the Eagle Square in Abuja on Saturday, December 9, was a charade and an anti-climax. Everyone who had been a witness to the travails of the once-upon-a-time ruling party which lost power to the Progressives Congress in 2015 – viz, the humiliation, the victimization of the party and its agents by the successor-government, the catastrophic seizure of the party by a certain Ali Modu Sheriff, the desertion of the party by opportunists seeking fresh foothold, protection, and relevance in the new ruling party, the pummeling of the party as a party of corruption by both the stupid and the knowledgeable- indeed nearly everyone who witnessed all this had expected that the party would use the opportunity of the Convention to renew itself and set the tone for a new beginning. The event of Saturday December 9 was truly meant to be the PDP's new beginning but was it? No, it wasn't. The election that took place was another night of the long knives. After the macheting, the ego slaying, the marching out, and the intrigues of Caesarian flavour, the PDP was left in a worse state than it had been. It was sad. It was disappointing. It was a big let down.
The Progressives Congress has been gloating, trying to score a cheap point out of the melodrama of this PDP Convention, but it does not lie in the mouth of the APC to put down the PDP Convention. The tragedy of Nigerian politics right now is that we do not yet have, 18 years after our return to democracy, a political party that represents the closest ideals of democracy. There are 50 political parties or so on the list of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) but they are all special purpose vehicles, designed to put ambitious men and women who go by the title of professional politicians in the corridors of power and more precisely, in close proximity to Nigeria's resources.
These politicians are full of guile and bile; they would do whatever it takes to remain relevant, and once they gain power, they use it as they wish. More than two years after taking power, the APC has not been able to define what it had in mind when it campaigned on the platform of “change”. It has not been able to hold a Convention or form a Board of Trustees. Its leaders are divided, the government it has put in place is hobbled by inter-agency/intra-governmental rivalry and misunderstanding. It has proven to be no better, if not worse than the PDP it replaced. In the elections that have been held under the watch of the APC, be it in Ondo, Edo or Anambra, electoral integrity was a problem; whatever irregularities or chicanery may have been on display at the PDP convention are not alien to the APC or any other Nigerian political party. This is the big picture for informed consideration.
But we rightly complain about the PDP, because we had thought that given the humiliation it has suffered since its exit from power, given also, the winner-takes-it-all and vindictive posture of the ruling APC, and given, if we may add, the obvious failure and refusal of the APC to impress the people with quality governance, the leaders of the PDP would do everything to project their party unto a higher pedestal and regain the confidence of the Nigerian people. On Saturday, December 9, they failed to do so. They ended up showing that they have learnt no lessons at all, and that they are perhaps incapable of learning. December 9 was the United Nations International Day Against Corruption. The label of corruption has been the worst stigma that the PDP has had to deal with in its short but eventful history. Rather than use the occasion of its Convention to market itself positively, the party delivered in broad daylight, a Convention that was a loud promotion of corruption, and a brazen mockery of the Buhari administration's heavily conflicted campaign against corruption.
Long before the voting began, the news had been abroad that a certain Governor, namely Nyesom Wike of Rivers State had been going about insisting that his candidate, Uche Secundus must be the next Chairman of the party. Secundus, in his own right, a tested politician, and a man of great ability, had also been quoted saying it was the turn and the right of the South-South to produce the next Chairman of the PDP, regardless of an advertised agreement that the party's Chairmanship should be zoned to the South West. The main story was that Wike is the new financier of the party and that at the critical moment when the party was drowning and seeking survival, it was Wike who came to the rescue with financial oxygen. The PDP went to the Convention of December 9 amidst loud whispers about how the party was about to be hijacked by highest bidders. Delegates were reportedly informed that if they voted in a certain manner, they would get a sum of N500, 000, an amount that reportedly went up to $10, 000 per delegate. Nobody controverted the story even as one of the founding fathers of the party protested that the Convention should not be sold to the highest bidder.
The suspicions and the whispers gained greater currency and verisimilitude, when just before the Convention, one of the Chairmanship aspirants, Chief Olabode George, withdrew from the Chairmanship race. He accused Governor Wike of manipulating the process and of insulting the Yoruba race. Wike had reportedly appeared on television to tell the South West aspirants to forget their ambition because the Yoruba have never contributed much to the PDP. The witchcraft of ethnic marginalization and victimization is a convenient deus ex machina for aggrieved Nigerian politicians. Bode George dragged it out and railed in purplish prose: “Everywhere you look, the Yoruba people are now being brazenly insulted…The Peoples Democratic Party has now mangled and distorted its soul and spirit…There is no sanity or any sense of enlightened civility.” Events moved quickly as other South West aspirants withdrew from the race and announced Professor Tunde Adeniran as their consensus candidate. The only other South West candidate who remained in the race, Professor Taoheed Adedoja got zero vote at the end of the day. He too must have been so incensed he probably refused to vote for himself in protest! It was an interesting day.
- Advertisement -
Still, before the voting began, a so-called Unity List showed up at the venue of the Convention. It was distributed to delegates and it soon found its way into social media. Envelopes of dollar notes were also allegedly distributed. When the voting began, all the names on the Unity List were listed first and strategically positioned and when the results were tallied, all the names on the Unity List won. Note this: before that announcement, Governor Ayo Fayose had appeared on AIT Television where he boasted arrogantly that whoever was not happy with the outcome of the elective Convention had no option but to accept the results. Other Governors also said they had reached a consensus to support Uche Secundus and the Unity List.
The question is: what was the purpose of the Convention then? If the new leaders of the party had been selected, the main business of the December 9 Convention should have been a ratification of the Unity List and not a so-called election. Uche Secundus and his Unity team may be capable men and women, but the process that has produced them is greatly flawed. It was to all intents and purposes a kangaroo process about which questions of legitimacy may be rightfully raised. It is even more worrisome, that whereas there were 2, 115 registered delegates, the final vote count of 2, 297 exceeded that number. Were there ghosts at the Convention?
Professor Tunde Adeniran who walked out of the Convention in protest got merely 230 votes. Raymond Aleogho Dokpesi and Gbenga Daniel, also Chairmanship aspirants, have congratulated Uche Secondus, but the party is at the moment in the throes of a silence of the graveyard. It is not a comfortable place for a political party to be. The Governors and their allies who have currently seized control of the PDP may have done greater damage to the PDP than the Ali Modu Sheriff faction that failed. In the days to come, nobody may defect from the PDP on account of this Convention, and no person may go to court to ask for the cancellation of its outcome but it is risky to alienate significant segments of the party as has been done. This omission and the triumph of a cash-for-position politics was one of the many factors that divided the party and robbed it of victory in the 2015 general elections.
Wike, Fayose and their co-travellers are said to be the new PDP panjandrums. Governor Wike, Governor Fayose and the new boys on the block who have taken control of the PDP should moderate their triumphalism. They should remember the words of the sage who said that those whose palm kernels have been cracked for them by benevolent spirits should learn to be humble. They should ask the elders of the party to tell them some stories about the past. Governor Gbenga Daniel who was frog-jumped out of the race, and who was not even allowed to add a candidate to the Unity List was once a powerful PDP decision-maker. The same is the case for Donald Duke, Liyel Imoke, Obong Victor Attah, Sir Peter Odili, Sanimu Turaki, Abdullahi Adamu, Ahmed Muazu, Achike Udenwa, James Ibori, Lucky Igbinedion… but where are they all today? Governor Olusegun Mimiko, most recently of Ondo state, and some other yesterday men did not even bother to attend the December 9 Convention.
Anyhow, my fear is that all the partners who contributed candidates to the Unity List and shared the positions among themselves are not working with any defined purpose other than their selfish interests. As they soon abandoned one another after endorsing the caretaker Chairmanship of Ali Modu Sheriff, they may again soon part ways when the differences in their motives swim to the surface. The victim will again be the party. This is indeed sad because the APC has performed so poorly in power there is no reason why it should beat the PDP in 2019.
But if the PDP does not quickly put its fallen house in order, it will fall into its own grave. Since it lost power at the centre, Nigerians had looked up to the PDP to provide a robust opposition to the new ruling party. The party continues to fail woefully in this regard. The opposition to the Buhari administration has been majorly self-inflicted; it is not because of any creativity on the part of the PDP or any other political party. The opposition has come mainly from a disappointed electorate that was promised change but got stasis, promised prosperity but received penury, offered hope but handed despair, motion instead of movement, opaqueness in place of transparency.
Bode George dismissed the PDP Convention as “brazen fraud and absolutely preconceived, monetized, mercantilist Convention”. Political party corruption is the stimulus for corruption in the larger society. The crisis of internal democracy within our political parties remains a major challenge in Nigerian democracy. If the PDP must survive, new Chairman Uche Secundus and his Unity team must address the crisis of legitimacy of their own becoming. They must ensure that the PDP does not go into the 2019 elections as a divided and incapacitated party. Secundus, now Nulli Secundus, should adopt a total approach by reaching out immediately to all aggrieved parties, and show that he is an independent umpire as the PDP begins the search for a Presidential standard bearer. He must disown the ethnic umbrella of his Chairmanship and project himself as an unbiased, open-minded party leader and as his own man. Whatever may have happened at the Convention, he can still keep the party whole and together, since in any case, Nigerian politicians are always ever so circumspect and cowardly in a situation like this – nobody may take the principled position of going to court to challenge the irregularities at the Convention.
- Advertisement -
The Ebira People's Association Kano Chapter on Sunday organised a medical outreach during which it offered free consultations and drugs to 200 of its members.
The Chairman of the association, Mr Mahmud Ozigi, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) that the idea came when he assumed leadership of the body.
He said that he had a responsibility as a health practitioner to contribute to provision of health care delivery for members.
According to him, “This is just a pioneer outreach and we target 200 patients to benefit from maiden programme yet we can accommodate more people if need be.
“We got our funding through donation from members as well as selfless service of health practitioners within the association.''
Ozigi further explained that the association made adequate plans to continue such outreach services three times in a year.
- Advertisement -
He, however, revealed that the association would in the near future, offer the services to the immediate community within which they resided as part of its corporate responsibilities.
The chairman of the Task committee on the outreach, Dr Sulaiman Omeiza of National Orthopaedic Hospital Dala, said it offered free consultation and drugs to all members.
He added that it made provision for follow-up for members who needed the service within various hospitals across the state.
Some beneficiaries expressed their gratitude for the outreach and prayed for its sustainability.
An elder in the community that benefitted, Malam Tijjani Muhammed, commended the foresight of the new leadership.
Another female beneficiary, Malama Rakiya Isa, expressed satisfaction with the programme that made women happier after it was brought to their door steps.
President Muhammadu Buhari Tuesday night approved the appointment of two new Medical Directors and the re-appointment of four others across six Federal Medical Centers.
This was made known in a statement, by the Director, Media and Public Relations in the Federal Ministry of Health, Mrs. Boade Akinola.
According to the statement the newly appointed medical directors and centers are: “Dr. Liasu Adeagbo Ahmed, Medical Director, Federal Medical Centre, Owo, Ondo State. Dr. Abudulkareem Jika Yusuf- Medical Director, Federal Neuro- Psychiatric Hospital, Kaduna State.
“Others are Dr. Aliyu Muhammad El-Ladan, Medical Director, National Obstetric Fistula Centre, Katsina State. Dr. Abubakar Musa, Medical Director, Federal Medical Centre, Nguru, Yobe State.
”Also appointed are Dr. Nasir Ibrahim Umar, Medical Director, National Obstetric Fistula Centre, Bauchi State. And Dr. Abduallhi Ibrahim, Medical Director, Federal Medical Centre, Azare, Bauchi State.
“The Minister of State for Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, congratulated the new appointees and charged them to work with all stakeholders in the Health Sector for industrial peace and in support of Mr. President's Change Agenda.”
South Korea's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup have received a huge boost after talismanic forward Son Heung-min made a surprise appearance for English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
SEOUL: South Korea's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup have received a huge boost after talismanic forward Son Heung-min made a surprise appearance for English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Son broke his right forearm on international duty in June and had been expected to miss about three months of action, potentially ruling him out of the Koreans' last two qualifiers against Iran on Aug. 31 and Uzbekistan five days later.
However, with the dynamic wide man coming off the bench in Spurs' 2-0 win over Newcastle United, South Korea coach Shin Tae-yong was hopeful Son would be fighting fit for the upcoming Asian qualifiers.
"He looked a lot better than I'd expected, though he still seemed a bit careful in physical battles," Yonhap News agency quoted Shin as saying on Monday.
"I wasn't sure if he would even be on the bench for the match. If he gets a couple more matches under his belt, then I am sure he'll be even better."
South Korea are second in Group A, seven points behind the already qualified Iran but only a point above third-placed Uzbekistan, who next play China away.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Only the top two from the group qualify automatically for Russia in 2018, while third earns a playoff against the third-placed team in Group B and another playoff against a side from the North American, Central American and Caribbean region.
Shin, who replaced Uli Stielike as coach after Korea's defeat in Qatar in June, also included Ki Sung-yueng in his 26-man squad, despite the Swansea City midfielder not expected to recover from a knee injury until mid-September.
Shin has said Ki's experience on and off the pitch is invaluable for the team and he would include him in the squad regardless of his fitness.
(Writing by Peter Rutherford; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Jenkins Twp. Board of Supervisors will meet Wednesday at 7 p.m. in the township Municipal Building, 46½ Main St., Inkerman. For more information please contact the municipal building at 570-654-3315.
Lyon head coach Bruno Genesio has confirmed that Memphis Depay will be fined after failing to report for training on the first day of pre-season preparations at the Ligue 1 club.
Depay, who scored 19 goals in 36 league appearances as Lyon finished third in 2017-18, has been linked with a transfer to AC Milan after hitting a rich vein of form in France.
He joined Lyon in January 2017 on a four-and-a-half-year deal after falling out of favour at Manchester United under Jose Mourinho, but his time at Groupama Stadium could be coming to an end.
At his first press conference of the season, Genesio told reporters: “I'm happy to see [the squad] again. One player out of 27 is missing. It's Memphis Depay.
“He will be punished financially when he returns. He had five weeks of vacation like everyone else.”
It is unclear if the 24-year-old's absence from training has anything to do with attempting to secure a move away from the club.
Depay made over 120 appearances before a move to United, but he flattered to deceive, scoring just seven times in 53 appearances.
He has also won 38 caps for the Netherlands.
RENO, Nev. — Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook "black people food" — not "white people food" — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination. Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West "safaris" on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort. Appling alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. He says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line.
Governor Umaru Tanko Al-Makura of Nasarawa State, has warned middlemen against hoarding of fertilizers products in the state.
Al-Makura gave the warning in Kwandere, a suburb of Lafia, the state capital, during the official flag off of the sales of fertilizer for 2018 farming season.
The governor, disclosed that state government has commission a China company to study soil texture to produce the appropriate fertilizer for the state.
“My dear farmers, ladies and gentlemen, let me warn that no individual or group should purchase the commodity in order to sell at exorbitant rates to the actual farmers. Government has devised strategies of apprehending anybody who indulges in this unwholesome act and shall be dealt decisively”
“I need to point out that, in our determination to harness the agricultural potentials in the State, Government has procured four fertilizer blending plants from China which have been installed in each of the three senatorial zone of the State. In this connection, we have invited experts that will study the various soil textures with a view to determining which brand of fertilizer to be produced for which soil texture”
“Similarly, we have also keyed into the Federal Government Anchor Borrowers' Programme (ABP) intended to create a linkage between Ancho companies involved in processing Agricultural commodities and provision of farm inputs such as fertilizer, improved seeds and herbicides, as well as soft loans to Small Holder Farmers (SHFs). In this connection, Government has identified 3000 farmers for rice production and 1000 farmers for sesame to benefit from the Ancho-borrowers' scheme”
“At this juncture, let me take the liberty of this occasion to call on all and sundry to continue to preach peace and harmonious co-existence among the diverse groups in the State. This is the only way we can be sure of sustainable agricultural production that can enhance growth and development of the State,” he said.
SCRANTON — It's official.
The monumental marriage between Scranton's medical college and Geisinger Health System closed on the legal pieces of its integration, according to a Geisinger statement released Sunday.
Employees, faculty and administrators with the newly named Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine, which also changes today from the Commonwealth Medical College, become Geisinger employees, effective Sunday, after the deal received approval from both state and federal education departments.
“Joining together a world-class health system and health plan with a young, innovative school of medicine will make our region a hub for medical education, research and discovery,” Geisinger CEO David T. Feinberg, M.D., said in the statement.
Medical school President and Dean Steven J. Scheinman, M.D. , keeps his current titles and dons two more caps: Geisinger's chief academic officer and an executive vice president.
Virginia McGregor of Scranton, a Geisinger Health System board member, had chaired the board at Community Medical Center in 2012 when Geisinger acquired the hospital.
The positions have given her a front-row seat as Geisinger completed now two significant acquisitions in the Electric City.
The medical college, Community Medical Center and Geisinger all began at the ground level, among local people with visions for better health in their communities, she said.
“When you look at this integration, it's a perfect fit,” she said. “We all started the same way, and I think it's terrific that we're ending up together.”
Where finances once threatened to become TCMC's Achilles' heel, Geisinger's acquisition gives the medical college stable footing.
The founders began building the medical college as the nation sunk deep into economic recession. Seeing it perched on the edge of failure, state Sen. John Blake, among other lawmakers in a bipartisan effort, revised state statutes that effectively barred standalone medical colleges from receiving federal grant money, he said. Most medical colleges rely on affiliations with hospital systems or larger universities.
With Geisinger's ongoing research, notably work in genetic study, he anticipates the medical college will benefit from even more research funding.
“They are bringing the weight of a lot of very powerful people into this community,” Blake said. “The opportunity for them to leverage all the investment they've made in this community is really special.”
In exchange for its backing, Geisinger gains a steady pipeline of talent at a time when medical professionals find themselves in high demand.
“All health care systems struggle with the recruitment and retention of physicians,” McGregor said. “And the medical school was looking for a partner, and we're thrilled that they chose Geisinger.”
joconnell@timesshamrock.com, @jon_oc
July 6, 2006: The Medical College of Northeastern Pennsylvania is first announced. It was the first new allopathic, medical-degree-granting school in the state since 1966.
Aug. 13, 2007: Name is changed to the Commonwealth Medical College.
March 5, 2008: Officials release plans for proposed 185,000-square-foot campus; cost is estimated at
$115 million.
April 7, 2008: Officials ink $1 million deal with the Scranton School District for property on Pine Street, the future home of TCMC.
Aug. 19, 2008: Groundbreaking ceremony held on site of the Pine Street property. College officials announce they have reached refigured $120 million fundraising goal.
Oct. 6, 2008: The college receives preliminary accreditation from the Liaison Committee on Medical Education, and enrollment starts for the 2009 fall semester.
April 25-26, 2008: Crews pour the cement foundation at 525 Pine St.
Aug. 16, 2009: The medical college holds its first convocation at Lackawanna College, marking its official opening for 65 students: 25 women and 40 men.
May 1, 2010: 13 students receive Masters of Biomedical Sciences at the college's first commencement ceremony.
July 20, 2011: The medical college's home on Pine Street officially opens.
March 31, 2012: Medical college and University of Scranton officials consider an affiliation; two months later, they abandon talks.
June 14, 2012: Liaison Committee on Medical Education grants the medical college provisional accreditation.
August 2, 2012: Steven J. Scheinman, M.D., is named president and dean.
May 10, 2013: Medical college graduates its first class of 57 students during a ceremony at Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza in Wilkes-Barre Township.
July 10, 2014: Medical college receives full accreditation from the Liaison Committee on Medical Education.
Sept. 28: Geisinger Health System announces that it will acquire the medical college and rename it Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine.
Kuwait
On 27 November 2017, a Kuwaiti appeals court sentenced 67 citizens, including a prominent opposition leader, current and former members of parliament and a human rights defender to between one and seven years in jail over accusations of storming Parliament in 2011. The Gulf Center for Human Rights has called the charges "fabricated" and the trial "unfair". Prominent opposition leader Musallam Al-Barrak, who had been released in April after serving two years in prison, was sentenced to nine years, and human rights defender Suleiman Bin Jassim, co-founder of the National Committee for Monitoring Violations, was sentenced to five.
Bahrain
Bahraini authorities doubled down on a crackdown on opposition figures this month. Despite an international campaign calling on the European Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States to raise, both publicly and privately, the case of Nabeel Rajab, one of the Gulf's most prominent human rights defenders, and call for his release, an appeals court on 22 November rejected his appeal and upheld a two-year sentence against him. Rajab, who has been languishing in prison since 13 June 2016, is also facing charges in another trial that could lead to up to 15 years in prison. The Bahrain Center for Human Rights (BCHR), of which Rajab is co-founder, the Gulf Center for Human Rights, Americans for Democracy and Human Rights in Bahrain, and Index on Censorship have all published statements decrying the court's decision.
Rajab was not the only critic of the regime targeted by the courts in the past month. A blogger and a journalist arbitrarily convicted on terrorism charges were sentenced to life imprisonment and 15 years in prison, respectively. Using a "more silent weapon of censorship", as UN Special Rapporteur for freedom of opinion and expression David Kaye described it, Bahraini authorities prevented Nedal Al Salman, Head of International Relations and Women's and Children's Rights Advocacy at BCHR, from traveling outside Bahrain. This is the latest of several incidents in which Ms. Al Salman has been placed under travel ban and thus restricted from participating in international fora.
Morocco
In Morocco, as reported by Reporters Without Borders, an ongoing trial of 54 detainees related to their involvement in the northern region's Hirak movement has been characterized by mistreatment in both the prison and the courts. Amongst the detainees are a journalist, and five citizen journalists and media workers. Badil.info news website editor Hamid El Mahdaoui has been in solitary confinement for several months, his colleague Rabiaa El Ablak began a third hunger strike on 9 November and all 54 defendants are being prosecuted unjustly under the criminal code and the law on public gatherings.
Egypt
This month, as Egypt reels from the deadliest terrorist attack in its modern history, President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi, who claims to have made fighting terrorism his number one priority, continues to pour state resources into targeting those who dare criticize his policies - and he continues to do it under the pretext of countering terror.
In a 24 November joint letter to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, 11 organisations including IFEX members PEN International, ARTICLE 19, and Index on Censorship, listed the many tactics the Sisi regime uses to systematically crack down on free expression. The letter stated that authorities in Egypt use the judicial system by employing the repressive protest law, terrorism law, and media and publishing law to prosecute journalists, activists, opposition figures, and human rights defenders. Some of the most severe violations at the hands of the security forces include: summary executions, enforced disappearances, torture, rape, arbitrary arrests, and unfair trials.
In the most recently reported incident, according the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information, liberal satirist Islam Al Rifai was abducted and disappeared on 16 November. Al Rifai was accused of belonging to a dangerous group and was detained for 15 days pending investigation. A recent Human Rights Watch report comprehensively documented the routine torture that political detainees are subjected to in Egypt's prisons. In an in-depth piece published on 29 November, the Association for Freedom of Thought and Association shed some light on the case of imprisoned journalist Ismail al Eskandarani, who had completed two years in administrative detention at the time of publishing. According to RSF's database of jailed journalists, al Eskandarani is one of 14 journalists currently imprisoned in Egypt.
Also this month, ANHRI launched a new website, in both English and Arabic, dedicated to documenting in detail every public interest case currently in the courts post-2011.
In Brief
In Libya on 3 November, forces belonging to the UN-backed government stormed a comic book festival Comic Con, in Tripoli. They arrested festival organizers, confiscated computers, and then shut the event down. Organizers were accused of "carrying out acts of indecency and public immorality."
In Algeria this month, a fixer, who has been held by authorities since June, was formally indicted on a charge that carries a possible life sentence. An editor, who accused the government of financially strangling her independent newspaper, went on hunger strike on 13 November in protest. Hadda Hazem is not the first Algerian editor to resort to such action, and according to ANHRI, more than 60 Algerian newspapers have gone out of business for financial reasons since 2014.
In Iraq, a prominent writer and activist, Saad Salloum, and his colleagues at the Masarat Foundation for Cultural and Media Development, have been subjected to death threats by an unknown Islamic group this month. PEN International has publicly raised concern for Salloum and his colleagues' safety.
In the United Arab Emirates, on 9 November, two Swiss journalists were arrested and held in isolation for more than 50 hours. They suffered long interrogations in different locations, were blindfolded when transferred, and had to sign confessions in Arabic without knowledge of the contents. They were released on 11 November and allowed to return to Switzerland but had to leave behind all confiscated equipment.
Five years ago this month British reporter John Cantlie was kidnapped in Syria. RSF has called on the British government to renew efforts to secure his immediate release.
Gender in Focus
SINGAPORE: The name of the permanent World War II exhibition, Syonan Gallery: War and Its Legacies, does not express approval of the Japanese Occupation, said Minister for Communications and Information Yaacob Ibrahim on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Speaking at the official opening of the gallery at the historic Old Ford Factory at Upper Bukit Timah, where the British formally surrendered to the Japanese 75 years ago, Dr Yaacob said the exhibition remembers what the pioneer generation went through, commemorates the generation of Singaporeans who experienced the Occupation and reaffirms the nation's collective commitment “never to let this happen again”.
“The name ‘Syonan Gallery' has evoked some strong reactions in our community, and quite understandably,” noted Dr Yaacob. “Some among older Singaporeans who lived through that dark period feel that the name legitimises the occupation. Others among them say that Syonan was a painful fact of history, and we should call it what it was.”
The gallery, which was formerly known as Memories at Old Ford Factory, was renamed after a year-long revamp by the National Archives of Singapore (NAS). To date, it has received more than 400 public donations, with items ranging from personal letters, diaries and photographs to war artefacts and maps.
“The reactions show us how indelible an imprint those three-and-a-half years had left on their lives and on Singapore,” added Dr Yaacob. “Younger Singaporeans did not have the same indelible life experience as their parents and grandparents. But I hope this gallery will give them a sense of what it was like to live through that dark period, and inspire all of us to build and defend our nation.”
Dr Yaacob also said the exhibition, which captures the dark and painful years after Singapore fell, reminds Singaporeans to "ever again take our peace, harmony and sovereignty for granted."
The Minister added that terrorism continues to be a significant threat facing the world today, as he cited incidents in Orlando, Paris, Nice, Sydney and Jakarta that occurred last year.
“Today, threats and challenges to our way of life continue to come in all shapes and sizes, and in increasingly diverse forms,” he said. “The true test of having remembered and learnt the lessons of war is that we live lives of courage and of resilience, every day, today. Far beyond having a strong defence force, we need to all do our part to build community, and to build harmony."
A traditional weapon presentation ceremony was also held for the Singapore Armed Forces recruits from the 2nd Battalion, Singapore Infantry Regiment at the former Ford Factory to “demonstrate the young soldiers' commitment to defence”, the Ministry of Defence said.
The building was gazetted as a national monument in 2006.
Former winners Breton Rock & Richard Pankhurst among 22 chasing Hungerford Stakes glory on Betfred Ladies Day with Olly Murs Posted by racenews on Monday, August 14, 2017 · Leave a Comment
Newbury Racecourse stages Betfred Ladies Day with Olly Murs, on Saturday, August 19, when the highlight of the seven-race card is the £150,000 G2 Betfred Hungerford Stakes (3.35pm, 22 confirmations).
Contenders for the seven-furlong contest include 2014 winner Breton Rock (David Simcock) who was right back to his best last time out when a shock 50/1 winner of the G2 Lennox Stakes at Goodwood on August 1.
Several of those behind Breton Rock at Goodwood may re-oppose, most notably G1 Diamond Jubilee Stakes fourth Librisa Breeze (Dean Ivory) and Irish raider Spirit Of Valor (Aidan O'Brien IRE), an impressive G2 winner over this distance at the Curragh on his previous start.
Top-rated Massaat (Owen Burrows) is set to have his first start since finishing last of seven in the G3 Sovereign Stakes in August, 2016. The four-year-old boasts some top-class form having finished second in the G1 Dewhurst Stakes and 2,000 Guineas, both at Newmarket.
Last year's winner, Godolphin's Richard Pankhurst, is one of four horses going forward for trainer John Gosden along with recent G3 runner-up Eternally. The Newmarket handler also has a pair of G3-winning fillies in Nathra and Daban, both owned by Abdullah Saeed Al Naboodah.
Nathra, runner-up in last year's French 1,000 Guineas, was sixth on her comeback in a Listed race at Ascot on July 28, while three-year-old Daban was third to Winter in the 1,000 Guineas at Newmarket before finishing sixth in the G3 Jersey Stakes at Royal Ascot.
Bruce Raymond, racing manager for Abdullah Saeed Al Naboodah, said: “Nathra and Daban have been left in the Betfred Hungerford Stakes and John will make a decision later in the week.
“I think you can put a line through Nathra's run at Ascot. It was her first run for a long time and she got boxed in and had nowhere to go.
“Daban is in good form and working nicely from what I have seen. I thought she looked a bit one-paced at Royal Ascot.”
Raymond also racing manager for Sheikh Rashid Dalmook Al Maktoum, owner of Jersey Stakes third Mubtasim (William Haggas), and added: “Mubtasim is a likely runner at Newbury. I don't know whether or not he would be good enough to win a Hungerford, but he is working at his very best at the moment.”
Other eye-catching names include G2 Summer Mile runner-up Kaspersky (Jane Chapple-Hyam) and Cheveley Park Stud's Spangled (Roger Varian), not seen out since capturing the G3 Sceptre Stakes at Doncaster in September.
The main supporting race on Betfred Ladies Day with Olly Murs is the £60,000 G3 Betfred Geoffrey Freer Stakes (2.25pm, 12 entries) over an extended 13 furlongs. Open to three-year-olds and upwards, the pick of the older horses engaged are Agent Murphy (Brian Meehan), winner of this contest in 2015 and Godolphin'sFrontiersman (Charlie Appleby), who put up his best performance this season when runner-up to Highland Reel in the G1 Coronation Cup at Epsom Downs in June.
Trainer Andrew Balding could be doubly represented with the three-year-olds Count Octave, a neck runner-up in the G2 Queen's Vase at Royal Ascot and Oaks fourth Horseplay. The pair both hold entries in the final Classic of the season, the St Leger at Doncaster, along with Defoe (Roger Varian). Defoe is unbeaten in three starts this season but has yet to run in Group company while the other three-year-old entry is The Queen's Call To Mind (William Haggas), third behind Defoe last time out in a Listed contest at Hamilton Park.
The first thoroughbred race on Betfred Ladies Day with Olly Murs is the £25,500 Listed Denford Stakes (1.50pm, 16 entries), staged over seven furlongs for two-year-olds. This race boasts a fabulous roll of honour featuring future Classic winners Rodrigo De Triano, Lammtarra, Haafhd and Just The Judge. An intriguing contender for this race is The Queen's Learn By Heart (William Haggas), sired by the great Frankel and out of G2 winner Memory, who was an impressive scorer at Doncaster on June 30. Eye-catching maiden winners Dee Ex Bee (Mark Johnston) and Verandah (John Gosden) are other possible starters.
Betfred Ladies Day with Olly Murs runs through to 5.15pm, with the Betfred Ladies Day Derby Handicap for lady amateur riders bringing the racing action to a close. Proceeding the thoroughbred action at 1.20pm is the G2 Royal Cavalry of Oman Clarendon International Stakes, run over five furlongs for Purebred Arabian horses.
www.newburyracecourse.co.uk for further information. Admission tickets for Betfred Ladies Day with Olly Murs are sold out in all enclosures. The Racegoers Restaurant and upgrades to the Golden Circle are available – please visitfor further information.
There is also a seven-race at Newbury on Friday, August 18, running from 2.10pm through to 5.20pm. Friday's highlight is the £25,500 Listed Bathwick Tyres St Hugh's Stakes (3.45pm, 26 entries), run over five furlongs for two-year-old fillies. Two pony races in the Charles Owen Racecourse Series are scheduled to take place before racing.
In honor of Breast Cancer Awareness month, Bloomingdale's at Ala Moana Center is having a pink party on Saturday, October 7, from 1 -5pm in their cosmetics department. Shoppers will enjoy free pink themed activities including how to create the perfect pink pout, glitter tattoos and pink hair bling.
Donald Robertson has also designed an exclusive S'well bottle for Bloomingdale's that sells for $35, $19 of that will be donated to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation. General Manager, Carolyn Edward has details.
http://locations.bloomingdales.com/ala-moana-center
Games today
Cebu Coliseum
5 p.m. – SHS-AdC vs Don Bosco (High School)
6:3o p.m. – UV vs USPF (College)
The reigning champions University of the Visayas (UV) Green Lancers learned the lessons from their stunning opening-weekend loss and recovered to repulse the University of Cebu (UC) Webmasters, 72-61, in the 17th Cesafi men's basketball tournament on Sunday at the New Cebu Coliseum.
Playing with renewed focus and vigor following a 78-73 defeat to the University of San Carlos (USC) last Aug. 6, the Lancers grabbed their opponents by the throat early on and never let up en route to logging in their first win of the season.
ADVERTISEMENT
Tristan Albina and Jerome Napao played key roles in getting the Lancers' win as the former, a dynamic guard by way of Dumaguete City, had 17 points, while the latter, an energetic forward with a nose for the ball, added 11 points, seven rebounds, an assist, a steal and a blocked shot.
After a 20-17 start, the Green Lancers surged further in front with a 14-4 run that gave them a 34-23 lead. The Webmasters' Michael Gonzaga led an 8-0 run to help UC narrow the gap, 31-34, but the Green Lancers closed the first half with back-to-back triples from Albina and Jiesel Tarrosa to head to the dugout up, 40-31.
The Webmasters closed to within 42-46, but the Green Lancers held their ground and responded with eight unanswered points – a three-pointer by Napao, a flip shot by Liberian forward Bassiere Sackour and another triple by Josue Segumpan – to push their lead back to 12, 54-42, 2:38 left in the third.
UC last threatened at, 57-64, but Napao and Sackour quickly nipped that uprising with a putback and two free-throws.
Cameroonian big man Frederick Elombi paced UC, which dropped to 1-1, with 15 points. However, the foreigner was hardly efficient as he shot 6-for-18, and was especially woeful from the free-throw line, missing all but three of his 10 attempts there.
The Lancers will try for their second straight win today when they tangle with the University of Southern Philippines Foundation Panthers (1-1).
In high school action, the four-time defending champions Sacred Heart School-Ateneo de Cebu Magis Eagles will seek to soar to their third win in a row when they battle the formidable Don Bosco Greywolves (1-1).
The Scores:
UV (72) Albina 17, Napao 11, Segumpan 9, Sackour 8, Suerte 7, Maestre 6, Soliva 6, Testa 4, Tarrosa 3, Cabahug 1
UC (61) Elombi 15, Codilla 9, Tagudin 7, Dela Cruz 6, Jabello 6, Naong 6, Gonzaga 5, Puerto 4, Kishimoto 3
NEW YORK: Shares of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles surged on Monday (Aug 14) following a report that it is being targeted for a possible takeover by multiple Chinese companies.
US-traded shares of FCA were up 8.3 per cent at midday at US$12.57 after the trade publication Automobile News reported that Chinese companies were eyeing Fiat Chrysler as a way to enter the North American market.
FCA rejected at least one bid from an unnamed "well-known" Chinese company this month, while other large Chinese automakers were also conducting due diligence on the company, said Automobile News.
The publication said FCA executives travelled to China to meet with Great Wall Motor Co. Great Wall, created in 1984, sold more than a million cars last year under the Great Wall and Haval brands.
The article also mentioned other Chinese companies as potential suitors, but said it was unclear which ones would follow through.
FCA sells annually about 4.5 million cars and light trucks under brands that include Jeep, Dodge, Ram, Alfa-Romeo and Maserati, as well as its two namesake units. FCA spun off the Ferrari brand on Wall Street in October 2015 and Milan in January 2016.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The company's chief executive, Sergio Marchionne, has said repeatedly that he would like to merge FCA with another large company to realise better economies of scale.
Toronto Police are seeking a 16-year-old youth wanted in a reckless firearm mishap that nearly claimed the life of the teen's sibling.
At around 5 p.m. Saturday, police responded to reports of a person with a gun in the Jane St.-Sheppard Ave. W. area.
Police alleged the suspect was in his bedroom playing with a gun when it went off. The bullet smashed through the wall into an adjoining bedroom and into a mattress.
The teen's sibling was lying on the mattress at the time.
Tyrese Francis of Toronto is wanted for numerous weapons offences, including careless use of a firearm.
Francis also faces two counts of failure to comply with probation.
He's described as black, 5-foot-7 and 160 pounds. He has short dreadlocks was last seen wearing a black T-shirt and dark-coloured pants.
Judicial authorization to publish the underaged suspect's identity has been obtained until July 9, 2018.
Police consider him armed and dangerous, and urge anybody who spots him to call 911 immediately.
bpassifiume@postmedia.com
On Twitter: @bryanpassifiume
Two alleged drug personalities were arrested in a buy-bust operation in Purok Camote in Barangay Calero, Liloan town, Cebu at past 9 p.m. Tuesday, July 3.
The suspect was identified as Amador Manatad Jr., 31, and Felix Camamse, 34, from Barangay Tayud, Consolacion town.
Police Inspector Jay R Palcon of Liloan police said that twelve small-sized sachets of suspected drugs were recovered from the suspects.
The arrested persons are detained at Liloan police precinct pending the filing of drug charges against them.
Police in Turkey has warned parents to be careful after the news of two missing children and the discovery of their bodies instilled fear in the public.
The Turkish National Police's social media accounts listed a series of simple steps for parents to better monitor their children and warned against contacts with strangers. The warning comes two days after the body of four-year-old Leyla Aydemir, who went missing last month, was found in the eastern city of Ağrı and a week after the body of eight-year-old Eylül Yağlıkara was found with marks of torture in the capital Ankara. The manhunt to find four other missing children in four cities is still underway.
Police have instructed parents to not allow children to "have physical contact with people they do not know and keep a distance." They also urged parents to teach their children how to react when a complete stranger touches them.
Internet use also poses a danger for children as it exposes minors to a wider world of strangers. Police said parents should reconsider using their children's names on online posts and minimize sharing their photos online. Parents were also urged to make children memorize emergency numbers, like 155 and 156 for police and gendarme and 112 for medical emergency services. "Teach your child to stay away from strangers' cars and run the opposite direction against any possible danger. Teach him or her that they need to seek help from security forces if they get lost," the warning read. Children should also be taught code words against strangers. "Devise a family code word that the child can ask a stranger or teach them that they should ask a stranger approaching them if that person knows the names of his/her mother and father," police said.
Children should shout, "I don't know him/her" if the child feels in danger while approached by a stranger. They should also not take elevators with complete strangers. Parents were encouraged to use mobile tracking apps developed for child safety and use GPS services to locate them.
Hans Nordby, managing director of CoStar Portfolio Strategy, was a guest on the latest edition of Nareit's REIT Report podcast.
Nordby discussed some of the main factors influencing REIT valuations and what the sharp disconnect between public and private market real estate values could mean going forward.
0 2 alleged members of Felony Lane Gang, known to target moms, arrested
MATTHEWS, N.C. - Police in Matthews recently arrested two women who they said are part of a larger gang known to steal innocent people's identity information in order to commit fraud.
Investigators said that on April 18, workers at the State Employees Credit Union on Matthews Township Parkway reported that the two women, later identified as Dusty Wheaton and Alisha Mowery, had tried to fraudulently cash a check and ask about the account balance through the bank drive-through.
The pair then sped off in a silver Chevrolet Tahoe after being refused service.
Moments later, officers spotted the Tahoe and pulled it over, arresting both Wheaton and Mowery, charging them with possession of a stolen vehicle, attempting to obtain money by false pretense and financial card theft.
Detectives think the women were part of the “Felony Lane Gang” and police are trying to identify more suspects.
>> Read more trending news
According to police, the “Felony Lane Gang” is a group based out of Florida whose members commit car break-ins to steal financial and identity information that is later used to commit fraud.
They usually operate in groups of six to nine people and have been reported active in 34 states over at least the past five years, while accumulating several million dollars.
Detectives said the vehicles that are targeted for break-ins are typically driven by women and often found in parking lots of public parks, youth sporting facilitates, fitness center and day care centers.
Police said the criminals target “mom-driven" vehicles in hopes that the women will be more prone to leave their purse or wallet inside the vehicles because they'll be busy with their children.
While the male members of the group typically commit the car break-ins, females are recruited to impersonate the female victim at the bank for the fraudulent transaction, police said.
The women will alter their appearance as much as possible, including wearing wigs, to look like the victim during the transaction, and police said they will go through the farthest outer teller lane of the bank drive-through, which is where the name “Felony Lane Gang” comes from, in a rental car that has been fraudulently rented under the name of a previous victim.
Anyone with information regarding this case is asked to call Detective Stacy Cooper, with the Matthews Police Department, at 704-847-5555.
For more information about this group, you can follow the Felony Lane Gang Task Force, click here.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
SINGAPORE: A motorcyclist was taken to hospital after an accident involving a car along the Pan-Island Expressway (PIE) on Tuesday (Dec 12).
The police said they were alerted to an accident involving a car and a motorcycle along the PIE towards Tuas near Stevens Road exit at around 8.30am.
The male motorcyclist was taken conscious to Tan Tock Seng Hospital.
The accident involved a car and a motorcycle along the PIE. (Photo: Jason Leong)
Finance manager Jason Leong, 40, told Channel NewsAsia that he was on a bus when he saw a traffic jam at the Whitley Road entrance onto the PIE.
"I saw an uncle who had fallen off his motorcycle and his face and hands were bleeding," said Mr Leong.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There was also an SCDF vehicle "ferrying a number of SCDF men" at the scene, he added.
"Upon seeing the accident, the officers immediately got off the lorry and headed to assist the uncle. Some of them were assisting to direct traffic."
There were also two cars parked along the emergency stopping lane, and people from those cars also got out to help, said Mr Leong.
"When I saw the uncle, he was already on the floor. He was conscious when the officers were helping him."
Police investigations are ongoing.
U.S., Middle East allied forces complete Eagle Resolve exercises
by Ryan Maass
Washington (UPI) Apr 17, 2017
Allied forces from the Middle East and the United States recently completed a series of military exercises in Kuwait.
The training event, known as Eagle Resolve 2017, involved U.S. troops training alongside forces from the Gulf Cooperation Council, a league of Arab monarchies including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
Roughly 1,000 U.S. military personnel participated alongside more than 3,000 Gulf Cooperation Council troops.
"Working together, understanding one another, understanding each other's tactics, techniques and procedures for responding to threats enhance all of our capabilities," Maj. Gen. Ralph Groover said in a press release.
The U.S. Army says the three-week exercise involved land, air and maritime forces conducting search-and-seizure simulation, chemical threat drills, and border security maneuvers. Other drills also aimed to better prepare participants for counter-terrorism operations.
"We are concerned about defending our gulf, defending ourselves, our states and our nations," Kuwait's Lt. Gen. Mohammed Khaled Al-Khader added. "What is important for us is our continuous training so we can achieve the required level of fighting readiness."
Nicosia (AFP) April 15, 2017
Cyprus is at a vital moment in its UN-backed peace process aimed at reunifying the island, President Nicos Anastasiades said Saturday, but admitted that differences with his Turkish Cypriot negotiating partner remained. "We find ourselves before critical and defining developments for the future of our homeland," Anastasiades said in a televised Easter address. The Mediterranean resort is ... read more
Related Links
This statement was originally published on rsf.org on 14 November 2017.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF) deplores US President Donald Trump's treatment of the press while on a ten day trip to Asia, which included stops in several countries that are home to some of the worst press freedom predators. The trip demonstrates a continuing decline in the US government's willingness to defend press freedom in its bilateral and multilateral relationships with other countries.
As press freedom has been on a steady downward trend in the United States of America, President Donald Trump took some of his restrictive anti-press practices with him on his official trip to Asia last week. From denying reporters access to certain events, to refusing to take questions, Trump was able to give the leaders of China, Vietnam and the Philippines a front-row seat to his disdain for freedom of the press.
Past presidents have typically made it a point to take journalists' questions during trips abroad as a political showing of America's commitment to the First Amendment. Former President Obama was heavily criticized for not allowing questions on his first trip there in 2009, but convinced the Chinese press secretary to take questions when he returned five years later. These official visits have usually been an opportunity for reporters to question foreign officials about issues typically off limits to local reporters, like a given country's human rights record. For example, during Obama's trip in 2014, a New York Times reporter was able to question China's restrictive visa policies that targeted foreign journalists.
No questions allowed at press conference per Chinese request
However, this wasn't the case with Trump. American reporters following the President on the China portion of his trip were not given the opportunity to ask either Trump or Chinese President Xi Jinping questions during a joint "press conference" that took place November 9. Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders stated "It was at the Chinese insistence there were no questions today."
Though both Trump and Xi Jinping are known for their hostility towards the press, there is a notable difference between the two countries that makes Trump's refusal to take questions more concerning. In addition to being the largest prison in the world for both professional and citizen journalists, China has routinely denied medical care to journalists who fall ill in detention. This recently lead to two deaths, including that of Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo.
While China may be one of the worst offenders in RSF's 2017 World Press Freedom Index (176/180 countries), Vietnam ranks just above it. Yet Trump failed to defend access for his press pool there as well.
Access to APEC summit in Vietnam restricted
During the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit that took place in Danang, Vietnam on November 10 and 11, the White House press corps' access to key events was severely limited, leaving many journalists wondering what was happening behind closed doors. First, reporters were barred from covering an APEC dinner on the 10th, which featured guests like Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin. The press' exclusion from the dinner was all the more significant given that the investigation into Trump campaign collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential election and the White House's repeated denial are currently dominating media coverage in the US.
On November 11, the majority of the White House press pool were kept in a separate room and barred from covering a photo-op between Trump and other Asian leaders. However, A Fox News camera crew and an official White House photographer were permitted to cover the event and tasked with sharing their footage with the rest of the pool.
Restricting reporters' access while in Vietnam, which ranks 175 out of 180 countries on RSF's 2017 World Press Freedom Index, is certainly an odd way to display American exceptionalism in freedom of information. The Vietnamese government has systematically criminalized freedom of expression during the past year by means of censorship, arbitrary detention and covert state violence. At least 25 bloggers have been arrested or deported. Yet this issue was never able to be raised publicly during the trip due to access restrictions.
"How is the US government supposed to advocate for press freedom abroad when it can't even guarantee access to its own journalists traveling with the President?" asks Margaux Ewen, Advocacy and Communications Director for RSF North America. "Leaders of some of the most repressive countries in the world for journalists are witnessing just how little the American President values the First Amendment, which is completely detrimental to any future US efforts to push for the release of bloggers and reporters in places like China and Vietnam, or greater protection for journalists in the Philippines."
"President Trump is providing the region's authoritarian leaders with a blank check," added Daniel Bastard, the head of RSF's Asia-Pacific desk. "APEC's members should remind their partners of the need to respect fundamental rights as, for example, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done, albeit cautiously, while in Vietnam and the Philippines."
Duterte's anti-press insults a laughing matter for Trump
When asked about the lack of coverage during the summit on Saturday, Press Secretary Sanders claimed she didn't realize media access would be as limited during the trip and pledged to rectify that during the remainder of the trip in the Philippines. Yet by Monday, November 13, the President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte was calling journalists "spies" while posing for pictures before a bilateral meeting with Trump. Duterte's jab was made in response to a reporter's question of whether President Trump would discuss human rights abuses while in the Philippines, following harsh criticism of Duterte's infamous "drug war," which has resulted in thousands of extrajudicial killings. Shortly after Duterte's comments, which merely elicited laughter from Trump, journalists were escorted out of the room and weren't allowed to ask any further questions.
Over the past year, four journalists have been killed in the Philippines in relation to their work, with Duterte's anti-press rhetoric becoming increasingly violent. He once infamously claimed that "just because you're a journalist you are not exempted from assassination, if you're a son of a bitch." Referring to corrupt journalists at the time, he added that "you won't be killed if you don't do anything wrong." That the US president should find comments like these a laughing matter represents a serious blow to the democratic principles that lay the foundation of the United States of America.
The Philippines ranks 127 out of 180 countries on RSF's 2017 World Press Freedom Index. The United States ranks 43rd.
The losses from Toshiba power projects "could topple a company whose roots go back to 1875, the dawn of Japan's modern era."
The turmoil at Toshiba intensified Tuesday as the conglomerate projected a $6.3 billion writedown, wiping out shareholder equity, and said its chairman had resigned.
Toshiba also delayed its earnings report because of allegations of impropriety, sending its shares down 8% in Tokyo trading. The numbers that were eventually released have yet to be approved by its auditor and Toshiba cautioned investors that a major revision was possible.
The writedown reflects higher-than-expected cost overruns at U.S. power projects handled by Stone & Webster, which Toshiba's Westinghouse unit acquired in December 2015 from Chicago Bridge & Iron Co. Toshiba had previously warned that it might have to book a charge of “several billion U.S. dollars.”
“The losses have gotten so big that they could topple a company whose roots go back to 1875, the dawn of Japan's modern era,” The Wall Street Journal said.
Toshiba has also struggled recently with the decline of its consumer business and an accounting scandal tied to about $1.2 billion in overstated operating profits. As a result of the writedown, it now expects a 390 billion yen ($3.4 billion) net loss for the full year.
The company also ended 2016 with negative shareholder equity due to the charge, leaving just a month and a half to find ways to get back above zero before the March 31 fiscal year-end. Shareholder equity totaled only $3 billion in the wake of the accounting scandal.
Toshiba's executives “have come under intense scrutiny because of the financial mess and the years of flawed business decisions that led to it,” The New York Times noted.
The resignation of one of those executives, chairman Shigenori Shiga, was announced Tuesday. The former Westinghouse boss moved into the position last year in response as the accounting scandal shook up Toshiba's upper ranks.
“Finally now people are starting to recognize that internal control problems, the accounting issues and governance issues are very real and no longer abstract,” Zuhair Khan, an analyst at Jefferies in Tokyo, told Reuters. “They impact the viability of the company.”
Share:
PARIS-Olivier Giroud and Nabil Fekir were on target as France stepped up their World Cup preparations by beating the Republic of Ireland 2-0 in Paris on Monday evening.
Chelsea striker Giroud bundled in the opener at the Stade de France, and Lyon captain Fekir -- who has been linked with a move to Liverpool -- got the second just before the break, with a helping hand from Ireland goalkeeper Colin Doyle.
It was a very comfortable victory for Didier Deschamps' side in the first of three friendly matches before they head to Russia. Les Bleus will also host Italy in Nice on Friday and the United States in Lyon on June 9, with their opening World Cup fixture against Australia in Kazan on June 16.
"The game maybe didn't meet all my expectations, but we controlled it well, got the breakthrough before half-time and our movement was good, so there were plenty of good things to take from it," said Deschamps. France's strength in depth, showcased here on a night of torrential rain, thunder and lightning, means they are among the contenders to win the World Cup, 20 years after becoming world champions on home soil.
However, bigger tests lie in wait than that provided by Martin O'Neill's Ireland side. The visitors started with seven players who turned out in the English Premier League this season, but they hardly got near the ball all evening.
France were not at full strength, with goalkeeper Hugo Lloris, Paul Pogba, N'Golo Kante and Antoine Griezmann starting on the bench. Raphael Varane has not yet joined up with the squad after winning the Champions League with Real Madrid at the weekend. However, Deschamps handed a fifth cap to Benjamin Mendy, the Manchester City left-back who has hardly played since suffering a serious knee injury at the beginning of the campaign.
Fekir won his 11th cap, starting for his country for the first time since he also suffered a bad knee injury in a friendly in Portugal in September 2015.
The 24-year-old is coming off a fantastic season at Lyon and was given his chance by Deschamps in a role supporting Giroud. Fekir curled an early free-kick just wide and Corentin Tolisso struck the post for the French in a first half held up at one point by a pitch invader who gave chasing security staff the runaround on the sodden surface.
The opening goal came in the 40th minute, Giroud bundling the ball in at the third attempt following a Fekir corner. Fekir made it two a minute from the break, collecting a pass from the ever-dangerous Kylian Mbappe just inside the area, turning and hitting a shot on his weaker right foot that was parried by Doyle.
However, the unfortunate goalkeeper could only send the ball up into the air before it spun over the line. Despite the best efforts of Mbappe -- who had a goal disallowed for offside -- France failed to add to their lead in a second half regularly interrupted by substitutions before the rain made conditions increasingly farcical towards the end.
French midfielder Blaise Matuidi vies for the ball with Irish midfielder James McClean during their friendly football match.–AFP
Warner Bros maintains impressive summer form; Ingrid Goes West spectacular in limited release.
New Line's horror sequel Annabelle: Creation was the clear winner in an otherwise lacklustre session as it debuted top on an estimated $35m through Warner Bros.
Overall, summer box office lags some 12% behind the 2016 season, and year-to-date trails by roughly 4%.
In limited release, Neon scored a spectacular debut with Sundance selection Ingrid Goes West at number 30 on $141,216 and made the most of three venues for a superb $47,072 per-screen average.
Annabelle: Creation stars Miranda Otto and Anthony LaPaglia and opened 5.6% below the $37m number one debut of Annabelle in October 2014, increasing to an 8.4% drop when the earlier release is adjusted for inflation to $38.3m.
It trailed the June 2016 $40.4m debut of The Conjuring 2 – the Annabelle films are inspired by that property – by 13.3%. Annabelle finished on $84.3m and The Conjuring 2 $102.5m.
Last weekend's champion The Dark Tower fell 58.9% and three slots to fourth and added $7.9m for $34.3m through Sony. Dunkirk was second best in its fourth weekend, adding $11.4m for $135.7m via Warner Bros, which is enjoying a strong summer that kicked off with global smash Wonder Woman.
Animation The Nut Job 2: Nutty By Nature arrived in third place on an uninspiring $8.9m in 4,003 theatres. That was less than half the $19.4m January 2014 debut of The Nut Job – 54% behind, falling to 56% against the original film's $20.3m debut in real terms.
Last week Tang Media Capital confirmed it had acquired Open Road, which Tom Ortenberg launched in 2011 with the backing of AMC and Regal theatre groups.
The only other new arrival to break into the top 10 was Lionsgate-Summit's drama The Glass Castle starring Brie Larson, Woody Harrelson and Naomi Watts. It debuted in ninth place on $4.9m in 1,461 sites.
Kidnap, the Halle Barry thriller released last weekend by new distributor Aviron, fell 47.8% and three places to number eight, adding $5.2m for $19.4m.
Detroit slipped five slots to number 13 in its third session through another new distributor, Annapurna Pictures. The film fell 57.8% on $3m for $13.4m. Valerian ranks 17th through STX and stands at $38.3m after four weekends. Atomic Blonde ranks tenth through Focus Features on $42.8m after three sessions.
Participant Media's documentary An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth To Power slipped two places to number 16 on $800,000 for $2.3m after three sessions through Paramount and will stick around heading into awards season.
Besides the excellent debut of Ingrid Goes West, Bollywood comedy-drama Toilet: Ek Prem Katha placed 19th through Reliance Big Pictures on $709,420 from 175 venues. Well Go USA opened Jang Hoon's Fantasia International Film Festival closing night film A Taxi Driver at number 23 on $332,000 from 41.
A24 launched the Safdie brothers' crime drama and recent Cannes selection Good Time starring Robert Pattinson. It placed 32nd on $137,625 from four for an excellent $34,406 average.
IFC opened The Trip To Spain, the latest in the comedy documentary road movie series featuring British comics Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon. The film ranks 41st on $45,306 from three sites.
Overall box office for the top 12 releases amounted to $103.9m, down 5.9% on last weekend and down 34.5% on the comparable session in 2016 when Suicide Squad stayed top of the pile in its second session through Warner Bros on $43.5m for $222.6m, and Sausage Party debuted in second place through Sony on $34.3m.
This week's wide releases are both action comedies: The Hitman's Bodyguard starring Ryan Reynolds and Samuel Jackson through Lionsgate-Summit; and Steven Soderbergh's Logan Lucky with Channing Tatum, Daniel Craig, Adam Driver and Riley Keough via Bleecker Street.
Estimated top 10 North America August 11-13, 2017
Film (Dist) / Est wkd gross / Est total to date
1 (-) Annabelle: Creation (Warner Bros) Warner Bros Pictures International $35m –
2 (2) Dunkirk (Warner Bros) Warner Bros Pictures International $11.4m $153.7m
3 (-) The Nut Job 2: Nutty By Nature (Open Road) Open Road International / FilmNation $8.9m –
4 (1) The Dark Tower (Sony) Sony Pictures Releasing International $7.9m $34.3m
5 (3) The Emoji Movie (Sony) Sony Pictures Releasing International $6.6m $63.6m
6 (4) Girls Trip (Universal) Universal Pictures International $6.5m $97.2m
7 (6) Spider-Man: Homecoming (Sony) Sony Pictures Releasing International $6.1m $306.5m
8 (5) Kidnap (Aviron) Lotus Entertainment $5.2m $19.4m
9 (-) The Glass Tower (Lionsgate) Lionsgate International $4.9m –
10 (7) Atomic Blonde (Focus Features) Universal Pictures International, Sierra/Affinity $4.6m $42.8m
The Ontario University Athletics (OUA) figure skating and men's fencing seasons wrap up this week with championships for both sports taking place in Niagara.
Final day of the two-day figure skating championship goes today from 8 a.m. until 3:50 p.m. at Gale Centre in Niagara Falls. Tickets are $5 at the door while children, youth and Brock students get in free.
The host Brock Badgers hope the home crowd can help lift them to a podium finish this week. Earlier this season, at the Queen's Invitational in Kingston, the Badgers finished second overall thanks to three gold medal-winning performances: Katie Desveaux, North York; won gold in the open solo dance, while Sydney Vanderveen, Belleville; finished first in the novice short program.
Desveaux also combined with Laura Holbrough, Ilderton, to capture gold in the open short dance.
The Badgers are coming off a third-place finish at the OUA Winter Invitational, where just three points separated them from the gold medal-winning Varsity Blues. Desveaux and Vanderveen both won gold in their events, while Lauren Collins, Minesing; and Kristen Dortono, Niagara-on-the-Lake; finished first in the senior silver similar dance event.
En garde!
On Saturday and Sunday, the men's fencing OUA Championships will be held in Ian Beddis Gymnasium at Brock University. The Brock men will be led by Logan Wilford, Ajax; and Malcolm McLeod, Beamsville; who both medalled earlier this season.
Swept away to Oshawa
Both the Brock Badgers men's and women's varsity curling teams are off to OUA championships running Thursday until Monday in Oshawa. The championships are being hosted by University of Ontario Institute of Technology.
The Brock men's team rink won the Brock Invitation tournament at St. Catharines Curling Club Jan. 21-22.
Hockey playoffs open
In men's hockey, the Badgers head to Guelph on Thursday night to play the Gryphons in Game 1 of their best-of-three first-round playoff series.
A fan bus is headed to the away game to cheer on the Brock squad.
Game 2 is back in St. Catharines at Seymour-Hannah Arena Saturday at 7:15 p.m. If necessary, Game 3 is back in Guelph Sunday night.
The women's hockey playoff picture is yet to be determined with Brock playing at Queen's Friday at noon and at University of Toronto Saturday at 7 p.m. in the final two regular season games of the year.
V-ball on tap
The regular season in university volleyball is still in full swing.
Next up for the Badgers is a doubleheader on their home court Saturday versus the McMaster Marauders.
Action at Bob Davis Gymnasium gets underway 6 p.m. with the women's game. The men take the floor about two hours later.
Time to end Villar's reign in Spain - Galan
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 21:12 IST
Miguel Angel Galan, president of the CENAFE coaching school talks to reporters in Getafe, near Madrid, Spain, September 17, 2015. REUTERS/Andrea Comas/Files
By Richard Martin
BARCELONA (Reuters) - The man who aims to end the 28-year career of the head of Spanish football is counting on the support of smaller clubs that he says have been neglected as elite soccer thrives.
Miguel Angel Galan, who runs a soccer coaching company and has never held office in sports administration, is a fierce critic of Angel Maria Villar whom he hopes to unseat as president of the national association, RFEF, at an election.
Galan says he will set a term limit of eight years for future presidents, increase the number of women on RFEF's board from the current one, and plough funding into smaller clubs.
Although Spanish soccer has thrived at elite level under 67-year-old Villar, with the national team winning the European Championship in 2008 and 2012 and their first World Cup in 2010 as well as numerous triumphs for the country's big clubs in European competition, Galan believes it needs serious reform.
"I'm the candidate for lower league soccer. Lower league clubs have been abandoned and they need a bailout. We can't make any future plans without rescuing them," Galan told Reuters.
His plan to topple Villar will depend on the votes of the 600 clubs in the lower rungs of Spanish soccer to whom he is promising a subsidy of 50,000 euros ($53,000) each.
The president is elected by an absolute majority of the 140 members of the RFEF general assembly which includes 120 members representing the clubs, players, referees and managers/coaches, who in turn are elected by the federation's ordinary members.
GOAL-LINE TECHNOLOGY
Galan also wants La Liga to join the Bundesliga, Premier League, Serie A and Ligue 1 in installing goal-line technology, an issue which came under the spotlight after Barcelona were denied a clear goal in a 1-1 draw with Real Betis last month.
The election is set to take place on May 22, with ex-RFEF general secretary Jorge Perez running as the third candidate.
Galan has been involved in a series of legal disputes against Villar in the last 12 months, the most recent centring on accusations that Villar misappropriated government funds donated to build a soccer school in Haiti after its devastating earthquake in 2011.
The RFEF returned the donated sum, 1.2 million euros ($1.27 million) plus 300,000 euros in interest, to the sports ministry last month. A judge is yet to determine whether the case should go to court.
"He's doing a lot of damage to Spanish football," Galan said.
An RFEF spokesman speaking on behalf of Villar declined to comment on the accusations made by Galan in this interview.
TOO LONG
Villar has sat on the executive committee of world soccer's governing body FIFA since 1998. He was fined 25,000 Swiss francs ($25,000) in 2015 by FIFA's Ethics Committee for failing to co-operate with an investigation into the contest to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Last year he stood as a candidate to succeed disgraced UEFA president Michel Platini but withdrew days before the election, saying he made the decision after being asked by representatives of Spanish soccer to stand for re-election to RFEF.
It is not the first time Galan has taken on a powerful football figure. In 2014 he complained about Zinedine Zidane being put in charge of Real Madrid's reserve side without completing his coaching badges.
The Frenchman, now in charge of Real's first team, was barred from coaching for three months.
Galan said he felt compelled to run for Spanish soccer's top job after Villar's clumsy response to the death of a Deportivo La Coruna supporter in clashes with Atletico Madrid fans in November 2014.
While La Liga and Spain's sports ministry launched initiatives to combat hooliganism, Galan says Villar did nothing.
"We had a case as important as the death of a person, and the president of Spanish soccer says nothing, takes no measures and does nothing on the subject," Galan said.
"It all contributed to me deciding to run for president. We can't keep Villar in the job for 28 years, it's too long for any mandate. People want a change and I'm the only one who has taken on Villar."
($1 = 0.9482 euros)
(Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
The release of the various videos of the shooting in North Carolina have been conflicting and have not resolved a great deal. There needs to be a full accounting. It needs to start with what started the incident and the how and why that it got out of control so quickly.
President Donald Trump has issued an executive order to ban Venezuela's new national cryptocurrency, the petro. It's the first cryptocurrency-related executive order a president has issued and another blow to an already dubious virtual token that's supposedly backed by oil reserves, as Venezuela's president Nicolás Maduro has said.
Trump's order describes the petro's initial coin offering as “recent actions taken by the Maduro regime to attempt to circumvent US sanctions,” and declares all related transactions unlawful. His order also makes reference to Venezuela's National Assembly being in opposition to the launch of the petro. One legislator from the assembly called it “illegal and unconstitutional” on Twitter.
In February, Venezuela launched the petro, allegedly raising $735 million, according to Maduro's tweet. Many experts have expressed doubt over the digital currency, which Maduro has proposed as a means for Venezuela to “overcome the financial blockade,” likely in reference to sanctions imposed by the US and the EU. Venezuela's actual national currency, the bolivar, suffers from quadruple-figure inflation, and one bolivar is currently worth 0.00003 USD.
The executive order to ban the petro isn't that surprising, considering the US's current sanctions on Venezuela. The US Treasury warned domestic investors back in February not to touch petro in case it violated sanctions, saying “the petro digital currency would appear to be an extension of credit to the Venezuelan government” and “could therefore expose US persons to legal risk.”
Experts in cryptocurrency regulation say that Trump's ban is a predictable move. “While Venezuela's attempt to issue a cryptocurrency is novel, there's nothing new about the US restricting financial dealings with sanctioned countries,” says think tank Coin Center executive director Jerry Brito, “Issuing a cryptocurrency is not going to help Venezuela escape sanctions.”
