A third of U.S. men say they use condoms at least some of the time when they have sex, a new government survey shows.
But just 19 percent of men reported condom use every time they had sex, the survey from the National Center for Health Statistics found.
AIDS Healthcare Foundation condoms Bret Hartman / AP Image for AIDS Healthcare Foundation
Just under 24 percent of women aged 25 to 44 reported that their male partners used a condom at least some of the time, the NCHS, part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, found.
Condoms are the only way to protect against both sexually transmitted infections and pregnancy during sex. The CDC recommends that people who want to prevent pregnancy and STIs use them every time when having sex.
But it's also clear that most people don't and the latest statistics put a number on it.
“During 2011–2015, 14.8 percent of women and 19 percent of men aged 15–44 reported that they used a condom ‘every time' they had intercourse in the past 12 months,” the NCHS team wrote in their report.
The report is based on a face-to-face survey of more than 20,000 men and women. It goes into great detail about health and lifestyle habits but does not inquire about why someone did or did not use a condom.
The U.S. has very high rates of unintended pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases. More than 45 percent of pregnancies in the U.S. are unplanned. The CDC reported a record year for STDs in 2014.
Related: STDs Hit New High in U.S.
Every year, 1.5 million Americans are infected with chlamydia, the most common sexually transmitted disease. Another 400,000 get gonorrhea and nearly 24,000 become infected with syphilis.
One good piece of news — condom failures are becoming less common. But people sometimes inexplicably stop using them during sex.
“Even when condoms are used during sexual intercourse, they are often used incorrectly or inconsistently, which can reduce condom effectiveness,” the NCHS team wrote.
“Almost 7 percent of women aged 15–44 who used a condom in the past four weeks said the condom broke or completely fell off during intercourse or withdrawal, and 25.8 percent said the condom was used for only part of the time during intercourse,” they added.
“The recent decline in the failure rate of condoms in the first year of use among women aged 15–44 (from 17 percent in 2002 to 13 percent in 2006–2010) may reflect changes in who uses condoms, as well as how consistently they are used.”
Most women — 60 percent — had never used a condom in the preceding year. And 47 percent of men never did. Again, the survey did not ask why but people in monogamous relationships, including married couples and those trying to conceive, would be unlikely to use condoms.
In The Zero Marginal Cost Society, New York Times bestselling author Jeremy Rifkin describes how the emerging Internet of Things is speeding us to an era of nearly free goods and services, precipitating the meteoric rise of a global Collaborative Common and the eclipse of capitalism.
Rifkin uncovers a paradox at the heart of capitalism that has propelled it to greatness but is now taking it to its death―the inherent entrepreneurial dynamism of competitive markets that drives productivity up and marginal costs down, enabling businesses to reduce the price of their goods and services in order to win over consumers and market share. (Marginal cost is the cost of producing additional units of a good or service, if fixed costs are not counted.) While economists have always welcomed a reduction in marginal cost, they never anticipated the possibility of a technological revolution that might bring marginal costs to near zero, making goods and services priceless, nearly free, and abundant, and no longer subject to market forces.
Now, a formidable new technology infrastructure―the Internet of things (IoT)―is emerging with the potential of pushing large segments of economic life to near zero marginal cost in the years ahead. Rifkin describes how the Communication Internet is converging with a nascent Energy Internet and Logistics Internet to create a new technology platform that connects everything and everyone. Billions of sensors are being attached to natural resources, production lines, the electricity grid, logistics networks, recycling flows, and implanted in homes, offices, stores, vehicles, and even human beings, feeding Big Data into an IoT global neural network. Prosumers can connect to the network and use Big Data, analytics, and algorithms to accelerate efficiency, dramatically increase productivity, and lower the marginal cost of producing and sharing a wide range of products and services to near zero, just like they now do with information goods.
The plummeting of marginal costs is spawning a hybrid economy―part capitalist market and part Collaborative Commons―with far reaching implications for society, according to Rifkin. Hundreds of millions of people are already transferring parts of their economic lives to the global Collaborative Commons. Prosumers are plugging into the fledgling IoT and making and sharing their own information, entertainment, green energy, and 3D-printed products at near zero marginal cost. They are also sharing cars, homes, clothes and other items via social media sites, rentals, redistribution clubs, and cooperatives at low or near zero marginal cost. Students are enrolling in free massive open online courses (MOOCs) that operate at near zero marginal cost. Social entrepreneurs are even bypassing the banking establishment and using crowdfunding to finance startup businesses as well as creating alternative currencies in the fledgling sharing economy. In this new world, social capital is as important as financial capital, access trumps ownership, sustainability supersedes consumerism, cooperation ousts competition, and “exchange value” in the capitalist marketplace is increasingly replaced by “sharable value” on the Collaborative Commons.
Rifkin concludes that capitalism will remain with us, albeit in an increasingly streamlined role, primarily as an aggregator of network services and solutions, allowing it to flourish as a powerful niche player in the coming era. We are, however, says Rifkin, entering a world beyond markets where we are learning how to live together in an increasingly interdependent global Collaborative Commons.
Learn More and Buy Now
BELGRADE, Serbia — Several hundred people have gathered at an opposition protest demanding that an upcoming local election in the Serbian capital of Belgrade be free and fair.
Opposition leaders have alleged that the ruling parties have been beefing up voters' lists ahead of the ballot expected next spring. The authorities have denied this.
The Belgrade race is viewed as a test of President Aleksandar Vucic's rule. Vucic swept the presidential elections earlier this year and his right-leaning coalition controls the government, but opposition parties are hoping to undermine his power in Belgrade.
Opposition leaders have accused Vucic of stifling democratic freedoms, exerting pressure on the media and threating opponents.
Protesters on Friday put forward a set of demands, including equal treatment in the media and international observers at the Belgrade vote.
The Highland County Senior Citizens Center sold 209 tickets for its show Saturday featuring Elvis Presley impersonator Tyler Christopher and the Elvis Tribute Band. The event raised $3,912 for the center thanks to Merchants National Bank, the event's main sponsor, and co-sponsors Crestwood Skilled Nursing, East Ambulance, Littleton Respiratory Care, Weastec, Adena Health System, Hearth & Care and the Thompson Funeral Homes.
The Highland County Senior Citizens Center sold 209 tickets for its show Saturday featuring Elvis Presley impersonator Tyler Christopher and the Elvis Tribute Band. The event raised $3,912 for the center thanks to Merchants National Bank, the event's main sponsor, and co-sponsors Crestwood Skilled Nursing, East Ambulance, Littleton Respiratory Care, Weastec, Adena Health System, Hearth & Care and the Thompson Funeral Homes. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_Elvis-pic.jpg The Highland County Senior Citizens Center sold 209 tickets for its show Saturday featuring Elvis Presley impersonator Tyler Christopher and the Elvis Tribute Band. The event raised $3,912 for the center thanks to Merchants National Bank, the event's main sponsor, and co-sponsors Crestwood Skilled Nursing, East Ambulance, Littleton Respiratory Care, Weastec, Adena Health System, Hearth & Care and the Thompson Funeral Homes.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
The relentless rise in the voting power of Wisconsin's fastest growing county, Dane, is the brightest political trend for Democrats in a state where they have suffered a string in painful defeats
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The Donnay Building in Oklahoma City will get to stand, but possibly not for long. Braum's withdrew its rezoning application on Friday, the city confirmed. The building is home to the HiLo Club, the Drunken Fry, and Charlie's Jazz-Rhythm & Blues.
Most of us have probably wished we could fly at some point. True, we've got external mechanical means of flight, but every kiddo's dream of a running start with outstretched arms remains firmly in the realm of fantasy. While science works to solve that problem, you can pick up a drone to sate your Icarian desires in the meantime. And you're in luck as there just so happens to be a small pile of discounts for DJI drones like the Mavic Pro and Spark.
Whether you are a drone fanatic or a first-time buyer, these deals are sure to appeal. But they're already starting to expire at some retailers, so hurry if you're interested.
To begin, you can pick up a DJI Mavic Pro at B&H for $799 at the time of writing. That's between $75-100 less than Amazon or DJI's store, both of which are already $100 of the MSRP. The effective cumulative savings here are $175-200, which is non-trivial.
If the Mavic Pro is a bit too big or expensive for your tastes, the DJI Spark is also on sale. Read up on our own Jeff Beck's review for it here. You can get one over at B&H for just $349, and that includes a free $50 e-gift card, making it effectively $300 (if you can find something to spend the $50 gift card on). With an MSRP of $500 that's a savings of $200, but compared to Amazon it's more like $100.
If you're feeling a bit Goldilocks and you'd like something between these two options, the Spark is also available in a slightly more expensive "Fly More Combo" for $599 at B&H. Again, that includes a $50 e-gift card, making it pretty much $549. Amazon has about the same $599 price, but that's without a $50 gift card (and with tax, which B&H doesn't charge outside NY).
Piper Jameson will join Universal Technical Institute Inc. (UTI) as executive vice president and chief marketing officer. She replaces Jeff May, who is leaving the company by mutual agreement.
Jameson will be responsible for leading the company's marketing and advertising strategies, with a focus on growing new student enrollment. She brings to the job more than 20 years of marketing experience in the education sector, including 11 years previously at UTI.
“We thank Jeff for his years of service and his many contributions to UTI. We wish him well in his future endeavors,” said Kim McWaters, chairman and CEO. “We are excited to have Piper back on our team to lead marketing at this critical time. She knows our business and is passionate about our mission. She is a seasoned and effective strategist and leader, and has the experience and expertise to help us grow our enrollment and meet the growing demand for skilled technicians.”
Jameson joins UTI from Northern Arizona University – Extended Campuses, where she served as chief marketing officer. Prior to that, she was executive vice president and chief marketing officer with Lincoln Educational Services. During her nine-year tenure with Lincoln, she generated record-level inquiry and enrollment growth in the company's automotive and skilled trade programs while lowering advertising costs.
Jameson was with UTI from 1994 to 2005, serving in various operational and executive positions, including senior vice president, marketing. Prior to that, she was a member of the executive team at The Ritz-Carlton – Phoenix.
Jameson holds Bachelor of Science degrees in marketing and business management from the University of Phoenix and a master's degree in strategic communication and leadership from Seton Hall University.
If you've been watching the second series of Victoria, you'll probably have noticed that the queen's beloved Lord Melbourne is looking a little peaky.
Advertisement
Now, it's no secret that Lord M, played in the ITV drama by Rufus Sewell, retired from public life in his final years, leaving London and politics for his home, Brocket Hall in Hertfordshire. But while dizzy spells and weakness would not necessarily be a cause for concern in the modern age, for the former Prime Minister the symptoms were somewhat more sinister.
Below are some details of the ex-politician's final years – but a word of warning first. If you don't want any spoilers, avoid reading beyond this rather lovely picture of the man in question…
When did Lord Melbourne die?
After leaving parliament in August 1841, Melbourne retreated from public life and suffered a stroke 14 months after his exit from politics.
Weakened, he led a reclusive existence in the following years although continued to exchange letters with Victoria. He passed away on 24th November 1848, nine years after the queen had begun her reign.
How did Lord Melbourne die?
Lord Melbourne is reported to have died from the effects of his stroke. A clip from episode three (below) sees the former statesman trembling and the ITV drama also alludes to “weakness on his left side”, both of which would suggest the aftermath of such a condition.
An article in the Liverpool Albion, announcing his death, reports: “the noble deceased had been attacked about three weeks or a month since by what was considered a bilious complaint” but that a London doctor went on to inform family members of “his fears that his lordship's illness would prove fatal”. Melbourne died at his beloved Brockett Hall surrounded by family members including his sister, Lady Palmerston.
Was he survived by any family?
Lord Melbourne's wife (who famously ran off with the poet, Lord Byron) had passed away in 1828, shortly followed by the couple's only son, George Augustus Frederick. Their daughter, who was born premature, had also predeceased Melbourne, so on his death his titles passed on to his brother, Frederick.
Did Lord Melbourne really attend the queen's costume ball in aid of Spitalfields' silk industry?
Advertisement
Episode three of the ITV drama sees Rufus Sewell's beleaguered statesman attend the party dressed as the poet Dante. However, it is not clear whether Melbourne was actually on the guest list for Victoria's lavish do. It's worth bearing in mind that the ball itself was held in 1842 – six years before his real-life death.
Ever since Kanye West tweeted praise for conservative commentator Candace Owens, the right wing fringe has been falling all over itself at the prospect of having a bona fide A-list celebrity to welcome into the fold. Although far right and so-called alt-right personalities have, in part, based their personas on lambasting the supposedly out of touch, limousine liberal Hollywood elite, conspiracy theorists like Infowars founder Alex Jones and vlogger Paul Joseph Watson are practically frothing at the mouth at the prospect of rubbing elbows with one of the most famous people of a generation. Among the first of the right wing personalities to embrace West was Owens herself, who tweeted at the rapper, begging him to “take a meeting” with her and then appeared on Fox & Friends on Sunday the day after West tweeted about how he likes “the way [she] thinks.” Part of the way the pro-Trump “Owens thinks” entails criticizing Black Lives Matter, denying the existence of systemic racism, and arguing that Black Panther is a “pro-Trump movie.”
I'm freaking out. @kanyewest ….please take a meeting with me. I tell every single person that everything that I have been inspired to do, was written in your music. I am my own biggest fan, because you made it okay. I need you to help wake up the black community. https://t.co/Uz1nB9K0Oz — Candace Owens (@RealCandaceO) April 21, 2018
“Kanye West does not really want to fold to controversy,” Owens said during her Sunday morning Fox & Friends hit. “If you look at things historically, Kanye West has really represented the battering ram against political correctness.”
.@RealCandaceO: @kanyewest is not one to fold to controversy and I thank him for supporting me and my ideas pic.twitter.com/0SrCK6RKJi — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) April 22, 2018
This is all very funny considering that in September, Owens posted a YouTube vlog titled “Dear Celebrities: NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU THINK!!!” Apparently, Owens cares what celebrities think as long as they care what she thinks. Owens serves as “urban engagement director”—and, apparently, director of communications—of Turning Point USA, a dubious non-profit dedicated to spreading “true free market values” on college campuses. The organization's founder, Charlie Kirk, wasted no time capitalizing on West's endorsement by co-opting the rapper's image for use in one of Turning Point USA's Twitter memes. (West's rep did not return a request for comment regarding his likeness being used in Turning Point ads.)
The team at Infowars wasted no time launching a full court press trying to court West. Paul Joseph Watson, who serves as an editor-at-large, recorded extremely thirsty videos praising the rapper for being an iconoclast and begging his followers to tweet those videos to West.
Kanye West is threatening to red pill black people and the establishment is terrified. Everyone retweet this and send it to @kanyewest https://t.co/R2VFTGIKMu — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) April 22, 2018
On Monday, Jones swooped in, hoping to cajole West into an appearance on Infowars, and presumably to get the rapper to start hawking the snake oil supplements that subsidize Jones's operation. “I admire your bold moves against the thought police,” Jones tweeted at West. “And if you want to see these control-freak vampires really go crazy, please join me on my broadcast!”
.@kanyewest I admire your bold moves against the thought police. And if you want to see these control-freak vampires really go crazy, please join me on my broadcast!👌 — Alex Jones (@RealAlexJones) April 23, 2018
This is quite the 180 from the days when Infowars, via Watson, used to accuse West and his wife Kim Kardashian of naming their son Saint West as an homage to the Illuminati. Or when Infowars writer Kit Daniel accused West of being emblematic of the country's “decline.” Apparently all it took for the staff to reverse its position on West is the inkling of hope that he might actually pay attention to them.
The fact that disgraced Fox News host Bill O'Reilly spent years calling West a “disease” and his music a blight on society didn't stop him from caping for the rapper when the backlash came for him over the Owens endorsement.
Kanye West finds himself under attack by the American Stalinists. Please read my column posted right now on https://t.co/fqUvO5EEW0 about the attack crew. Frightening. I'll deal with Mr. West tomorrow. — Bill O'Reilly (@BillOReilly) April 22, 2018
MRA mascot and Dilbert creator Scott Adams wasn't going to be outdone by a bunch of second-rate YouTube stars, so he recorded a 22-minute DIY TED Talk praising West as a visionary.
Scott Adams tells you how Kanye showed the way to The Golden Age. With coffee. https://t.co/RCFwKuXjCA — Scott Adams (@ScottAdamsSays) April 22, 2018
West, in kind, tweeted clips of himself getting red pilled by Adams's video, which itself demonstrated the cartoonist's Sahara Desert-level thirst for the rapper's approval. He, obviously, is far from alone.
Arab foreign ministers on Sunday demanded that the United States rescind President Donald Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, calling it a "grave" development that puts Washington on the same side as "occupation" and the violation of international law.
In a resolution long on rhetoric but short on concrete actions, the ministers denounced what they claimed was an "illegal" and "dangerous violation" of international law. "It's a dangerous development that places the United States at a position of bias in favor of the occupation and the violation of international law and resolutions," the resolution said.
It said it would seek a U.N. Security Council resolution rejecting the U.S. move.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Police in Lebanon clash with demonstrators during anti-U.S. protest 0:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The two-page resolution adopted by the emergency meeting, which began Saturday night, did not include any punitive actions against the United States, like a call for a boycott of American products or suspending or downgrading ties with Washington.
It also appeared to fall short of matching the anger felt by Palestinians in the Gaza Strip and West Bank, which have seen days of violent protests against Trump's decision.
Photos: Demonstrators protest Trump's controversial Jerusalem announcement
"We have taken a political decision not meant to reflect [what is going on in] the streets. Political work is responsible work," said Arab League chief Ahmed Aboul-Gheit. "Jerusalem has been occupied for 50 years. This is an extended battle, a battle that will be escalated," he told the news conference.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump has no authority 'to give away Jerusalem to an occupying power': Palestinian official 1:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Saturday he will not meet U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during Pence's visit to the region this month in a snub over the move.
Pence's spokeswoman, Alyssa Farah, responded Sunday saying it was "unfortunate" that Abbas declined to meet.
"The Palestinian Authority is walking away again from an opportunity to discuss the future of the region," she said. "But the Administration remains undeterred in its efforts to help achieve peace between Israelis and Palestinian and our peace team remains hard at work putting together a plan.”
Israeli air strikes killed two Palestinian gunmen on Saturday after militants fired rockets from the enclave into Israel on Friday, which had been declared a "day of rage" by Palestinian factions.
Meanwhile violence erupted for a fourth day in response to Trump's announcement on Wednesday, which overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East.
A Palestinian protester hurls stones at Israeli border guards during clashes near an Israeli checkpoint on December 9, 2017 in Ramallah, West Bank. Chris McGrath / Getty Images
Trump's Dec. 6 announcement on Jerusalem, and his intention to move the U.S. Embassy there, triggered denunciations from around the world, with even close allies suggesting he had needlessly stirred more conflict in an already volatile region. Jerusalem's status lies at the core of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and Trump's move was widely perceived as siding with Israel. Even small crises over Jerusalem's status and that of the holy sites in its ancient Old City have sparked deadly bloodshed in the past.
Israel occupied and later annexed the eastern part of Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war, declaring the holy city its eternal capital. Palestinians want that part to be the capital of their future state.
Trump's decision, according to the Arab resolution, stripped the U.S. of its role as a "sponsor and broker" in the Mideast peace process, and "undermines efforts to bring about peace, deepens tension and will spark anger that will threaten to push the region to the edge of the abyss of violence, chaos and bloodshed."
Trump's adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is leading efforts to restart peace negotiations, though his bid has shown little public progress so far.
Authorities are awaiting autopsy results to determine what caused the death of a transgender woman who was in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
Federal authorities say the 33-year-old woman from Honduras died early Friday at an Albuquerque hospital, where she was admitted after showing symptoms of pneumonia, dehydration and complications associated with HIV.
The woman was identified by activists as Roxana Hernandez. They say she was part of a caravan of Central American migrants that traveled to the U.S. border through Mexico.
Federal authorities listed her name as Jeffry Hernandez and said she was taken into custody on May 13 in San Diego. She was later transferred to El Paso, Texas, and then to a detention center in western New Mexico where she was housed in the transgender unit.
Hernandez's death has reignited concerns about the treatment of transgender people in custody.
The California-based Transgender Law Center and other groups issued statements this week demanding that transgender people not be detained by immigration authorities.
"The community, now more than ever, needs to organize to protect our most vulnerable, in particular transgender immigrant women who are surrounded by violence on a daily basis," said Anandrea Molina, president of Organización Latina de Trans en Texas.
Organizers from Pueblo Sin Fronteras say Hernandez had first presented herself to U.S. border officers at the San Ysidro port of entry in California on May 9 and asked for asylum.
The group questioned whether Hernandez received adequate medical care while in federal custody.
According to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, all detainees get medical, dental and mental health screening within 12 hours of arriving at a detention facility. Detainees also have access to 24-hour emergency care.
Hernandez is the sixth detainee to die in ICE custody since October 2017.
According to immigration authorities, Hernandez was admitted May 17 to Cibola General Hospital in Grants, New Mexico. She was transferred later that day to the Albuquerque hospital, where she remained in the intensive care unit until she was pronounced dead. Hospital staff identified the preliminary cause of death as cardiac arrest.
New Mexico health and law enforcement agencies were notified about the death. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Office of Inspector General and ICE's Office of Professional Responsibility also were notified along with the Consulate of Honduras in Houston.
Immigration authorities say that between 2005 and 2009, Hernandez twice illegally entered the United States and was granted voluntarily return to Mexico each time since she claimed Mexican nationality. In 2014, she illegally re-entered the U.S. a third time and was arrested and removed.
Authorities also say she was convicted of theft in 2006 and of prostitution and other charges in 2009. Both cases were in Texas.
Just a day after Prince Harry revealed personal details about how he struggled with his mother's death, his brother Prince William and Lady Gaga released a video on Facebook calling for an open conversation about dealing with emotional trauma.
The video was streamed live on Facebook with the pop star and Prince William encouraging young people to feel safe confronting their challenges and expressing themselves when they feel overwhelmed.
Prince William and Lady Gaga said that it was vital to work together so they could help shatter the taboo surrounding mental illness.
"It's okay to have this conversation, it's really important to have this conversation, you won't be judged – it's so important to break open that fear and taboo which is only going to lead to more problems down the line," Prince William said in the video.
"Yes, it can make a huge difference," Lady Gaga agreed. "I feel like we are not hiding any more we're starting to talk and that's what we need to do."
The two spoke over FaceTime from their respective homes in London and Malibu. William sat in his study at Kensington Palace while Lady Gaga joined from her kitchen in California.
Thanks to Prince William & @heads_together for inviting me to join this important conversation around mental health awareness #oktosay pic.twitter.com/w4RYmw7Llj — xoxo, Joanne (@ladygaga) April 18, 2017
Lady Gaga opened up in the candid conversation with Prince William about her fears when she had to address her own mental illness. "It made me very nervous at first. For me waking up every day and feeling sad and going on stage is something that is very hard to describe. There's a lot of shame attached to mental illness.
"You feel like something is wrong with you," she told Prince William. "But it was like saying this is a part of me and that's OK."
Prince William, his wife Catherine the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry have all participated in an effort to make it easier for young people to speak about their mental health concerns through their Heads Together campaign.
The Duke of Cambridge and @LadyGaga join forces to encourage more people to speak openly about their mental health #OKtosay pic.twitter.com/kCuQyS3Svn — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 18, 2017
Lady Gaga brings her own experience working as a mental health advocate.
Last December, she penned an open letter through her Born this Way foundation that she suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) as a result of a rape at age 19. Prince William was struck by her message and reached out to the pop star to see if she would get involved in their efforts.
"We have to make the strongest, most relentless attempt we can to normalize mental health issues, so that people feel like they can come forward," Lady Gaga said in the video, which released on the Royal Family's Facebook page.
The multi-platinum recording artist revealed how difficult yet therapeutic it was when she finally addressed her own challenges with PTSD.
"Even though it was hard it was the best thing that could come out of my mental illness was to share it with other people and let you know our generation as well as other generations know that if you are feeling not well in your mind that you are not alone and that people that you would think would never have a problem do," she said.
In addition to the Facebook discussion with Lady Gaga, Prince William and Prince Harry also participated in an interview with Calmzine magazine in which Prince William called for a society where children and adults felt free to discuss their feelings and not bottle things up.
"If you don't acknowledge how you feel it will only bottle up, and could reassert itself later than illness," Prince William told the magazine.
Published by the charity CALM, Calmzine hopes to tackle issues surrounding men's mental health. CALM, an acronym whose letters stand for "Campaign against living miserably," is a charity partner in Prince William's Heads Together campaign and focuses on preventing suicide in young men.
"Sometimes, emotions have to be put to one side to get the job done, but if you have been through an especially traumatic or stressful situation it is essential to talk it through after the event," Prince William said.
"Catherine and I are clear that we want both George and Charlotte to grow up feeling able to talk about their emotions and feelings," Prince William told Calmzine. Prince Harry also told the magazine, "We will all go through tough times in our lives, but men especially feel the need to pretend that everything is OK, and that admitting this to their friends will make them appear weak."
"There may be a time and a place for the 'stiff upper lip,' but not at the expense of your health," Prince William said, urging readers to end the taboo about discussing traumatic personal issues.
Prince William and Harry's magazine interview coincided with the release of Prince Harry's personal account of how he struggled to cope with his mothers death in a podcast with Bryony Gordon from the Telegraph.
The fifth in line admitted he sought counseling to help him deal with his own grief.
NFL threatens ‘significant discipline' over mistreatment of referees
The NFL on Monday sent a memo to its teams reminding them about the importance of respecting referees and threatening discipline.
Here's a look at the memo, which was sent from VP Troy Vincent to the 32 clubs:
The NFL sent this memo to clubs today on contact with officials … pic.twitter.com/KqotkfXliK — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) December 12, 2017
The memo makes references to a few incidents of players getting in the face of officials, throwing flags (like Marcus Peters did) and verbally disparaging them.
The key part is that “significant discipline” was threatened for offensive conduct or contact from players towards officials.
The league is clearly cracking down and trying to ensure proper treatment of officials.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runner Lemi Berhanu Hayle, of Ethiopia, participates in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). Top-seeded distance runner Atsede Baysa, of Ethiopia, participates in a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017, in advance of Monday's race in Boston.
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa). Boston police on bicycles ride through the finish line area before the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston.
(AP Photo/Bill Sikes). U.S. distance runner Meb Keflezighi waves during a Boston Marathon media availability Friday, April 14, 2017 in Boston. Keflezighi has said he'll retire after running in Monday's race and the TCS New York City Marathon in November.
(AP Photo/Elise Amendola). Workers make final preparations of the finish line before the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, April 17, 2017, in Boston.
BOSTON (AP) - The Latest on the 121st running of the Boston Marathon (all times local):
12:25 p.m.
Patriots Day? It was more like Kenyan Day at the Boston Marathon.
But it wasn't a bad day to be an American, either.
Geoffrey Kirui (JOFF'-ree key-ROO'-ee) and Edna Kiplagat - both making their Boston debuts - ran to victory in Monday's 121st running of the race.
Kirui outran Galen Rupp of the U.S. to take the men's race in an official time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds. Rupp, also running his first Boston, trailed by 21 seconds.
Kiplagat opened up a big lead heading into the dreaded Newton hills, and won in an official 2 hours, 21 minutes, 52 seconds.
But Jordan Hasay, racing her first ever marathon, finished third, and fellow American Desi Linden was fourth.
- Bill Kole in Boston
___
12:10 p.m.
Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui (JOFF'-ree key-ROO'-ee) has won the Boston Marathon - his first marathon victory ever.
Kirui outran Galen Rupp of the U.S. to take Monday's 121st running of the race in an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 36 seconds.
He took seventh in last year's Amsterdam Marathon and third at Rotterdam.
Rupp finished unofficially in 2 hours, 9 minutes, 58 seconds.
___
11:55 a.m.
Edna Kiplagat (KIP'-la-gat) has won her Boston Marathon debut.
The Kenyan policewoman opened up a big lead heading into the Newton hills, and she cruised to victory in an unofficial 2 hours, 21 minutes, 53 seconds in Monday's 121st running of the race.
It's the first time Kiplagat, a two-time world champion, has raced Boston.
She's won in London, New York City and Los Angeles.
Rose Chelimo of Bahrain was second, 59 seconds behind and American Jordan Hasay was third in her marathon debut. Desi Linden, who was second in Boston by 2 seconds in 2011, finished fourth - the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
- Bill Kole in Boston
___
11:10 a.m.
The lead women's pack is starting to drop some big names behind.
Defending champion Atsede Baysa of Ethiopia was out of the top 10 and slowing at the halfway point. 2014 champion Buzunesh Deba was also about 2 minutes behind the leaders.
The top group of seven runners included Americans Jordan Hasay and Desi Linden. Linden is a two-time Olympian and three-time top 10 finisher in Boston.
- Jimmy Golen in Boston.
___
11 a.m.
Those times are now official in the wheelchair races.
Manuela Schar of Switzerland finished in 1 hour, 28 minutes, 17 seconds - shattering the world's best by more than five minutes. Fellow Swiss Marcel Hug took the men's race in 1:18:04, also the fastest time ever.
The winners' times are considered a world best and not a world record. The straight-line Boston course doesn't qualify for world records because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
- Jimmy Golen in Boston.
___
10:50 a.m.
The women have delivered another world best in the Boston Marathon wheelchair races.
Manuela Schar of Switzerland finished in an unofficial 1 hour, 28 minutes, 17 seconds to win the women's wheelchair race on Monday.
It's the first time ever that a woman has beaten the 1:30 mark.
Schar earned her first victory in Boston to join countryman Marcel Hug atop the podium and in the record books. The old best for a woman in the wheelchair race was 1:34:06.
The winners' times are considered a world best and not a world record. The straight-line Boston course doesn't qualify for world records because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
- Jimmy Golen in Boston.
___
10:45 a.m.
Marcel Hug (HOOG) has won the wheelchair race at the Boston Marathon in a world's best time.
Hug outpushed 10-time winner Ernst Van Dyk of South Africa down Boylston Street to finish in an unofficial time of 1 hour, 18 minutes, 4 seconds. That's a course record and the fastest time ever for a wheelchair marathon.
The straight-line Boston course doesn't qualify for a world record, because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
It was the third straight Boston win for the 32-year-old from Switzerland.
The old world's best was 1:18:25.
- Jimmy Golen in Boston.
___
10:30 a.m.
Leading the pack of the men's race at the Boston Marathon in Framingham, about six miles in, is Emmanuel Mutai, who is going for a unique feat.
If he finishes, the 32-year-old Kenyan will be the first professional to complete all six major marathons plus the world championships and the Olympics.
Mutai finished second in London and New York in 2010 and won London the next year. He also won Amsterdam in 2007 and has a total of seven major second-place finishes.
- Jimmy Golen in Boston.
___
10:15 a.m.
Plans are in the works for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon.
City officials and the families of five people who died in the bombing or its aftermath say there's also a plan to build a separate, larger memorial to victims, survivors and responders.
Pablo Eduardo is a Massachusetts resident and internationally known sculptor. He'll create the memorial markers on Boylston Street where bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others.
Eduardo said Monday his goal is to "embody the spirit of those we lost and the spirit of the city they loved."
- Bob Salsberg in Boston.
___
10 a.m.
The 121st Boston Marathon is on its way from Hopkinton to Boston.
The bulk of the 30,000-runner field left at 10 a.m. for the 26.2-mile trek to Copley Square. Along the way, they were expected to be slowed by temperatures rising into the 70s.
The women left at 9:32 a.m., and American Desi Linden was an early leader as the lead pack passed through Ashland and into Framingham. Defending champion Atsede Baysa was also in the pack.
- Jimmy Golen in Boston.
___
9:45 a.m.
Runners in the Boston Marathon had high temperatures to deal with.
But they also got a strong tailwind that could help, too.
Temperatures hit 70 degrees under mostly sunny skies when the elite women left the start in Hopkinton. It was 69 and warming at the halfway point in Wellesley and expected to be up to 72 degrees by the time the runners reached the finish in Boston's Back Bay.
A tailwind of 13 mph gave the runners a push at the start on Monday. Gusts were expected of up to 30 mph.
A strong tailwind and cooler temperatures in 2011 helped Geoffrey Mutai finish in 2 hours, 3 minutes, 2 seconds. That was the fastest marathon in history at the time, though not a world record because the Boston course does not qualify for world records.
The world record is 2:02:57, set by Kenyan runner Dennis Kimetto in Berlin in 2014.
- Jimmy Golen in Boston.
___
9:35 a.m.
The elite women are on their way in the 121st running of the Boston Marathon.
The field started at 9:32 a.m. They'll be followed at 10 a.m. by the elite men.
Atsede Baysa of Ethiopia is back to defend her women's title. She's joined in the field by countrywoman Buzunesh Deba, the 2014 champion.
The top U.S. woman is Desi Linden, a two-time Olympian who's placed in the top 10 in Boston three times.
- Bill Kole in Boston.
___
9:20 a.m.
The 121st running of the Boston Marathon is getting underway in waves for the 30,000 athletes.
Mobility impaired athletes - the blind and those with prostheses or other challenges - started at 8:50 a.m. Monday.
They were followed by the men's push rim wheelchair athletes at 9:17 a.m., and the women two minutes later.
The elite women start at 9:32 a.m., and the elite men and the rest of wave one get underway at 10 a.m.
There are three more waves that set up a staggered start: wave two at 10:25 a.m., wave three at 10:50 a.m. and wave four at 11:15 a.m.
___
8:50 a.m.
The 121st running of the Boston Marathon is officially underway with the mobility impaired athletes.
Runners who are blind, wear prostheses or have other challenges set off from Hopkinton, Massachusetts, on Monday morning.
The rest of the field will follow in waves.
Monday's race is getting started in temperatures of 66 degrees Fahrenheit (19 degrees Celsius.) That's ideal for spectators but a bit warm for many runners.
The leading men will include Galen Rupp, the bronze medalist in the Rio Olympics, running Boston for the first time, and 2014 champion Meb Keflezighi (kuh-FLEHZ-key.)
The top U.S. woman is Desi Linden, a two-time Olympian who's placed in the top 10 in Boston three times.
Security has been extra tight since 2013, when bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Rassie Erasmus has laid out three key challenges for Munster ahead of their Champions Cup mission: perform, entertain and rise above the fear of failure.
The province take on reigning champions Saracens in the semi-final of Europe's elite competition at the Aviva Stadium this Saturday (Live, RTÉ Radio 1, 3.15pm) in a mouthwatering showdown.
Not since the 2008 slaying of Toulouse at the Millennium Stadium have Munster captured the big one, but Erasmus urged his men to savour the "privilege" of playing in such an enormous game as they prep for a daunting challenge.
"We're happy we're playing in Ireland - even if it is against the reigning champions and probably the best team in Europe currently," he told RTÉ Sport.
"There can't be a better stage to go and play. There can't be more of a motivation and honour to do it. There's not a fear of failure, I can feel it. It's an opportunity to go and perform and to entertain."
Conor Murray remains a major doubt as he struggles to overcome a shoulder injury, but Erasmus is reasonably content with the shape of his squad.
"It looks better than I thought Saturday after the game (against Ulster)," he said.
"Rory Scannell's ankle isn't as bad as we thought it would be; he could maybe still make it.
"I'm really hopeful on CJ (Stander). There are still a lot of doubts about Conor but we'll give him some chance to see if he might get better.
"All in all, we're not looking too bad.
"It's a big week. The Saracens game has always been in the back of our heads. Obviously it's going to be a few steps up when you play the champions.
"We have to prepare for a very tough game. We're fairly confident in knowing what our team will look like so starting today we'll have to focus and try and get it right."
While Munster fans would prefer to be welcoming Sarries into a Thomond cauldron, they at least get to take on Mark McCall's exceptional side on Irish soil.
"It's just a privilege to and play there anyway. It's a hell of a challenge."
Erasmus is keen to make the most of that advantage ahead of a mammoth challenge.
"It's nice to say 'our own patch'. It feels weird but it's nice to say that!" he laughed.
"Hopefully it's a great experience. No matter what way the result goes, it's just a privilege to and play there anyway. It's a hell of a challenge.
"You want to measure yourself and see how far you've grown in the last couple of months. No better test.
"Apart from them tactically being a really great team, they're individuals are really good and they've a great coaching staff, I think the intensity is something that really strikes me about their team.
"You have to concentrate on the opposition and you have to understand what they're trying to do... but if we just go out and try to contain what they do then we won't stand a chance.
"We have to make sure what plans we have in place, we get to execute that. It'll be a great, great challenge."
Listen to Munster v Saracens live on RTÉ Radio 1's Saturday Sport, 3.15pm
South Simcoe Police say it is dealing with a new twist on the gift card scam. This time, an Innisfil business says an employee got an email from what appeared to be the boss, really a scammer, who had the worker go buy a large amount of iTunes gift cards supposedly as gifts for clients. The phony company CEO also had the employee's cell number, through which different instructions were issued to the point where the employee became weary and contacted the boss directly.
Fraud Alert: New twist on gift card #scams. #Innisfil employee out several thousand dollars after receiving bogus email from ‘boss' to buy large amount of iTunes cards. Please check with employer to confirm email is legit before shopping. #giftcards #fraud pic.twitter.com/DVd1E7lywy — South Simcoe Police (@SouthSimcoePS) May 30, 2018
That's when the scam was discovered and some of the iTunes purchase transactions were cancelled; the fraud still amounted to several thousand dollars. Police are warning the public to be suspicious of any large-purchase requests from the boss, confirming it is legitimate before going through with any purchase.
This scam mirrors another type of fraud that has someone purportedly from the Canada Revenue Agency calling, demanding payment on a phony debt through the purchase of iTunes gift cards. South Simcoe Police say the scam artists on the other end of these transactions are able to use the information on the back of the iTunes card, given by the unsuspecting victim, to retrieve the funds used to purchase them.
The so-called CRA Scam became so prevalent at one point that South Simcoe Police even introduced a new initiative in the Spring, aimed at stopping gift card scams before they start. The imitative included printouts at the point-of-purchase, along with increased training for cashiers. Police say, in the fraud involving a phony boss, the cashier at the store even asked the employee if these cards were for the CRA.
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” he said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” he revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
Researchers Develop Safe Way To Tan
As the weather warms up, people flock to the beach to enjoy the sand, surf and, of course, sun. A tan can be the marker of a weekend well spent, but it can also lead to health problems as UV rays increase the risk of skin cancer.
But your tan of the future may actually protect you from skin cancer, thanks to researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
Researchers have developed molecules to tan skin without the damaging effects of UV radiation. This method goes beyond your usual bottle tan, though, because it causes skin to produce a dark form of melanin that actually protects against cancer-causing rays.
The study on the process was published in Tuesday's issue of Cell Reports and builds on a 2006 study that induced tanning in red-haired mice.
Those mice were used because they have a genetic variant that doesn't allow them to tan, similar to red-headed, fair-skinned humans.
In that 2006 study, a topical compound called forskolin was applied to the mice, resulting in a tan and the production of a skin pigment called eumelanin, which protects against UV rays.
But when the researchers tried to replicate the tan on human skin, it didn't work - most likely because human skin is five times thicker than that of mice, researchers said - so they tried again.
This time, researchers developed new molecules that get the tanning protein ever deeper into the epidermis and voila, the skin appeared darker after eight days of daily, topical administration.
(Cultured human skin which on the far right has been treated for eight consecutive days and appears darker. On the left, it has been treated with a control or the substance less able to penetrate human skin and shows no change. Photo: Department of Dermatology/MGH)
"We are excited about the possibility of inducing dark pigment production in human skin without a need for either systemic exposure to a drug or UV exposure to the skin," said Dr. David Fisher, chief of dermatology at MGH and both studies' leader, in a statement.
The pigmented skin is "physiologically identical to UV-induced pigmentation without the DNA-damaging effects of UV," he said.
The team still needs to conduct safety studies, which Fisher said are always essential with new treatment compounds, so that they can better understand the acting agents.
"But it's possible they may lead to new ways of protecting against UV-induced skin damage and cancer formation," he added.
© 2017 Metro under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Questions about the social news aggregation site Reddit going public have been swirling for years — but the move seems more definite than ever, after CEO Steve Huffman saidit could happen by 2020. Now the questions is: What does the company need to do to get IPO-ready?
Reddit, which declined to comment to NBC News, is clearly prized by some major investors. It scooped up $200 million earlier this year, reaching a valuation of $1.8 billion, and is beloved by users: Analytics service Alexa rated it as the eighth-most popular site in the world. Plus, it's shown it can stand the test of time, at least by internet standards, having been around since 2005. But the bare-bones site has always been a bit of an outlier, and it's been a hotbed for controversies (like the 2014 celebrity photo hack, six months after which Reddit enforced its photo sharing guidelines).
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Internet Speak: What is a Reddit AMA? 0:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The 'front page of the internet'
The site's user-driven, niche feel is exactly what makes Reddit so appealing to so many people. It's been slow to roll out a mobile strategy and still fosters an old-school, text-based vibe you may have recognized from 2005, which makes it feel almost like the secret basement of the world wide web.
“The culture of the site, even as they have scaled their user base, remains offbeat, quirky, and anti-establishment,” said Daniel Gulati, a partner at Comcast Ventures. “It's almost entirely user controlled, including on the user acquisition front. Anyone can start a subreddit and build their own community. To date there has been very little company-driven moderation of content (in contrast to what's happening over at Facebook now).”
Community first, money later
Reddit has a couple of key methods of monetization including Reddit Gold, a subscription service to allow users special access. It also has sponsored posts. But Brad Hines, a startup adviser, investor, and personal finance writer, opines that Reddit hasn't wanted to risk losing its “cool factor,” and as such has remained “focused on continuing to stoke brand loyalty, and roll out methods of revenue slowly.”
“Reddit's monetization is still well below where it would be needed to achieve a spectacular IPO," which is what would be expected of one of the most popular sites in the world, Richard Beale of Mindshare North America told NBC News. “As this improves with their new ad products and redesign, you can expect the conversations around an IPO to become more serious.”
A crucial pain point around monetization, as Greg Portell, lead partner in the consumer and retail practice of A.T. Kearney, sees it, is in the community aspect. That may seem ridiculous in considering that Reddit is all about community, but it's really more like a collection of very disparate communities. This presents a challenge for advertisers.
“How can Reddit create stickiness among their users, when everyone has a different view?” asks Portell. “You and I may overlap on 20 percent of our content, but 80 percent is going in different directions. It's just not a very developed revenue model. Honestly, I just don't think they have tried to monetize their audience to the greatest extent.”
Safe for free thinkers — but what about shareholders?
“Reddit can count big numbers in users — but that doesn't mean it's conducive to brand advertisers, which is generally a key monetization metric,” Chris Cunningham, CRO at Unacast and founder of C2 Ventures, told NBC News. “In addition, advertisers like safe and predictable content and Reddit is not that, which puts its ad business at risk.”
Would Reddit have to part with its user loyalty in order to please its shareholders? If so, that would pretty much defeat the whole venture of going public.
“If Reddit goes public, will its growth stop?” said David Mawhinney, associate teaching professor of entrepreneurship at Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business. “It's a worthy debate, but it's not fair to frame it as an either/or situation. As long as Reddit has a quality product, it will keep growing. And that [$200 million in] funding probably wouldn't have come in if they weren't expected to keep growing.”
There's also the idea that seasoned investors are often looking to diversify their portfolio with younger companies. Reddit stock could be the perfect opportunity.
“After a while, investors tire of investing in Apple or Netflix or Amazon because they fear their best growth days are behind,” said Mark Hamrick, senior economic analyst at Bankrate.com. “They're asking, ‘What will the next growth story be?' That's where a company like Reddit could come into play. And plenty of [shareholders] want to get into the ground level of a good story.”
But still, Reddit will have to make some concessions — or at least, more modifications.
“Implementing greater brand safety controls for users and brands alike whilst accelerating their shift to mobile-first would be two key initiatives for Reddit pre-IPO to mitigate the risk of undesirable headlines and subsequently shareholder shakes,” said Beale.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pregnant Serena Williams asks Reddit when to pack a hospital bag 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Reddit's goldmine of data
Reddit may not have the strongest monetization game (yet), nor the slickest, cleanest platform, and it may be all over the place with its users in a way that seems to counter the cohesiveness that advertisers desire when targeting consumers. But Reddit also has a very precious ball in its court: data. So much data.
“What Reddit can do to really differentiate themselves is figured out what unique elements of people's behavior they identify from their datasets that other competitors can't,” said Portell. “That's really the cornerstone to getting them out of selling eyeballs. Digital advertising is very simple and there's no scarcity of it, but if Reddit can say to brands ‘We can show you this type of person in this phase of the purchasing funnel and make them more likely to convert,' then that becomes something differentiating. Facebook and Google are pretty close to doing this, so Reddit needs to come up with something unique.”
Something's gotta happen
It's true that Reddit could still bail on an IPO, especially if there's a bad turn in the stock market. It could even sell to a bigger company, though that seems unlikely. Or perhaps it could simply decide against dealing with all the invasive pressures of going public.
“You could generate income until the cows come home as a private company and not be bothered by the regularity and exposure that comes with being public,” said Professor David Brophy, director of the University of Michigan's Center for Venture Capital and Private Equity. “That's the biggest argument for staying private.”
It's not a bad argument. Alas, it's not so simple. Though currently private, Reddit has a lot of investors counting on it — and watching the company like hawks. Some kind of liquidity move may be necessary in the near future.
“All these people have put something in and at some point Reddit has to return on that investment,” said Portell. “The most certain way to get that ROI is with an IPO.”
However, Reddit doesn't want to end up like Zynga, the video game developer that went prancing to its IPO only to get candy-crushed.
“Zynga was a shooting star, went public, then its growth rate stopped because it didn't have the next hit game,” said Mawhinney. “It's not that the company will die, but it can be crippling in that they can't ever get their mojo back. People are asking whether Snapchat can rebound. Even Twitter struggled, though to a lesser degree. Reddit has teams both internally and externally asking, ‘How do we avoid that?'”
Sounds like we've got a few years to find out — and in the meantime, we're sure to see plenty of innovations come Reddit's way. Hopefully, its devout users, aka redditors, won't take offense — or if they do, they won't stay away for long.
“When Facebook introduced its News Feed everyone hated it, so without a doubt whatever [Reddit does], a segment of users will be upset,” said Gulati. “News Feed was [detested at first], but now no user can imagine Facebook without it, and it added great utility to the experience.”
HQuality
Pull out your license. Depending on your state's license design, either on the front or the back there should be some symbol or phrase denoting you as an organ donor. About 45 percent of all Americans fall into this special group, according to the Atlantic. (Like this incredible woman who was a kidney donor—twice.) But what exactly does it take to be a donor?
Eligibility wise, “all adults in the U.S. and in some states people under the age of 18” can designate themselves as a donor, according to organdonor.gov. But soon enough, there might need to be an addendum to those requirements, as new research has opened up the possibility of pigs becoming organ donors in the not-so-distant future.
The experiments, which were documented in Science, involved editing the DNA of cloned pigs so that they would no longer be susceptible to “retroviruses” which could infect humans after the transplant.
The retrovirus issue is only one part of the challenges which face pig-to-human transplants. Although pig organs are appropriately sized for humans and seem to be able to function as needed, they are coated with a layer of carbohydrates which cause other organisms to reject said tissue.
However, steps have been made to address that problem, also through gene editing. Pig organs without carbohydrates were created in cloned pigs and then transplanted into monkeys and baboons successfully. A year later, those monkeys and baboons are still healthy.
According to the New York Times, 33,600 organ transplants were conducted last year (you have to read the amazing story of a man who held his own heart in his hands after a successful transplant), and 21 people die each day while waiting for an organ. If research like this continues to find success, this issue will become a non-issue soon enough.
Source: The New York Times
It can be difficult to share details about how you feel, especially online. Motivational apps have existed for years, but most simply offer words of encouragement. While that alone can certainly be helpful in many circumstances, sometimes you might need more help. That's where Paralign comes in.
Paralign is a one-of-a-kind personalized thought and mood tracker. Once you log in with an online account (or continue as a guest, but your data won't be saved), you can create posts with your thoughts, and include a rating of how you currently feel. Paralign will use this data to track your mood over time, and try to offer helpful advice or articles.
What sets Paralign apart is the ability to connect to people with the same problems/feelings. The Community tab will show a feed of thoughts from other people using the app. You can tap the heart icon to give support (the other person gets a notification saying 'You are not alone'), or tap the chat button to talk to them (or see what other people have replied with). The app uses artificial intelligence to look for people saying similar things as you, or you can filter the posts manually.
There are a few other nice features too, like built-in meditation audio guides, optional integration with the Human API data platform, and more. If you want to try out Paralign, you can download it for free from the Play Store below.
Senator Dino Melaye Hospitalised After Jumping Off Moving Police Vehicle
Senator representing Kogi West Senatorial District, Dino Melaye has reportedly jumped out of a police moving vehicle conveying him to Kogi state and ran into a thick bush.
According to reports, police operatives also jumped out of the vehicle and gave the fleeing lawmaker a hot chase.
SIGNAL gathered that Senator Melaye injured himself in the process and has been rushed to Zankli hospital in the Mabushi area of Abuja.
More to come…
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Senator Dino Melaye Hospitalised After Jumping Off Moving Police Vehicle appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Snow falls over northwestern parts of Florida
Surprised Floridians share videos on social media​ after it snowed in northwestern parts of the Sunshine State.
Barr also criticized her co-stars overnight, including Michael Fishman, who played her son D.J. on her hit show "Roseanne" and its revival, for speaking out against her.
Fishman tweeted that he felt "devastated" by Barr's words, especially given that the staff of "Roseanne" had been so dedicated to storylines that strived for inclusiveness.
In response, Barr shot back: "i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. nice!"
She also furiously called out fellow co-star Sara Gilbert, who played her daughter Darlene, for expressing her disappointment.
"Wow! unreal," Barr replied.
Her tweets kept coming Wednesday morning, touching on everything from religion ("I'm a Jew making fun of Hitler, bigot," she defensively responded to a user who shared a photo of her from 2009, when she was slammed for posing as Hitler for a satirical magazine) to backing off from fully blaming the Ambien that she said she had taken. "i blamed myself. not ambien," she wrote.
Ambien, the brand name for zolpidem, and other sleeping pills are some of the most widely prescribed drugs in the United States. Zolpidem is classified by the Food and Drug Administration as a hypnotic and a host of serious side effects are associated with it, including memory problems; sleepwalking; and sleep eating, sleep cooking, and sleep driving.
And on Wednesday afternoon, Barr insisted she was "not a racist," tweeting: "I never was & I never will be."
"One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios. at the expense of my nerve system/family/wealth will NEVER be taken from me," she tweeted.
Twitter users immediately pounced on Barr's claim that her sleeping pill led her to write the offensive tweet.
"Ask your doctor if blaming Ambien for your racism is right for you," one wrote.
And Sanofi, the maker of Ambien, tweeted: "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
Meanwhile, Trump finally weighed in on the issue Wednesday, tweeting just after 11:30 a.m. ET:
"Bob Iger [president] of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
MIRAMAR, Fla. — A pet dog attacked and killed an 8-month-old girl at the Florida home of a caregiver.
Miramar police said they received a call about the attack just before noon Wednesday, but by the time officers and paramedics arrived the baby was dead.
They said the suburban Fort Lauderdale home belongs to a relative who was babysitting the child. No names or further details were immediately released, including the breed of the dog.
Two other dogs at the house were not involved.
Movie Synopsis:
A 'pop-u-mentary' following award-winning performance artist Bryony Kimmings and her 10-year old niece Taylor as they try to combat the hyper-sexualised and commercialised world of pop by creating their very own alternative popstar role model for Tweens.
They launch their creation into the world and measure her impact against a series of 'Fame Aims', including one million hits on YouTube and national radio play for one of her songs. Bryony and Taylor's adventure sees them perform to thousands of children, garner national media attention, and takes them to the other side of the world and back. But the impact it has closer to home is perhaps the most powerful of all.
Damian Garza, left, and Roberto Carbajal, right, are seen in these mugshots released by the Harris County Precinct 5 Constables Office on April 24, 2018.
Two men were arrested Saturday after they were caught street racing in west Houston, and an 11-year-old boy was in one of the cars, authorities said.
Deputies at the Harris County Precinct 5 Constables Office said that Damian Garza, 19, and Roberto Carbajal, 25, were traveling at speeds near 100 mph on the Katy Freeway before they were stopped near Kirkwood Road.
Inside Carbajal's car was an 11-year-old boy who is related to Garza, deputies said.
Both Garza and Carbajal were charged with racing on a highway.
The child was released into the custody of another relative.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Five stories in the news for Wednesday, July 4
——
OTTAWA JULY 4TH PARTY TO BE SMALLER THIS YEAR
A smaller than usual Fourth of July party is scheduled for the U.S. ambassador's residence in Ottawa tonight, In past years, the annual bash had a guest list that grew to include more than 4,000, but that's been trimmed to an estimated 1,000 people. Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson and N-D-P Leader Jagmeet Singh are among those taking a pass, citing trade tensions and concerns with the Donald Trump administration.
——
HEAT WAVE CLAIMS SIX LIVES IN MONTREAL
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days. They say the victims fit the profile of people at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home. In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
——
SEARCH CONTINUES FOR MISSING HIKERS IN B.C.
Search and rescue crews continue searching for three missing hikers at Shannon Falls Provincial Park near Squamish, B.C. RCMP say the three were swimming in a pool on Tuesday afternoon at the top of Shannon Falls with a group of friends when they slipped and fell into a another pool 30 metres below. Cpl. Sascha Banks says dangerous terrain and a heavy water flow is complicating the search.
——
B.C. EXPLORING BASIC INCOME
British Columbia has asked a team of experts to explore how providing people with a basic income could work in the province. The province's minority NDP government promised to implement a basic income pilot in its agreement with the Green party that allowed it to take office last summer. A basic income generally refers to a payment to eligible people that ensures a minimum income level, regardless of whether they're employed.
——
MERGED CANCER SOCIETY SEES TURNAROUND
The Canadian Cancer Society says last year's merger with the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation has taken the charity from a substantial deficit to a solid surplus. The charity was carrying a $24.8-million shortfall to the Feb. 1, 2017 merger. But the revamped organization, which operates under the Canadian Cancer Society banner, has posted a nearly $8-million surplus.
——
ALSO IN THE NEWS TODAY:
— Trial date to be set for New Brunswick Southern Railway which pleaded not guilty to 24 charges related to oil transportation.
— The Canadian Transportation Agency will hold a public consultation in Ottawa on air passenger protection.
— Court appearance in Winnipeg for Guido Amsel to set sentencing dates for trying to kill three with letter bombs.
— B.C. Health Minister Adrian Dix will make an announcement about public health-care needs.
— Court appearance in Victoria for ex-Olympic rower Harold Backer on fraud charges.
The games' mascot, Hero the Hedgehog, stole the show at the 2017 IAAF World Champs 10-day event. Here are his best, funniest and most entertaining moments from the championship.
Hero the Hedgehog was the star of this year's IAAF World Champs 10-day event. Hero was created after a nationwide search in partnership with the iconic BBC children's television show Blue Peter. He was created by Elinor, aged nine from the West Midlands, and stood out from an overwhelming response of more than 4000 entries to the official mascot competition.
Why a hedgehog? Elinor wanted to raise awareness about the declining number of hedgehogs in the UK.
And so the mascot took on a life of his own whether it was running after athletes, holding up ridiculous signs, sliding into the steeplechase water on a blow-up doughnut or just dancing his way through the event – Hero certainly lived up to his name!
Here are the best moments from the 10-day event:
Top Tweets:
📹 Not the Hero London needs. The Hero London deserves. For one more time tonight #BeTheNext #HEROtheHedgehog pic.twitter.com/beIV8ezwC4 — IAAF World Champs (@IAAFWorldChamps) August 13, 2017
Geoffrey Rogers knew he felt better after hitting the treadmill.
"When I would finish one of the session there would be a calmness. The tremor would be calm," said Rogers, a 69-year-old Parkinson's patient.
Geoffrey Rogers, 69, felt better when he exercised vigorously as part of an experiment looking at whether exercise helps Parkinson's patients. Dana Rogers Edenhurst Studios
Rogers was part of a study released Monday that showed intense exercise can slow the progression of Parkinson's — enough so patients can notice the difference.
It's the latest study to show that exercise benefits patients with Parkinson's, and in this case, shows that patients shouldn't be shy about pushing themselves and getting sweaty.
In fact, the harder they pushed, the better they did, the team reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association's JAMA Neurology.
"We gave them a proper workout," said Daniel Corcos, a professor of physical therapy at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, who helped lead the study.
"If you have Parkinson's disease and you want to delay the progression of your symptoms, you should exercise three times a week with your heart rate between 80 to 85 percent maximum. It is that simple.”
Related: Pineapple Pesticide Linked With Parkinson's
Rogers pushed himself four to six times a week as part of the study, cranking up the incline on his home treadmill and walking hard. Afterwards, the tremor that is one of the hallmarks of Parkinson's would subside for a while, he said.
"It might last 20 minutes or more. It's not a cure; it's a way to manage the symptoms," Rogers told NBC News.
It's clear that exercise is good for Parkinson's patients, said Dr. Lisa Shulman, who does her own experiments on exercise and Parkinson's at the University of Maryland School of Medicine
“The evidence is really very strong at this point. There is sufficient evidence now to warrant a general recommendation,” said Shulman, who was not involved in this study.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed How Patients Are Using Cycling to Slow Down Parkinson's autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Parkinson's symptoms include tremor, rigid muscles and problems with movement. While early treatment can delay the worst symptoms, people almost always get worse. About 60,000 Americans are diagnosed with Parkinson's disease each year and about a million Americans have Parkinson's now.
No medical therapy can cure Parkinson's and while exercise was always shown to help people feel better, it was not generally accepted as a true therapy until recently.
Now teams are trying to find out how much exercise helps and just which symptoms it affects. Doctors say they'd be thrilled just to slow the inevitable worsening of the disease and if they can freeze progression or reverse symptoms, that would be a home run.
Needs to be high intensity
Corcos and colleagues say the most intense exercise appears to have at least temporarily frozen symptoms in many of their volunteers.
"The earlier in the disease you intervene, the more likely it is you can prevent the progression of the disease," Corcos said in a statement.
"We delayed worsening of symptoms for six months,” he added. “Whether we can prevent progression any longer than six months will require further study."
Related: Walking Helps Parkinson's
They worked with 128 patients with early stage Parkinson's. They randomly assigned them to either moderate exercise four days a week, intense exercise four days a week, or no additional exercise.
It's important to randomly assign people, because it's possible people who voluntarily exercise more or harder also have different symptoms or less severe disease.
The vigorous exercise group were pushed on a treadmill, with the researchers increasing speed and incline until the volunteers were at 80 to 85 percent of their aerobic capacity, meaning they were breathing hard and probably sweating. Rogers was assigned to this group.
"This is not mild stretching. This is high intensity,” Corcos said.
They were trained at the hospital, and then sent home to exercise as part of their daily lives and asked to send their data to the researchers.
“ If you have Parkinson's disease and you want to delay the progression of your symptoms, you should exercise three times a week with your heart rate between 80 to 85 percent maximum.”
The moderate group were pushed to 60 to 65 percent of capacity, which feels like exercise but doesn't get the heart pumping as hard.
Maximum heart rate is based on age and there's a formula for calculating exertion. “An estimate of a person's maximum age-related heart rate can be obtained by subtracting the person's age from 220,” the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says.
The maximum heart rate of a 50-year-old person is 170 beats per minute, so 80 percent of that is 136 beats per minute and 60 percent is 102 beats per minute.
Related: Gut germs affect Parkinson's
For some people, a brisk walk will get them to the 80 percent level, while others may need to be running or walking up a steep incline.
The team also assigned people to exercise four days a week with the hope they would actually do it three days a week, for six months. They did indeed get about three days of week of exercise in both groups.
To determine if patients got better or worse, the researchers used the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale. The volunteers were on average at about 20 on the scale, which measures 31 different areas of mood, activity levels and motor skills. Patients score from 0-4 on each and thus the most severe possible score is 124.
After six months, those in the high intensity group were still at about 20, on average.
"I was not getting worse. I was not deteriorating during that period of time," said Rogers, who also did not take any medication during the experiment.
"You could feel it."
Those taking moderate exercise worsened very slightly — by about 1.5 points on average, which in any single person would not be noticeably worse. Those who did not exercise worsened by three points on average, which is enough for someone to notice, says Shulman.
Shulman did a similar experiment. She found that no matter how intense the exercise, almost all patients who exercised were later able to walk faster.
Related: Parkinson's patients dance away their symptoms
“This was counter to our hypothesis. We thought the higher-intensity group would improve the most,” she said.
Shulman and Corcos agree — exercise isn't just a feel-good thing that Parkinson's patients can do as a complementary activity. It's actual medical treatment.
"We are stopping people from getting worse, which is significant, particularly if we catch them early in the disease," Corcos said.
“ I was not getting worse. I was not deteriorating during that period of time.”
“It's part of the idea that exercise is medicine."
Rogers, who owns a construction business, says he failed to keep up with the exercise program when the study ended four years ago, and his Parkinson's has worsened since.
"The tremor is more intense. It happens more often," he said. He has no idea if the symptoms had worsened had he continued to exercise at the same level he did during the six-month-long study.
But it was hard to work and exercise that much, too, he said.
"It was too much. I am going to slow down, which will free up some time for working out more," Rogers promised.
COSTA MESA — Equestrians rode in hot to challenge a proposal to reduce the horse arena and stable space at the Orange County Fair and Event Center; and their concerns were heard by fair officials who have vowed to get more input from the community before deciding on future development plans for the fairgrounds.
Supporters of the 7.5-acre equestrian center – a collection of stables, corrals and practice areas at the fairgrounds' northeast corner – first expressed dismay in April over a proposal to build new paddocks elsewhere on the property, while replacing the equestrian center with multi-purpose space and parking.
The fair's board of directors is working on a 10-year plan for the 150-acre fairgrounds in Costa Mesa, which hosts the annual four-week Orange County Fair as well as concerts, sporting events, trade shows and other activities.
In response to the equestrians' outcry, the board opted last week to hold a series of meetings to consider what the horse community and the public wants, fair board Chairwoman Barbara Bagneris said Wednesday. Meeting dates have not been set.
“We aren't going to do anything right now,” Bagneris said, adding that as the process moves forward, “We're going to be very transparent and everyone is going to have a voice to determine the future of the equestrian center.”
More than three-quarters of the Orange County Fair and Event Center's annual income, which totaled $46.2 million in 2016, comes from the fair. The equestrian center is run by a hired management company that brings in tenants including trainers and riders who board their horses. It contributes about $144,000 to annual revenues.
Besides changes to the equestrian center, the proposed seven-phase, $169 million master fairgrounds plan, if approved, would expand the administration building, fix up the Centennial Farm, build a parking garage and new livestock barn and relocate the main entrance.
The equestrian plan frustrated center users, some of whom thought it contradicted the board's mission of serving the community and preserving the county's agricultural heritage, trainer Gibran Stout of O.C. Vaulting said. O.C. Vaulting is based out of the equestrian center.
Stout and trainer Molly Brock said they're pleased with Bagneris' suggestion to expand public access to the equestrian facilities through programs such as equine therapy, but they agreed the horse community and fair officials still have to work on their relationship.
For example, Brock said, she wonders why another location wasn't chosen for a recent construction project next to the horse arena. For several weeks, heavy loads have been crashing to the ground, which can startle the animals and make them bolt, she said.
Stout said they could use more space for equestrian activities, not less than was initially proposed. In recent years, riders have lamented the loss of stables and other facilities as land values and demand for housing soared.
“We're happy that they want to work with us,” Brock said, “But I hope that they take it seriously and it's not just talk.”
Disney-ABC Exec Was Using Roseanne's Tweets Just Two Weeks Ago to Promote Show to Advertisers: WATCH
A 20-year-old British neo-Nazi who came out as bisexual while on trial for allegedly planning to launch an attack at a Pride event last year and was convicted of plotting terrorism in February has been sentenced to an indefinite hospital order, the BBC reports.
Ethan Stables denied plotting to carry out a machete attack at the event in Barrow, Cumbria, UK in June 2017.
In January, Stables told the court he is bisexual after the jury watched a video of him saying “gays look nicer on fire” before burning a rainbow flag.
He also told the jury: “I am disgusted and ashamed at myself for what I said. I just wish I could turn the clock back. I'm sorry.”
Stables' godfather, who is gay, told the Jury that he did not believe his godson was homophobic, but said he was a loner who had “paranoid fantasies” and was stubborn when told to stop doing something.
Said Phillip Loveless to the Court in January: “He would get very fixated on certain ideas. On one level it seemed totally bizarre [when he was arrested] but on another level we had all been waiting for something to happen.”
The Guardian reported:
Armed police swooped on Stables on 23 June as he walked towards the New Empire pub in Barrow, Cumbria, which was hosting a gay pride event. He was unarmed when he was arrested, but police later found an axe and a machete at his home.
Officers had received a tip-off from a member of a far-right Facebook group where Stables posted a message saying he was “going to war” and that he planned to “slaughter every single one of the gay bastards”.
After he was arrested, police found Stables had made internet searches for “how to make chemical poison”, “what is prison like for a murderer”, “I want to go on a killing spree” and “do you get haircuts in prison”.
He swapped messages with fellow extremists, blaming the fact that he was jobless on “faggots, n—-rs, spastics” and the Equalities Act.
Stables was told in court today that he presented a “very real threat to the public.”
The Ohio Department of Transportation is starting to remove trees along southbound I-75 near the Anthony Wayne Trail exit.
This process was scheduled to begin a few weeks ago but weather delayed things.
The trees are being removed as part of a rebuilding project to widen the road.
Work is supposed to continue all week, but is all dependent on the weather.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
In a conference call Sunday, the official said the death penalty would be sought for trafficking in some opioids, including fentanyl, "when appropriate under current law."
The official declined to offer specifics and directed reporters to the Justice Department, which did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Related: Opioids put more kids than ever into the hospital
Trump's plan will also seek to reduce the number of opioid prescriptions filled across the country by one-third — a number the official attributed to the tightening of federal reimbursement policies and prescribing practices.
"We have a problem of overusing," the official said.
Sean Rayford
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley Confirmed as UN Ambassador
The two-term governor faced questions from Democrats over her lack of experience with global affairs but won plaudits from senators for her handling of prickly issues like Russia and UN actions toward Israel during her confirmation hearings.
0:30 Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court Pause
1:11 Mall brawl at Sawgrass Mills
7:30 Plundering a small town
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — The Latest on a suicide attack outside a restaurant in Somalia's capital (all times local):
___
9:05 p.m.
Police say there is confusion whether gunmen are inside a restaurant in Somalia's capital after a suicide car bomb detonated at its gate.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein at first said gunmen were fighting their way inside the restaurant and that a hostage situation was underway.
Hussein now says it's possible the attack ended with the car bombing outside the Pizza House restaurant. The restaurant is just meters away from another establishment popular with the city's elite.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas in Mogadishu.
___
8:45 p.m.
Police say a suicide bomber has detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says a hostage situation is under way at the Pizza House restaurant.
Hussein has no immediate information about any casualties.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
North Korea says it released an American university student over what it calls humanitarian reasons in its first official comment since he was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma.
The state-run Korean Central News Agency on Thursday said Otto Warmbier had been sentenced to hard labor but didn't comment on his medical condition.
The 22-year-old Warmbier, a University of Virginia undergraduate, was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea's Supreme Court in March 2016. He got 15 years in prison with hard labor for subversion after he tearfully confessed that he had tried to steal a propaganda banner.
His father, Fred Warmbier, told Fox News that his son was "terrorized and brutalized" and has been in a coma for more than a year.
COURT: A KFC dinner has been blamed for a man's failure to appear at Gympie Magistrates Court.
COURT: A KFC dinner has been blamed for a man's failure to appear at Gympie Magistrates Court. Contributed
Court absence blamed on bad KFC
A MAN who failed to appear at his Gympie Magistrates Court dates on Monday claimed his absence came down to some bad KFC.
Michael Graeme Kilner, 34, said his entire family had become ill after eating dinner from the fast-food franchise on Sunday night in a letter to Magistrate Chris Callaghan.
Mr Kilner, facing one drug-related charge and one for contravening direction or requirement of police, said he was looking after his stricken family members in the letter.
Magistrate Chris Callaghan delayed issuing an arrest warrant and adjourned the matter until May 21.
Connection mistakes cause courtroom delay
PROCEEDINGS at Gympie Magistrates Court on Monday suffered a minor delay when scheduled appearances via videolink were connected to the wrong courtroom on two separate occasions.
Magistrate Chris Callaghan told one man to remain seated and wait for re-direction after asking for his name.
"You're not to appear in Gympie court,” Mr Callaghan said.
Another man, scheduled to appear at Kingaroy, was connected to the Gympie courtroom approximately 15 minutes later.
Matters soon proceeded as normal when the right video feed was linked to the court.
Guilty plea rejected
A WOMAN has had her guilty plea rejected at Gympie Magistrates Court after claiming the bong she was smoking did not contain cannabis.
Mandylee Knight initially pleaded guilty to one charge of possessing a utensil used for unlawful drug use, but told Magistrate Chris Callaghan she was using the pipe for tobacco as a "placebo effect” when police found her smoking it during a property search last month.
Mr Callaghan told her he couldn't accept the plea because her actions were not illegal if she wasn't using the pipe to smoke cannabis.
He adjourned the matter despite Ms Knight saying she "just want(ed) to get it over and done with”.
The matter won't be back before the court until the pipe can be analysed and tested.
Why it matters to you If you like dark cherry paint jobs and chance to own a limited edition three-wheeler, this could be your next bike.
Polaris Slingshot fans now have an additional model choice and this time it's a limited edition. The 2017 Midnight Cherry Slingshot SL LE with a unique color scheme is available immediately.
Polaris hasn't released specific production numbers for the Slingshot SL LEs, but the midnight-cherry paint with white accents and graphics are only available with this model. All the other features listed as upgrades from the standard Slingshot are also included with the other, non-limited Slingshot SLs. The standard color choices for SLs are navy blue, black pearl, and sunset red.
The Midnight Cherry Slingshot SL LE lists for $27,000, or $1,500 more than the blue, black, and red versions, which sell for $25,500.
All Slingshots come with a 2.4-liter engine that produces 173 horsepower and 166 foot-pounds of torque and a five-speed manual transmission. ABS disc brakes, electronic power-assisted steering, and electronic stability and traction control are standard drivability features. The three-wheeler has adjustable, waterproof seats, tilt steering, and an engine airflow management system for driver comfort. Slingshots also have projector beam headlights, LED taillights, and lockable storage bins and glovebox.
The SL options (other than paint color and graphics) include cast aluminum wheels, 18-inches for the two front wheels and 20-inches for the single back wheel. Interior upgrades include a Rockford Fosgate audio system, pleated seats with accent stitching, and a media console with a 4.3-inch LCD screen, backup camera, and Bluetooth integration.
The Slingshot drives like a car, or at least like a car with three wheels. It's considered a three-wheeled motorcycle, however, so there are no airbags. Depending on your state's motorcycle laws, you will need a motorcycle license or endorsement and if two-wheel bike riders have to wear helmets in your state, you will too.
The 2017 Midnight Cherry Slingshot SL LE doesn't have any performance upgrades over the standard $22,000 Slingshot. If you want to bump up the performance without doing it yourself, the 2017 Slingshot SLR is the flagship. Available in orange madness and turbo silver color schemes, the SLR, which lists for $28,500, has an upgraded exhaust manifold cover, open air intake, and composite brake rotors. The other SLR upgrades in addition to the SL models include an interior LED lighting kit, and Sparco steering wheel, shift knob, and pedal covers.
Davido Set To Drop R. Kelly's Version Of IF? (See Details)
Davido is all over the media at the moment and for the right reasons. Prior to the release of his hit tune FALL, fans were grooving to what became a national anthem “IF” and believe me when the “30 Billion” part comes on, then, you get the feeling!! However, IF broke local boundaries as it …
The post Davido Set To Drop R. Kelly's Version Of IF? (See Details) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A young boy needed CPR after being rescued from a house fire in Sunderland last night.
Crews from Marley Park, Farringdon, and Sunderland Central fire stations were called to a report of a fire in an upstairs bedroom at a house in Wentbridge in Witherwack shortly after midnight.
A Tyne and Wear Fire and Rescue Service spokeswoman said: "On arrival, crews rescued a young child from an adjacent bedroom.
"He was given CPR on scene by fire service personnel and transferred via ambulance to Sunderland Royal Hospital."
All other members of the family were out of the house when the fire service arrived.
Six firefighters wearing breathing apparatus tackled the fire.
Google's efforts to close the gender gap are misguided because women have more "neuroticism," according to a controversial manifesto written by an unnamed male engineer at the search-engine giant.
The 10-page memo was emailed Friday to more than 40,000 employees at Google, many of whom excoriated the author on social media after reading it. The memo published in full by tech site Gizmodo on Saturday.
On Monday, the engineer told Bloomberg that he'd been fired for "perpetuating gender stereotypes." NBC News has not independently confirmed the dismissal.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'Recode' Editor: Google Employee's Anti-Women Memo Hurts Tech Industry 3:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Titled "Google's Ideological Echo Chamber," the document blames the underrepresentation of women in tech on "personality differences" between the sexes — not on any workplace discrimination they may experience.
"Women, on average, have more openness directed towards feelings and aesthetics rather than ideas. Women generally also have a stronger interest in people rather than things, relative to men (also interpreted as empathizing vs. systemizing)," the screed reads.
Women also have more "neuroticism (higher anxiety, lower stress tolerance)," it continued. "This may contribute to the higher levels of anxiety women report on Googlegeist [an annual company survey] and to the lower number of women in high stress jobs."
The software engineer accused Google of muting opinions about diversity to protect "psychological safety," and said that "this silencing has created an ideological echo chamber where some ideas are too sacred to be honestly discussed."
Related: Feds Accuse Google of Underpaying Female Employees
The divisive memo comes just four months after federal investigators accused Google of underpaying female employees doing similar work to men. Google denied the accusations.
Google's logo Loic Venance / AFP - Getty Images
In response to the manifesto, Google Chief Diversity Officer Danielle Brown sent an email to Googlers saying that "like many of you, I found that it advanced incorrect assumptions about gender."
"Diversity and inclusion are a fundamental part of our values and the culture we continue to cultivate. We are unequivocal in our belief that diversity and inclusion are critical to our success as a company, and we'll continue to stand for that and be committed to it for the long haul," Brown wrote.
While the document has led to outrage publicly, the author says he has heard from many fellow employees who thanked him and agree with him, CNBC.com reported.
Here are several other controversial quotes from the now-viral manifesto:
"Women have more 'extraversion expressed as gregariousness rather than assertiveness. Also, higher agreeableness. This leads to women generally having a harder time negotiating salary, asking for raises, speaking up, and leading. Note that these are just average differences and there's overlap between men and women, but this is seen solely as a women's issue.'"
"We need to stop assuming that gender gaps imply sexism."
I strongly believe in gender and racial diversity, and I think we should strive for more. However, to achieve a more equal gender and race representation, Google has created several discriminatory practices: Programs, mentoring, and classes only for people with a certain gender or race; a high priority queue and special treatment for 'diversity' candidates; hiring practices which can effectively lower the bar for 'diversity' candidates by decreasing the false negative rate."
At least one former male Google engineer Yonatan Zunger, slammed the memo on Medium, writing, " It's true that women are socialized to be better at paying attention to people's emotional needs and so on — this is something that makes them better engineers, not worse ones. It's a skillset that I did not start out with, and have had to learn through years upon years of grueling work."
NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) — The world's last male northern white rhino, Sudan, has died after 'age-related complications'
A student holds up a sign to protest the murder of three film students who have become emblematic of Mexico's missing, in Mexico City, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Prosecutors said the three were abducted by the Jalisco New Generation Cartel because they were filming a school project at a house used by the rival Nueva Plaza gang. The students were using the residence because it belonged to one of their aunts. Eduardo Verdugo AP Photo
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). This Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo shows the entrance to North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, Calif., following the shooting death of a teacher and a student on Monday. Classes are scheduled to resume Monday, April 17,...
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). In this Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo, North Park Elementary School principal Yadira Downing, center rear, talks with Ruben Gutierrez and his grandson Jeffrey Imbriani, 7, after shooting death of a teacher and a student on Monday...
(AP Photo/Reed Saxon). In this Tuesday, April 11, 2017 photo, North Park Elementary School principal Yadira Downing, center right facing camera, with glasses on, talks with faculty, staff and parents following the shooting death of a teacher and a stud...
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (AP) - A performer blew bubbles, a man handed out teddy bears and parents shared hugs and prayers Monday outside a California elementary school, as students returned to class a week after a gunman opened fire in the special education classroom of his estranged wife, killing her and an 8-year-old boy.
Students on buses rolling up to North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino saw a large banner that read: "We love you."
Dr. Dale Marsden, school district superintendent, said the reopening of the school was the first step toward healing after the deadly attack.
"We are all feeling the pain that comes with a tragedy like this," he said. "Together, we will move forward."
North Park had been closed since April 10, when police said Cedric Anderson killed Karen Smith and Jonathan Martinez then fatally shot himself.
Police said Anderson had been targeting Smith but the bullets hit Jonathan and 9-year-old Nolan Brandy, who was wounded and later released from a hospital.
Anderson went to the school after failing to persuade his wife to take him back after they broke up just weeks into their marriage.
Marsden said he was proud of the faculty for the way they are handling the tragedy.
"They put their arms of healing around each other; they put their arms of healing around the students when they came in today," he said. "It's just a beautiful process."
School officials said security has been tightened and police stood guard outside the school where a memorial with flowers, candles and balloons remained on a sidewalk. Counselors were available for students and staff.
"We will not allow the actions of one individual to interrupt our commitment to our students," Marsden said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Share
With an impressive dual camera setup, plenty of video recording options, and AI smarts built into its core, the LG V35 ThinQ is an impressive new smartphone from LG. But it has been less than a year since the LG V30 rolled out. What has the South Korean manufacturer added? Is the V35 ThinQ a major improvement over its predecessor? We decided to put the two phones head-to-head to find out.
Specs
LG V35 ThinQ LG V30 Size 151.6 x 75.4 x 7.3mm (5.97 x 2.97 x 0.29 inches) 151.6 x 75.4 x 7.3 mm (5.97 x 2.97 x 0.29 inches) Weight 158 grams (5.57 ounces) 158 grams (5.57 ounces) Screen size 6-inch OLED 6-inch P-OLED display Screen resolution 2,880 x 1,440 pixels (538 pixels-per-inch) 2,880 x 1,440 pixels (538 pixels-per-inch) Operating system Android 8.0 Oreo Android 7.1.2 Nougat (upgradeable to 8.0 Oreo) Storage space 64GB 64GB, 128GB (on the V30 Plus) MicroSD card slot Yes, up to 2TB Yes, up to 256 GB Tap-to-pay services Android Pay Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 RAM 6GB 4GB Camera Dual 16MP (with OIS) and 16MP wide angle rear, 8MP front Dual 16MP and 13MP wide angle rear, 5MP wide angle front Video Up to 4K at 30 fps, 1080p at 30 fps, 720p at 240 fps, HDR10 Up to 4K at 30 fps, 1080p at 30 fps, 720p at 120 fps Bluetooth version Bluetooth 5.0 Bluetooth 5.0 Ports 3.5mm headphone jack, USB-Type C 3.5mm headphone jack, USB-Type C Fingerprint sensor Yes Yes Water resistance IP68 IP68 Battery 3,300mAh Fast charging (Quick Charge 3.0) Qi wireless charging 3,300mAh Fast charging(Quick Charge 3.0) Qi wireless charging App marketplace Google Play Store Google Play Store Network support AT&T, Project Fi All major carriers Colors Aurora Black, Platinum Gray Cloud Silver, Moroccan Blue, Aurora Black, Lavender Violet, Raspberry Rose Price $900 $800 Buy from AT&T, Project Fi Sprint, Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile Review score Hands-on review 4 out of 5 stars
Performance, battery life, and charging
Phones get faster every year with many of the top flagships adopting Qualcomm's latest processor. The LG V35 ThinQ is no exception, packing a Snapdragon 845 which is faster and more power efficient than the Snapdragon 835 that you'll find in the LG V30. While it definitely offers improvements, we never encountered any issues with performance in the LG V30. The difference between the two in every day use is likely to be quite subtle.
The V35 ThinQ has also been beefed up in the RAM department with 6GB instead of the 4GB that the V30 made do with. How much RAM a phone needs is the subject of some debate, but if you're not a major multitasker, dipping in and out of countless apps and games, we don't think you'll feel much difference here either.
When it comes to battery size and charging capabilities these phones are identical. They both have 3,300mAh batteries that support Quick Charge 3.0 via the USB-C port, which is capable of delivering around 50 percent in just over half an hour. They also both support Qi wireless charging.
While it may not feel much different now, the extra performance and RAM will be more telling over time and the V35 ThinQ certainly offers more raw power.
Winner: LG V35 ThinQ
Design and durability
You may have trouble telling these phones apart at first glance. In fact, you may struggle to tell them apart at second glance, too. The LG V35 ThinQ and the LG V30 are identical in terms of outward appearance. They both have a 6-inch display with curved corners, small bezels, and no notch. They both have glass backs with a dual camera module and a fingerprint sensor beneath. They both have a USB-C port on the bottom and a headphone port on the top. They both…well, you get the picture.
While you'll want a case to guard against drop damage, both these phones also boast IP68 certification, which means they can handle short dunks into water without damage. Interestingly, the V35 ThinQ employs Corning's Gorilla Glass 4 instead of the Gorilla Glass 5 found in the V30. We don't have unbreakable smartphone glass yet, but we do know that Gorilla Glass 5 can withstand falls from greater heights without damage. However, the trade-off is usually that tougher protection against impacts means lesser protection against scratching, and glancing at our well-used LG V30 it does have a few scratches on the body, so perhaps that's why LG switched here.
The only other difference you'll find is the color options. The V35 ThinQ only comes in black or gray so far. The V30 can be found in black, silver, blue, violet, and rose.
There's not enough here to separate these contenders, so this round has to be a tie.
Winner: Tie
Display
These phones both boast a 6-inch OLED screen with an 18:9 aspect ratio and a resolution of 2,880 x 1,440 pixels, which translates to 538 pixels-per-inch. They're sharp and vibrant with inky blacks and support for HDR. In short, these displays are top notch. They're also identical, so there's no dividing the phones here.
Winner: Tie
Camera
The V35 ThinQ offers some subtle hardware improvements in the camera department, pairing a 16-megapixel lens with an f/1.6 aperture and a 16-megapixel wide angle lens with an f/1.9 aperture. In the LG V30 the wide angle lens is rated at 13 megapixels. The front-facing camera in the V35 ThinQ is also better — it's an 8-megapixel camera with an f/1.9 aperture. Compared to the 5-megapixel, f/2.2 aperture shooter in the V30, it should capture more detail and perform better in low light.
The V stands for video, so both these phones can record 4K at 30 frames per second. The V35 ThinQ has support for slow motion video at 240 frames per second in 720p, while the V30 can only manage 120 frames per second. You'll also find Cine Mode options to help you shoot video in different styles.
The main software difference is the addition of AI Cam in the V35 ThinQ, which automatically identifies what's in the shot and theoretically helps you to find the optimal settings to make your photo look good. The V35 also has support for Google Lens built into the camera app, enabling you to identify landmarks, scan text, and more. However, most of these software improvements have already started to roll out to the V30 as an update.
Winner: LG V35 ThinQ
Software and updates
The LG V30 launched with Android 7.1.2 (Nougat), but it has since been updated to Android 8.0 Oreo. The V35 ThinQ is launching with Android 8.0 Oreo and we expect it to be updated to Android P in the near future. Both have LG's user interface over the top and a smattering of LG apps and gesture shortcuts. As the newer phone, we can expect the V35 ThinQ to be a higher priority for updates and to receive them for longer.
Winner: LG V35 ThinQ
Special features
There are a lot more similarities than differences when it comes to special features. The LG V30 and the V35 offer support for Google Daydream and those large, sharp displays make them ideal for virtual reality. We already discussed some of the special video options, and the Google Lens integration, but they can also be found on both devices.
LG has added something called “Super Far-Field Voice Recognition” into the V35, which apparently allows the phone to recognize your voice from up to 17 feet away. That should make it easier to ask Google Assistant for help. Thanks to a special level of integration, you can also task Google Assistant with things like snapping a wide-angle selfie on your V35.
Winner: LG V35 ThinQ
Price
You can pre-order the LG V35 ThinQ for $900 from June 1, and it will ship June 8. It will be sold exclusively on AT&T and Google's Project Fi network. The LG V30 costs $800 and you can find it on all the major carriers including AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, and Sprint.
That means you're looking at paying an extra $100 for a slightly better camera, newer processor, and more RAM. We imagine you might start to see some discounts on the V30 now as well, which could increase the price gap further.
Overall winner: LG V35 ThinQ
The LG V35 ThinQ is the better phone overall, but the improvements are minor. If you're a big selfie fan or you love to play the latest graphically intensive games, then it might justify the extra outlay, but if you already own an LG V30 we don't think it's worth upgrading.
Former RTÉ broadcaster and Head of Sport Fred Cogley has died aged 82.
Mr Cogley began his broadcasting career as a 16-year-old with Radio Eireann in 1950.
With a distinctive style he is best remembered for his many rugby commentaries. He covered 11 Olympic Games, 12 World Cups and remarkably 49 rugby seasons.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:10 Coconut Grove's one-of-a-kind King Mango Strut didn't disappoint in 2016.
0:30 Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
1:33 Feds break up largest Medicare scams in U.S. history
NEW YORK (AP) — An initiative started by Hollywood industry women is calling for New York's governor to investigate the Manhattan district attorney's office over a decision in 2015 not to prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein.
Time's Up says a report in New York magazine is disturbing because it suggests the district attorney's office may have been improperly influenced by Weinstein and sought to intimidate an Italian model who accused the disgraced media mogul of groping her.
She secretly recorded him in a police sting. The district attorney's office decided there wasn't enough evidence to prosecute.
Time's Up says an investigation is necessary to protect the integrity of the office.
Neither the district attorney's office nor the governor's office immediately commented.
Weinstein's attorneys have said he denies any non-consensual contact.
Twenty-nine states and the District of Columbia have now legalized medical marijuana. And eight states — including Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Alaska — plus D.C. have passed laws legalizing recreational marijuana.
West Virginia, which has passed a medical marijuana bill, is poised to legalize medical weed as early as this week. And with lawmakers in other states moving to put marijuana laws on the books, the legal weed movement is growing.
The interactive U.S. map (above) shows the legal status of recreational and medical marijuana. Below, the status is shown in list form.
States where medical marijuana is legal:
• Alaska
• Arizona
• Arkansas
• California
• Colorado
• Connecticut
• Delaware
• Florida
• Hawaii
• Illinois
• Louisiana
• Maine
• Maryland
• Massachusetts
• Michigan
• Minnesota
• Montana
• Nevada
• New Hampshire
• New Jersey
• New Mexico
• New York
• North Dakota
• Ohio
• Oregon
• Pennsylvania
• Rhode Island
• Vermont
• Washington
• Washington, D.C.
States where recreational marijuana is legal:
• Alaska
• California
• Colorado
• Maine
• Massachusetts
• Nevada
• Oregon
• Washington
• Washington, D.C.
_____
Read more from the Yahoo Weed & the American Family series:
Mark McCall admitted Saracens were shocked by their 46-14 collapse to Clermont in a record Champions Cup defeat for the holders.
The heavyweight Pool Two showdown had been delayed by 26 hours due to adverse conditions around Allianz Park and it was the French giants who better adapted to the delay by amassing six tries in a repeat of last season's final.
Saracens lost up to £300,000 due to the postponement and their misery was extended on to the pitch where they crashed to their greatest loss in European competition and a sixth-successive defeat before a crowd of 2,661.
"We didn't see that coming," said McCall, the club's director of rugby.
"I know we've lost a few games in a row, but they were relatively tight games that we lost by a point or two here or there, but we never saw that coming.
THAT IS INCREDIBLE! RAKA IS ON 🔥🔥🔥
Have we just seen the try of the season!?
What a bit of rugby we are seeing. Join us on BT Sport 1 HD & 4K UHD. pic.twitter.com/Ng7ZDPsihp — BT Sport Rugby (@btsportrugby) December 11, 2017
"It shows what conceding a couple of early tries for the opposition can do to your confidence, but we missed so many tackles which is unlike us.
"Individuals were falling off tackles and Clermont have the individuals to penalise us for that.
"We felt good as a group before the game, so the postponement wasn't really relevant."
Saracens missed a total of 37 tackles and it was Fijian wing Alivereti Raka who made the most of their generosity, completing his hat-trick inside 25 minutes.
The rivals meet again in France on Sunday with Clermont now occupying first place in Pool Two with three rounds of the group phase remaining.
"What we said in the changing room is that by the end of January we hope we can be proud of how we we respond to this difficult situation we find ourselves in," McCall said.
"Potentially that isn't just about outcomes because we have a difficult game against Clermont away in six days, it's also about staying tight as a group and sticking together as a group.
"We've got enough good players at the club and people who care about the club enough to respond in the right way over a six-week period.
"We have three Champions Cup games and three Aviva Premiership games to try to find some form and get back to our true selves.
"That won't be easy because we've got a few injuries, but let's see how we respond in six weeks time to this very difficult situation."
Handsomely clad in a suit at a posh Mercedes-Benz party at the New York International Auto Show, Jane Lynch is someone you'd expect to find intimidating. But, perhaps surprisingly, the six-foot-tall actor is remarkably open.
Lynch, 56, is best known for her imposing characters — from dictatorial coach Sue Sylvester on "Glee" to the boundary-crossing store manager in "The 40-Year-Old-Virgin," and "Best in Show" favorite Christy Cummings, the dog-training taskmaster and publisher of American Bitch, a magazine with a "focus on the issues of the lesbian purebred dog owner."
But in person, Lynch is neither scary nor tightly wound. She comes across as naturally thoughtful and feels present in a way many actors do not. Maybe that's how she's able to work so hard — juggling dozens of television and film projects each year along with concerts, touring and even authoring books.
In 2017, Lynch will celebrate the fifth season of NBC's "Hollywood Game Night." She'll also portray Janet Reno in Discovery's "Manhunt: Unabomber" anthology this August, and she recently joined the NBC pilot "Relatively Happy," which was written and produced by the creator of "Will and Grace."
In the midst of her busy schedule, Lynch sat down with NBC Out to discuss her gender-defying roles, being an out lesbian in Hollywood and more.
NBC Out's Mary Emily O'Hara (left) and actress Jane Lynch pose for a selfie Mary Emily O'Hara
NBC Out: Your character in "Relatively Happy," a divorce attorney named Bobbi Martin, has been described as a "womanizer" and a "father figure," which is genre-busting to say the least. What can you tell us about her?
Jane Lynch: She defies labels. Max Mutchnick wrote it for a guy: a womanizing, Scotch-drinking guy. And then he cast me instead, and we decided to make her kind of Marlene Dietrich in drag. She's very come-hither with both men and women. She loves to drink, she loves to smoke cigars, she wears men's suits — but she's also very sexy in a feminine way.
She's womanizing a little bit, yeah yeah, but she also objectifies guys as well. She's an equal opportunity seducer. There are no labels for her. She's never tried to be one thing or another — she's always been purely an original. She's just herself.
Kind of like you! And so many of your roles are like nothing we've seen before in terms of female characters.
If you look at my history, I've played many roles that were originally written for men. The first role I ever played was the king in "The Princess and the Pea" in high school. If there's a doctor or a teacher, I had an agent that would call and say, "Can you see a woman in this part?" And if they said, "Well maybe," I'd go, and sometimes I'd get it.
I think people write authoritarian parts, sort of knee-jerk, as male. You know, he's the boss, he's this and that. And if you ask if it can be a woman, it's thinking outside the box. It's off the beaten path. But you see women in authority roles now more than when I started in the 90's, when a research scientist would be a guy.
You're the boss on "Hollywood Game Night" for sure. How is hosting a live show different than creating a character as an actor?
It's a role as well. You define your limitations and how you operate in it. I love throwing parties, too. Nothing makes me happier — and I do this with "Hollywood Game Night" as well — than seeing two people who have just met and are hitting it off and enjoying themselves together. That fills me with, I don't know if it's pride, but it just makes me very happy to see someone make a connection with someone they didn't know five minutes ago.
Speaking of connections: Who is the most famous woman you've ever slept with?
Oh. Me! I'm the most famous woman I've ever slept with. No, okay ... Hilary Rosen. I just gave you a scoop. You're welcome. Oh, and Hilary: you're welcome too.
It's a very short list, actually. And it's done. The shop is closed. It's over. The ship has sailed. It's not sad, it's a f---ing relief.
Jane Lynch is joined by Kate Flannery, for her solo concert debut at 54 Below on June 18, 2014 in New York. D Dipasupil / Getty Images for 54 Below file
Well thank you for even responding to that extremely personal question. Let's move on. You're known for your iconic characters, but you're also an amazing singer and we don't get to see that as much. Are you doing any more musical work?
I'm singing with symphonies. I'll be with the STL Symphony in St. Louis June 9 and the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra July 7. You show up with your orchestrated songbook — which I'm working on right now — and the symphony learns it in a frickin' day — they're like amazing musicians — and you perform it that night. I'm nervous and excited.
I've got Christmas concert dates coming up with my cabaret group with Kate Flannery and Tim Davis. We've been touring the country. We had an album that did very well on the charts: "A Swingin' Little Christmas." And that of course will be available next Christmas, too. We have about 10 dates in December.
Are you following politics right now? Are you as obsessed as everyone else?
I didn't follow it at all when Obama was president, because I felt like it was all under control. Now I'm like, afraid. I always check MSNBC, which I watch like a crazy person.You can get really wrapped up in that stuff. I try not to let my blood pressure rise. I feel like I have to be more engaged with politics now ... What I get relief from is this notion that Trump is going more centrist.
I don't like that we've bombed Syria — the whole nation-building thing has not worked out well for us, but it makes me so sad what's happening to the people of Syria. I wish that we could open our arms to them, but our president won't let us.
You are one of the most prominently out gay figures in Hollywood ... From the inside, what are you seeing change the most in terms of LGBTQ representation?
Well, I'll tell you what is happening to me internally, which is the desire to let go of all labels. And I understand the need, especially for say, the transgender community, to stand up and say "I am a transgender person, and I will be counted. I exist, and I will be respected." But then hopefully we move on.
Jane Lynch poses with her Emmy for "Hollywood Game Night" at the 2015 Creative Arts Emmy Awards in LA on Sept. 12, 2015. Danny Moloshok / Reuters file
I think we've gone backwards, a little. But never in Hollywood. Entertainment is very inclusive. Whoever does the best job gets hired. And there are a lot of gays and lesbians in every level, every job — from crew to writing and acting.
Ellen [DeGeneres] took one for the team when they canceled her show (ABC pulled "Ellen" in 1998 shortly after the comedian came out publicly as a lesbian), and look where she is today. It wouldn't happen today.
I always wondered if I would have to be closeted. I would lay in bed as a young person thinking, "What if I become famous? Do I hide this thing?" But I never had to. I never had to make that decision because of the people who came before me like Ellen and Melissa [Etheridge] and K.D. [Lang]. I was never in the closet. It wasn't an act of courage — I just didn't have to be.
As television and movies open up more LGBTQ roles, though, does that expand your opportunities or is it limiting? Are you concerned about being typecast?
I never look at my work in those terms ever. I don't step outside and objectively evaluate it. What's great about Hollywood in its representation of gay characters and trans characters is that it finds its way into middle America. It creates a wave of acceptance.
I would have loved it as a kid. A "Glee" would have made me very happy.
Do you remember the first gay character or person you saw on TV?
I didn't know Paul Lynde was gay, but I loved him. I didn't have "gay" to attach to him, but I remember feeling a kinship with him on some deep level that I didn't even know what it was.
A lot of people want to know whether Sue Sylvester was secretly a a lesbian. I mean, those tracksuits...
Do they?! No, she's not. She's not one way or the other. She had boyfriends. Another neutral kind of person who, wherever the power was, whatever she had to do she went that way. But she never expressed an affection for a woman, she never had a relationship with a woman. She had plenty of boyfriends. I don't think she was in the closet. I don't think that was an issue.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Gabi says leaving Atletico Madrid was the hardest decision he has had to make in his career, with the club captain heading to Qatar.
The 34-year-old has agreed to join Stars League side Al Sadd, where he will join forces with another LaLiga icon in former Barcelona star Xavi.
Gabi announced his move at a news conference on Tuesday and said it was the right time to move on.
"It's a difficult and emotional day, thanks for helping me make the hardest decision of my career," Gabi said.
"I've been thinking with my heart since I was 12 and now I have to do it with my head.
"Two reasons. The first, that in a week I turn 35 and I probably do not have another similar opportunity.
"The second, that the two previous times [he could have left] I would not have been winning. This time I have the chance to leave with a title."
Gabi scored the last goal as Atletico beat Marseille 3-0 to seal the Europa League title and the midfielder is already plotting his return to the Wanda Metropolitano.
"I want to return as soon as possible, everyone knows that I consider it my home and I will help the club or with a scarf in my hand," Gabi added.
"First to learn English, to prepare myself and in two or three years I hope to be here."
SAINT-DENIS, France — When Jonathan Sexton's long-distance dropped goal just crept over the crossbar in the last act of the game, Ireland coach Joe Schmidt celebrated like he was among the delirious fans behind the posts.
Sexton's astonishing effort from 44 metres out on a greasy pitch in the rain settled a tense Six Nations encounter 15-13 in Ireland's favour — moments after France unexpectedly went ahead 13-12 thanks to a superb solo try from right winger Teddy Thomas.
Sexton's clinical pot kick came after the Irish strung 41 phases then stalled inside the French half.
“It's pretty hard to explain how you feel when you think that the game has got away, you've let it slip and then suddenly you've grabbed it,” Schmidt said.
“It was incredible effort from everyone to work their way up the pitch. When he struck the drop goal I was just willing it to have enough distance to get over. When it did, the whole coaching staff stood up as one and cheered with the Irish supporters.”
Ireland had just been given a reprieve, because although replacement flyhalf Anthony Belleau nailed the conversion to Thomas' try he then blew a penalty.
With what little time was left, the Irish used it with extraordinary composure to work into the French half.
Then came the moment, in the 83rd minute.
“Just had a pop,” Sexton said. “The lads' legs were out. I don't think we'd have gone a couple more phases. Just got there in the end.”
Sexton could not quite believe it, taking a second to check the dropped goal was given before he was mobbed by his teammates.
France's players dropped to their knees in a mixture of exhaustion and frustration. So much effort for so little reward.
“It's a very disappointing ending given how much energy we put into it,” France coach Jacques Brunel said. “What else can you feel apart from enormous frustration? It came in the 83rd minute. He took the right option and you have to congratulate him, it wasn't easy.”
Although Brunel's new-look side showed mettle, defeat would still have been harsh on Ireland.
“Our lack of discipline punished us,” France captain Guilhem Guirado said. “It's even harder to lose when we had the match in hand.”
France's evening went from elation to stunned disbelief in a frantic last 10 minutes that provided unexpected marvel to a scrappy contest in pouring rain.
With the clock running down, Thomas surged out of nowhere to beat four Irish tackles after a flying run down the right flank ended with him snaking over the line at full stretch.
France was just as surprised to see the try as Ireland, which seemed to have the French counterattack contained until Thomas accelerated around the edge and was through.
Until that point, it looked like Sexton's steady boot would be enough to get the Irish only a third win at Stade France. He landed four penalties but also missed one at 12-6.
Belleau took France's penalty at 13-12 because scrumhalf Maxime Machenaud, who slotted over two, had limped off the pitch. It was a big task for Belleau, winning only his third test cap after Matthieu Jalibert also limped away early, and the kick from about 35 metres on the left lacked confidence.
Still, France will take heart from the spirit they showed under Brunel. He was appointed in December to stop a six-match winless run, and boldly gave debuts to 19-year-old Jalibert and fullback Geoffrey Palis.
It was all penalty kicks until Thomas' try, which looked like being the highlight of the match.
Only to be trumped by Sexton's phenomenal final shot.
Houston Texans general manager Brian Gaine has quite a challenge as he prepares for his first draft with the team.
He enters Thursday looking to upgrade a team that went 4-12 last season and has no picks in the first two rounds. Instead of worrying about the picks Houston doesn't have, Gaine is focused on how he can get the most out of the four picks the Texans own in the third and fourth rounds.
“Although they might not be player 50 or 60, we're still going to get four players in the top 103,” Gaine said. “So, we're very positive that we'll be able to get contributing players at any one of those picks in the third and the fourth round.”
The Texans don't have a first-round pick for the first time in franchise history. They traded away this year's choice to Cleveland to get quarterback Deshaun Watson with the 12th overall pick in last year's draft. They previously sent their second-round pick in this draft to the Browns as part of the deal to get rid of Brock Osweiler.
Houston's first pick will be No. 68, and it received the 80th pick from Seattle in the trade for left tackle Duane Brown. Houston got the 98th selection in the third round as a compensatory pick for A.J. Bouye signing with the Jaguars last year.
The Texans have one fourth-rounder, three picks in the sixth round and a seventh-round selection this year.
Gaine wouldn't rule out trading up if they really like a player, but it doesn't seem likely.
“If there's a certain player that's falling down on the board that we had a very good grade on, certainly we're always going to talk about that scenario if we have the ammunition and the latitude to go up,” he said. “I would tell you, historically, I would much prefer to go down than I ever would to go up, to get more at-bats, to accumulate more good players.”
OFFENSIVE LINE NEEDS
Believing they've finally found their franchise quarterback in Watson, the Texans need to upgrade the offensive line to protect him. The unit took a hit last season when Brown, their franchise left tackle, was traded to Seattle, and the Texans allowed the second-most sacks in the league with 54. Houston addressed the situation by signing guards Senio Kelemete and Zach Fulton and tackle Seantrel Henderson in free agency, but could still try to add reinforcements in the draft.
GAINE'S TIME
Gaine will be in charge of a draft for the first time in his career after Houston hired him in January to take over for Rick Smith, who took a leave of absence to be with his wife, who is fighting cancer. Although this is his first stint as a general manager, Gaine has plenty of experience in scouting and player evaluations, having worked as assistant general manager for the Dolphins and in player personnel for the Texans and the Bills.
HITS AND MISSES
Although it's a small sample size, the Texans appear to have hit big in last year's draft with Watson. He starred in seven games before he tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee in practice. Watson threw for 1,699 yards with 19 touchdowns and eight interceptions as a rookie and is on track to be healthy for the start of the 2018 season.
Another solid pick for the Texans in the last few years is Jadeveon Clowney, selected first overall in 2014. The defensive end shook off a couple of injury-filled seasons to become one of the top defenders in the league. He finished second in the NFL with a career-high 21 tackles for losses and his 9 1/2 sacks, 21 quarterback hits and two forced fumbles also were career bests.
While the Texans hit on Clowney in that draft, their second-round selection might be one of their worst misses. Houston passed on quarterback Derek Carr to take Xavier Su'a-Filo with the 33rd overall pick. The offensive guard started 31 of 32 games over the past two seasons, but struggled with consistency, and the Texans chose not to re-sign him this off-season.
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Syracuse head coach Jim Boeheim yells to his players in the first half an NCAA college basketball game against Virginia in Syracuse, N.Y., Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018. Nick Lisi AP Photo
Protesters demonstrate in front of a courthouse during a hearing for rapper Meek Mill, Monday April 16, 2018 in Philadelphia. The city's district attorney says Mill's convictions should be vacated and he should have a new trial. The announcement came during a hearing on Monday, but a judge is still refusing to release Mill on bail. Philadelphia-born Mill was sentenced in November 2017 to two to four years in prison for violating probation on a roughly decade-old gun and drug case. Jacqueline Larma AP Photo
This morning, Princess Eugenie spoke at the Change Makers Summit in London, and while there, she announced the Anti-Slavery Collective, a new initiative aimed at abolishing modern slavery.
According to the Global Slavery Index, as of 2016, approximately 46 million people were trapped in some form of modern slavery. Eugenie shared her intentions of bringing more attention to this worldwide problem.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"We will be starting an Anti-Slavery Collective which is all about raising awareness of global slavery. Creating a platform where everyone works together, shares data and incredible stories," she said.
“We will be starting an Anti-Slavery Collective which is all about raising awareness of global slavery. Creating a platform where everyone works together, shares data and incredible stories.” - HRH Princess Eugenie of York on Fighting Modern Slavery. #changemakers2018 pic.twitter.com/ZKpIQ7Nekn — I AM THE CODE* (@i_amthecode) April 24, 2018
Princess Eugenie wore a ruffled floral dress paired with tall black boots to the event, which was held in London and had of a line-up of entrepreneurs, philanthropists, and innovators.
Human trafficking has long been an important cause for Eugenie. She first became passionate about it after visiting a charity named Women's Interlink during a 2013 trip to India with her mother, Sarah, Duchess of York. The organization centers around improving the lives of vulnerable women and children through employment opportunities and assistance.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Over 15m women globally are in enforced marriage, and over 5m in enforced sexual slavery. This is a worldwide epidemic.
HRH Princess Eugenie and Julia de Boinville talking about their project to abolish modern slavery - Anti-Slavery Collective. #changemakers2018 pic.twitter.com/m3Zm8J3C65 — Julia Elliott Brown (@JuliaElliottB) April 24, 2018
After her trip, Eugenie became involved with several different organizations, like the Salvation Army, to bring awareness to an issue that in her opinion, "is never really talked about." In an ongoing effort to address the concerns of violence against women, she and co-founder Julia De Boinville decided to launch their new movement.
"Everyone who works within modern slavery and who tries to fight for the people who don't have a voice are courageous," she shared.
Huawei is one of the last tech companies still interested in Android Wear. The Watch 2 and Watch 2 Classic were released earlier this year, and the Watch 2 Classic even earned a spot in our Most Wanted list for wearables. Both of the watches are now on sale at Best Buy - $179 ($120 off) for the Watch 2 and $219 ($148 off) for the Watch 2 Classic.
Both models have a Snapdragon 2100 CPU, 4GB of internal storage, GPS, NFC, and Android Wear 2.0. The normal Watch 2 has LTE connectivity, while the Watch 2 Classic does not. The Watch 2 has a sporty design, while the Watch 2 Classic looks more like a traditional timepiece. Both variants will receive Android 8.0 Oreo at some point.
You can get the watches from the links below.
Wike accuses NDDC of diverting funds to politics
By Jimitota Onoyume
PORT HAR-COURT— GOVERNOR Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has accused the new board of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, of allegedly diverting funds meant for development of the region to nurturing the political aspirations of some of its members for 2019.
The governor who spoke yesterday, at Government House, Port Harcourt, noted that there was no way the commission could achieve its mandate with some of the board members nursing governorship ambition, adding that the place had been allegedly reduced to a fund raising ground to oil political dreams.
He said: “NDDC is a fund raising commission for politicians who want to run for elections. The way NDDC is structured, it will not work. There is so much corruption in NDDC because board members are working to amass wealth to contest elections in their various states.”
The governor feared that the current board had abandoned its mandate for politics, adding that the state government wrote to the commission in 2016, suggesting projects that it should handle for the state but nothing was done.
He said: “NDDC reneged on its agreement with the Rivers State Government on the Mother and Child Hospital, even after the state government had paid its counterpart fund of N800million, while the NDDC refused to pay any kobo from its N900million contribution.
“If the Federal Government wants NDDC to work, why appoint a person who plans to contest the governorship election of his state? Why not appoint a technocrat?” Governor Wike asked.
The post Wike accuses NDDC of diverting funds to politics appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Let me introduce you to three people I work with every day: Bim, Mim and Tim. Each works in a separate area:
Bim is in Business, the C-suite. He thinks in terms of cost, investment, ROI and profit. He has a vision he's working toward.
Mim is in Manufacturing, in operations. He's responsible for the machinery and output, and he thinks in terms of time, resources and output: uptime ... downtime ... how-soon-can-you-solve-this time and what-resources-will-you-need.
Tim is in Technology. Technology people like Tim, the IT folk, think in terms of infinity, elegance, coding and add-ons.
Today's manufacturing performance initiatives require the input, investment and involvement of each group, working as a seamless team. Let's check out how that's working.
Conversation 1: The World Is Infinite
Bim: Tim, what is the value of this software? How will it achieve our goal of saving $$$ by increasing production throughput?
Tim: It depends on if you have Windows 10. Actually, it works better on your smart phone.
Mim: Why do I have so much waste?
Tim: Our software can address that. We have interfaces with HTML5 now.
Mim: What is the root cause of my quality issues? Can you do traceability?
Tim: The IoT requires interaction with social media.
You'll note that Tim speaks in statements and declarations. Bim and Mim, by contrast, never stop asking questions.
Conversation 2: Are You Speaking My Language?
Bim: What's the business value to what you're proposing? How will this ensure that I remain compliant with regulations?
Tim: With a bigger server, anything is possible.
Bim: How will this reduce my costs, or increase my throughput?
Tim: When you click here, you see the ID of what you've created, #80936.
Mim: Do you use standard or optimal speeds to track OEE? What about excluding changeovers? How many downtime reason codes do you recommend?
Tim: Have you considered going to open source?
Bim: Tell me what is required to help my business be more profitable.
Tim: We can do whatever you want.
Before you go off the rails with the above … please note. Tim's a highly adept programmer. I may be making him sound like a goofball, but believe me, he's not.
Conversation 3: UX? User Experience? Say What?
Mim: Our operators have to click eight times to get to the one piece of information they use 20 times a day [volume and pitch rises steadily]. That's 160 clicks for something that should be one click away! The application isn't usable!
Tim: I have done my job. The answer is there. The procedure provides what you asked.
Mim: And I don't want waste per month. I need it per shift.
Tim: I just have to write a database stored procedure.
Mim: You already did, that's how we ended up with the monthly figure.
Tim: I just have to write another stored procedure.
Did anyone talk to Tim, during design, about how a user works in real life? What information is most needed? And when? And where?
Conversation 4: Can You Explain the Underlying Process?
Bim: What is the approval process for this report?
Tim: [Presses three keys: Click! Click! Click!] Look! It's dead easy!
Bim: No, you misunderstood my question. I'm asking: “What is the actual approval process for this report?” As in, it starts with the lab tech, goes to the supervisor …
Tim: [Click! Click! Click!]
It's Not Tim's Fault!
From what you've read here, you may have the impression that Tim is the heart of all these issues. Not so.
Often Mim and Bim repeatedly ask for the Moon. They may stubbornly fail to absorb the fact that even with today's speedy CPUs and near-infinite possibility, sophisticated software cannot be generated in a few keystrokes. Not to mention, here comes scope creep!
So, Whose Fault Is It?
It's the Tower of Babel's fault. Bim, Mim and Tim have not been trained to speak each other's language, and to a great extent it's not their job to do so. Their job is to speak to the system integrator about what is needed, what their goals are, and what they can contribute.
The IoT is an amazing ecosystem of internal groups and external suppliers … when it works, that is. When it doesn't, it starts to look a lot like the Tower of Babel.
Ah … and the System Integrator …
Yes, the system integrator needs to not only know the languages of Bim, Mim and Tim, but recognize them in a heartbeat. So that they can answer the question that was actually asked, in the language in which it was spoken. At my company, Factora, we are increasingly formalizing our practice of ensuring that, as each consultant rises in seniority, they learn to recognize and speak the three B-M-T languages.
Note: everyone has a choice! IT professionals, for example, may choose to remain in IT, honing their craft and enjoying the rewards from their work.
However, this does mean that they will not become a customer-facing consultant. Their lack of language skills prevents them from filling that role.
In Summary
In theory, we should all be able to speak to, hear and understand each other, especially if we work in the same company.
But I deal with practice, and I know that far too often, it just ain't so.
Did your Bims, Mims and Tims communicate successfully in your last performance initiative? More to the point, upon completion, did the Bims and Mims get what they'd been looking for? The results that had been projected, or promised?
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
PIERSON, Fla. — When a trio of squad cars pulls up to the fern field, the workers — bent over, piling up bundles of freshly cut feather-like fronds in the late-morning sun — grow tense.
Sgt. Roy Galarza, 34, and his brothers, both sheriff's deputies, jump out. Roy jokes in Spanish about who will cut the most ferns that day, and greets an uncle who works there. Slowly, the workers, many of whom are undocumented immigrants from Mexico, walk over to the cruisers and begin to chat: One woman complains about a traffic stop; another talks about a friend's misunderstanding with police involving her children.
The Galarza brothers — Roy, Daniel, 36, and Billy, 26 — aren't there to arrest anyone. They're visiting the fields as part of the Volusia County Sheriff Department's redoubled efforts to build trust in an immigrant community that fears the police and the deportations President Donald Trump has promised.
The Galarza brothers, Daniel, Roy and Billy, stand in a farm on April 12, 2018 in Volusia County. Gerardo Mora / ipaphoto.com for NBC News
Trump has repeatedly demonized so-called sanctuary cities as hotbeds of crime where illegal activity permitted by politicians runs rampant. He tweeted on Monday that such policies are "inspired" by Democrats.
Meanwhile, his Justice Department has threatened to pull federal funding from major urban areas that it has claimed are in violation of federal laws, and, last month, announced a lawsuit against the state of California over its policies that aim to protect immigrants from deportation.
But there's another, less publicized part of the sanctuary movement — largely rural counties, like Volusia County in Florida, which favored Trump in 2016 by 13 points, but whose law enforcement officials say they need to protect immigrants working in the community and are pushing back on federal, state and local efforts to shut them down.
Volusia County is home to NASCAR's Daytona 500 and Daytona Beach; with around a half million residents and 1,101 square miles, the county sits on the state's eastern coast about an hour's drive north of Orlando. Its largest city is Deltona, with an estimated 90,000 residents, but it also includes the tiny town of Pierson, which calls itself the fern capital of the world.
"As soon as Trump took over, that was the biggest concern — people being deported," Roy told NBC News. "That's going to affect the relationship with the Hispanic community and the sheriff's office, (when people worry), 'Now if I get pulled over, what's going to happen?'"
Roy worries that domestic violence frequently goes unreported in Pierson, and knows that muggings do because criminals target undocumented immigrants. "They know they're not going to report it,” he said.
Indeed, workers interviewed through a translator said they all feared law enforcement, but felt they could cautiously trust the Galarza brothers.
Voting for Trump, but protecting its own
In 2016, Volusia County elected both Trump and a sheriff bent on restoring trust within the immigrant community.
"Where does crime come from? Crime comes from when you marginalize a race or a religion and you knock them out of mainstream society," said Sheriff Michael Chitwood, a political independent who was sworn in the same month as the president. "When I first got elected, I went to every church and asked the pastors to trust me and said there's a different way we're going to do things."
Chitwood said he instituted a new anti-profiling policy and began doing regular outreach at churches and schools, trying to convince the community that working with the police won't end with a deportation.
At one church visit, the sheriff told NBC News, four or five people came up to him to tell them that one deputy was constantly pulling them over. They showed Chitwood photos of the man on their cellphones. After Chitwood checked the department's records, he found that the deputy was routinely going 10 miles out of his assigned zone to do traffic stops in immigrant neighborhoods.
REYNOLDSBURG, OH (Feb. 08, 2017) – Ohio Proud, the Ohio Department of Agriculture's (ODA) marketing program is assisting Columbus City Schools as the district implements its “Ohio Days: My Plate, My State” lunch initiative. Once a month, Ohio's largest school district will serve more than 52,000 students a full plate of Ohio-sourced foods.
“ODA stands ready to help any district across Ohio implement programs as successful and impactful as this one from Columbus City Schools,” said ODA Director David T. Daniels. “Students benefit from fresh, local lunches and Ohio Proud companies benefit from increased business, ultimately adding to agriculture and food production's enormous impact as the state's number one industry.”
“Our new effort will provide healthier, locally sourced meals to our students, with the meats, the grains, the fruits, the vegetables and the milk all coming from Ohio farms and producers,” said Columbus City Schools Superintendent Dr. Daniel Good. “We're excited about bringing this opportunity to all 110 of our cafeterias.”
Columbus City Schools, with the help of ODA and OSU Extension, have identified more than 20 companies with the capacity to meet the districts need for local apples, turkey, chicken and beef products, shredded cheese, milk, corn tortillas, whole grain tortilla chips, lettuce, beans, carrots, potatoes, cucumbers, squash and peaches.
“With Columbus ordering such large quantities, it's our hope that smaller districts, that otherwise would not be able to place orders with these local companies, will have an avenue to source Ohio grown and processed foods for their students,” said Daniels. “It's also exciting for students to learn where their food really comes from, a farm not too far from home.”
Ohio school districts interested in participating can contact the Ohio Proud program for more information on sourcing Ohio foods at 1-800-IMPROUD (1-800-467-7683).
Ohio Proud is the ODA's marketing program. Companies that grow, make or process at least 50 percent of their product in Ohio are eligible to join Ohio Proud. Becoming an Ohio Proud member gives businesses another way to market their products, and provides consumers a quick and reliable way to identify local food and agricultural goods.
BELGRADE, Serbia — Serbian police have prevented dozens of far-right supporters from disrupting an event designed to boost dialogue with the former province of Kosovo whose declaration of independence Belgrade does not recognize.
Police cordons blocked several streets in central Belgrade on Wednesday as members of the Serbian Radical Party rallied against the opening of the “Mirdita-Dobar Dan” festival. Party leader Vojislav Seselj, who was convicted of war crimes by a U.N. court, says the festival is a “shame” for Serbia.
The event is organized by liberal youth groups from Serbia and Kosovo to promote cultural exchange between the former war foes. It features films, exhibitions and debates.
Serbia and Kosovo must normalize relations to advance toward membership in the European Union. Kosovo declared independence in 2008 following the 1998-99 conflict.
Early morning rains have rendered many roads unmotorable
Early morning rains have rendered many roads unmotorable.
Reports coming in from several parts of to indicate many intersections in Accra and Kumasi have been flooded and motorists are finding it difficult to use them.
There are, as at now, three accidents on the Accra-Tema motorway causing heavy traffic on the already busy route.
قالب وردپرس
Comments
1:01 Coast Guard intercepts suspected drug traffickers Pause
1:11 Mall brawl at Sawgrass Mills
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
GREENVILLE, S.C. — Devin Sibley scored 24 points, John Davis III added 21 and Furman rolled to a 101-72 victory over South Carolina State on Saturday.
Sibley was 9 of 12 from the floor and made four 3-pointers. Davis was 8-of-10 shooting and hit five 3s. Daniel Fowler added 15 points and Jalen Williams had a career-best 14 points for Furman (7-3), which has won five of its last six games.
Justin Jones scored 19 points and Donte Wright added 15 to lead South Carolina State (2-9), which is 0-8 on the road.
The Paladins shot 56 per cent from the field and made 14 of 33 from long range. They also collected a season-best 24 assists and forced 22 turnovers. Each starter had at least three assists, and Davis led with five.
Wright's 3-pointer gave South Carolina State their last lead, 23-22. The Paladins closed the half on a 30-10 run for a 20-point lead at the break and cruised from there.
1:17 Miami Heat's Dragic says his back feels a lot better Pause
1:36 Miami Heat's Hassan Whiteside talks about being poked in his right eye
2:04 Miami Heat's Waiters says "it looks real promising" he'll return for West Coast trip
3:32 Pat Riley discusses Miami Heat's offseason, Dwyane Wade's departure
3:14 Video: Doctor explains blood clots and how they affect the Miami Heat's Chris Bosh
1:29 Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra talks about Chris Bosh
2:44 Miami Heat's Goran Dragic addresses Chris Bosh news, Dwyane Wade departure
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
AMCON accuses Arik's past mgt of gambling with peoples' lives
By Lawani Mikairu
Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria, AMCON, has said that the former management of Arik Airlines was basically gambling with the lives of millions of people that patronized it.
The Receiver/ Manager of Arik Air, Mr. Oluseye Opasanya in a document made available to Vanguard accused the former management of not caring about safety because critical issues such as having a simulator, which ensures that Arik pilots undertake mandatory trainings as required to improve their efficiency were non-existent.
According to the report, the airline had inadequate equipment to facilitate its operations, which was reflected by the insufficient laptops available at the airports to conduct basic checks.
“As a matter of fact, the salaries of the expatriate and local staff of Arik were unpaid since October 2015 and July 2016 while the airline owed premiums on its insurance policy because the previous management of Arik took insurance on a monthly basis instead of annually in accordance with aviation global best practice for the insurance of aviation assets.
“Indeed, Arik operations would have been grounded indefinitely if AMCON did not intervene as the insurance policy of Arik was to lapse on February 10, 2017. As at that date, Arik owed a total of N418, 893,067.97 in arrears of unpaid premium just as its employees' health insurance had also expired and as a result, both the pilots and other members of staff of the airline were to halt operations as well,” the report stated.
On the pension of workers, Opasanya said; “It has also come to the fore that the airline failed to remit pension contributions of its employees despite making the necessary pension deductions from their salaries for which the National Pension Commission had written to demand over N4 billion being the outstanding pension remittance.”
“Aside from that, Arik also owed Lufthansa Technik Group, the company responsible for the maintenance of the airplane a whopping 31 million Euros just to mention a few. Till date the erstwhile management has failed, refused and /or neglected to prepare and submit the statement of affairs of the airline as at the date of the inception of the receivership.''
According to AMCON, it has injected more than N1.5 billion into the operations of Arik Air since taking over. The corporation however said despite this huge amount, the airline still has negative capital that runs into billions of Naira and new claims continue to come to the fore on daily basis.
In spite of the capital injection, the airline, according to the current management led by Capt. Roy Ukpebo Ilegbodu, still incurred a loss of over N1 billion as a result of critical expenditure made in order to sustain the operations of the airline.
The post AMCON accuses Arik's past mgt of gambling with peoples' lives appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Daniel Shirley is the sports editor and Mercer beat writer. He joined The Telegraph in 2006.
Transcript for A timeline of the shooting at a Virginia baseball field
From. From from. From. And. Nobody not sound like gun and then boom rapid. Succession after that. There were people in the field one staffer was shocked. Field and he ran with them wounds to the dugout a lot of us. Dove into the dugout. Tried to get as many as we could that at that point there was firing behind us from the security detail capitol police. And I started yelling back are you friendly. Your friend making sure that that was our guys along to tell him now. It was at least ten it seems a lot longer I could tell you that it was at least ten minutes. When. I'm. I. 00. And the assailant. Has now died. From his injuries from. But.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
KEARNS, Utah — Russia's Denis Yuskov broke the men's 1,500-meter world record on Saturday in the World Cup speedskating event at the Utah Olympic Oval.
Yuskov finished in 1 minute, 41.02 seconds to break the mark of 1:41.04 set by American Shani Davis on the same ice in a World Cup race on Dec 11, 2009. Dutchman Koen Verweij was second in 1:41.63, and countryman Thomas Krol was third in 1:42.63.
American Joey Mantia was fourth in 1:42.77, Davis 13th, and American Brian Hansen was 16th.
Mantia, who said he was battling a cold, slipped a couple of times during his race. He was paired with Yuskov in the final pairing and couldn't keep up with the Russian skater after the initial lap.
“I haven't really been myself the last couple of days,” Mantia said. “I don't know if that had any bearing on the race. I was just a little bit out of it today.
Japan's Miho Takagi won the women's 1,500 in 1:51.49. Marrit Leenstra of the Netherlands was second in 1:52.31, and Russia's Yekaterina Shikhova finished third in 1:52.86.
Brittany Bowe, the lone U.S. skater competing, was 13th. She finished in 1:55.49, her best 1500 time in nearly two years.
Bowe said her speed isn't where she wants it to be yet, but feels like she can keep making up ground before the Olympics in February.
“We've got two more months and I'm confident that if I can have two solid months, without any more obstacles, that we'll be right where we want to be,” Bowe said.
Japan's Nao Kodaira won the women's 500 for the second time in two days. Kodaira finished in 36.54. South Korea's Lee Sang-Hwa was second to Kodaira again, finishing in 36.79. Japan's Arisa Go was third in 37.05.
Mitchell Whitmore and Sugar Todd were the only U.S. skaters competing in the 500s. Whitmore finished ninth in the men's race. Todd was 18th in the women's race.
Russia's Ruslan Murashov finished in 34.02 to win the men's 500. Dutchman Kai Verbij was second at 34.13, followed by countryman Dai Dai Ntab at 34.15.
South Korea's Seung-Hoon Lee won the men's mass start at 7:58.22. Switzerland's Livio Wenger was second. Italy's Francesca Lollobrigida took the women's race in 8:53.49. China's Dan Guo was second.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
3:11 Pet pig's botched butchering leads to arrest
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). The Blackstone Hotel sits on Michigan Avenue across the street from Chicago's Grant Park on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Stephen Paddock, opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday, Oct. 1, killing dozens ...
(AP Photo/Teresa Crawford). Chicago Police Bureau of Organized Crime Chief Anthony Riccio speaks at a news conference accompanied by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Riccio says there will be "significantly" more undercover offic...
(AP Photo/John Locher). The marquee at the W Hotel shows a sign for the victims of a mass shooting on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Stephen Paddock opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Sherri Camperchioli helps set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday ...
(Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP). This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundre...
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
Vice President Mike Pence is scheduled to visit Las Vegas this weekend to take part in a ceremony marking the deadliest shooting rampage in modern U.S. history.
City officials said Friday that the vice president will speak at an event set for 12:30 p.m. Saturday in the City Council chambers.
A community interfaith unity walk to City Hall will be held earlier Saturday.
Organizers plan to release a flock of doves after Pence's speech to commemorate each of the victims killed in the Sunday night rampage on the Las Vegas Strip.
Authorities say 58 people were killed and nearly 500 injured in a 10-minute fusillade of bullets fired from an upper-story Mandalay Bay hotel room window into a country music festival below.
The gunman killed himself before police reached him.
___
5 p.m.
A U.S. official says investigators believe the Las Vegas shooter may have hired a prostitute in the days before the shooting, and they are interviewing other call girls as they look for clues into his motive.
The official said Friday that prostitutes are among the hundreds of leads they are pursuing as part of their investigation into Stephen Paddock.
The official, who was briefed by federal law enforcement officials, wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The official says a note containing a series of numbers was found on a nightstand in Paddock's room at the Mandalay Bay hotel after the shooting.
The official also says that Paddock had taken at least a dozen cruises out of the U.S. in the last few years, most with his girlfriend Marilou Danley. The official said at least one of the cruises was to the Middle East.
___
3:15 p.m.
Las Vegas shooter Stephen Craig Paddock's anti-social personality will only hamper investigators as they try to figure to piece together what led to the shooting.
"It's extremely difficult," said Erroll Southers, the director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," Southers said. "We're so used to in the first 24 to 48 hours being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer.
"What's really puzzling is that we've seen him with similar kinds of activity - booking rooms in other places - so you have to ask yourself the reason he picked Las Vegas and not somewhere else."
Paddock fired indiscriminately Sunday from his upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. The 64-year-old Paddock killed himself as authorities closed in.
Because so few people knew Paddock well, investigators will likely have an even harder time sorting through his background to try to uncover any possible leads, Southers said.
"You don't have any cases of leakage - no one to say who's he mad at, what his motive is," Southers said. "The key to this case right now is the girlfriend."
"The reason you want to engage in a terror attack is you want to bring attention to an extremist ideology, you want publicity," he said. "You want people to be afraid of what you believe what you do."
___
1:35 p.m.
Authorities are planning to put up billboards in Las Vegas to seek more tips as they investigate the deadliest shooting rampage in modern U.S. history.
Undersheriff Kevin McMahill also revealed at a news conference Friday afternoon that police are confident there was not another shooter in Stephen Paddock's room.
Paddock fired indiscriminately Sunday from his upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. The 64-year-old Paddock killed himself as authorities closed in.
McMahill also said that authorities don't have any information that anyone else used Paddock's room key.
He says authorities are interested in Paddock's medical history and are looking into that.
___
1:20 p.m.
Authorities say they still don't have a clear motive for the Las Vegas shooting rampage.
Undersheriff Kevin C. McMahill provided an update on the investigation Friday. He says authorities have looked at gunman Stephen Paddock's personal life, political affiliation, economic situation and any potential radicalization.
He says authorities are aware the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but so far there is no evidence that it had a role.
He says authorities will continue to investigate those areas as well as look into leads and tips that come in.
Paddock unleased gunfire Sunday from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino on the Las Vegas Strip, killing dozens and injuring nearly 500 people. He killed himself as police closed in.
___
12:10 p.m.
Massachusetts could be moving quickly to outlaw so-called "bump stock" devices used by the Las Vegas shooter.
Democratic and Republican lawmakers have both filed bills to ban the devices. Republican Gov. Charlie Baker said he supports a ban.
The devices fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute.
State Rep. David Linsky, a Natick Democrat, has filed legislation that would outlaw any devices that increase the rate of discharge of a weapon and ban the sale of large capacity-feeding devices.
Republican Senate Leader Bruce Tarr of Gloucester has sponsored a bill that would prohibit devices that effectively turn rifles and shotguns into weapons with firing capabilities similar to machine guns.
___
11:40 a.m.
Scott Armstrong, a Reno, Nevada, car dealer, said Paddock confided in him about relationship troubles when the would-be gunman stopped in looking to buy a car about two months ago.
"Somehow or another we ended up talking about bad relationships, and he confided that he was depressed and his life was miserable," Armstrong said. "It just struck me as really odd that somebody would say that."
Paddock, unshaven and dressed casually but not disheveled, didn't elaborate on his relationship troubles, and Armstrong didn't pry. He didn't smile, and he "wasn't very pleasant to talk to," he said.
"I could tell he was really down or something," Armstrong said. "I just told him, I said, 'Hey I've been in some bad relationships myself. It'll get better. Tomorrow will be a better day than today.' "
Armstrong said he's talked with FBI agents about his recollection.
Others who have interacted with Paddock have described him as a quiet and confident man who did not engage in deep conversations. Armstrong said he's baffled by why he was so open with a stranger, but "my job is to put people with ease and try to help them buy a car."
How is he so certain Paddock is the downtrodden man who visited him?
"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," he said
___
11:20 a.m.
A gun show that was scheduled to take place this weekend in a casino off the Las Vegas Strip has been canceled following last Sunday's mass shooting.
Boyd Gaming Corp. spokesman David Strow said Friday the decision to cancel the gun show at the Eastside Cannery Casino was made mutually with the show's promoter, Western Trails Show Promotions.
It was scheduled to take place on Saturday and Sunday and has been held at least five times in the past.
Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured Sunday night when Stephen Paddock opened fire from the windows of his 32nd floor hotel room and rained bullets on a country music festival attended by thousands.
___
10:20 a.m.
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition a month ago from a private seller he met at a Phoenix gun show.
The official says investigators searching the hotel room Paddock used as a sniper's perch found tracer rounds and a document with the name of the Mesa, Arizona, man who sold him the ammunition.
The official is involved in the shooting investigation and spoke anonymously because the official was not authorized to disclose case information.
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The official says Paddock met the man in Phoenix on Sept. 9 and 10 and that the sale took place at the man's Mesa home.
The tracer ammunition that Paddock bought were .308-caliber and .223-caliber rounds.
The official did not know whether Paddock used tracer rounds during the attack.
The official declined to identify the seller.
___
9:30 a.m.
Some New York state lawmakers want to make it illegal in the state to buy, sell or possess devices known as bump stocks that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic the rapid fire of automatic weapons.
Authorities found 12 of the devices fitted to guns in the hotel room of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
It is illegal to use bump stocks in New York state but a loophole in the law makes it legal to buy, sell or possess the devices.
Legislation introduced this week would immediately ban bump stock sales and prohibit possession of them over time.
Democratic Assemblywoman Pat Fahy of Albany says it's illogical to allow the sale and possession of a device that cannot be used legally.
The bill has bipartisan support. Lawmakers will reconvene in Albany in January.
___
7:15 a.m.
Boston Police Commissioner William Evans says authorities will step up security for concerts and sporting events in the city following the shooting in Las Vegas.
Officials have said there is no credible threat to Boston.
But Evans said the FBI told him Wednesday that agents turned up evidence that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock researched sites in and around Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts.
The Red Sox have said they're working with officials to beef up security.
Evans said security would be boosted for events including a Bruno Mars concert, a City Hall Plaza concert, road races and Red Sox games.
He says police also plan to meet with hotel officials in coming days to discuss ways for them to increase security.
___
12:13 a.m.
Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend Marilou Danley.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man. ABC says she lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen, Danley was entitled to consular assistance.
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley's time or citizenship in Australia.
Colvin says the Australian authorities are "working very closely with our partners in the U.S."
Australia's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware she is "a person of interest" and described her case as "a matter for U.S. law enforcement."
___
12:01 a.m.
Investigators are probing the Las Vegas gunman's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
They say Stephen Paddock rented rooms in high-rises overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and over the Life is Beautiful festival near the Vegas Strip in September. Boston police say Fenway Park has come up in the investigation, but didn't elaborate.
On Thursday night, thousands gathered in Las Vegas to honor one of the victims who was killed, Officer Charleston Hartfield.
Hartfield was also a husband and father of two, and an Iraq War veteran.
His friend Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd Hartfield was "the greatest American I have ever known."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Federal Reserve raised rates Wednesday afternoon at the conclusion of its two-day meeting, signifying a stamp of approval on America's economic recovery from the nation's highest fiscal policymakers.
The Federal Open Market Committee agreed to raise its benchmark borrowing rate by one-quarter of a percentage point, to a range of between 1.0 and 1.25 percent. This marks the third increase this fiscal year, with previous hikes in December 2016 and again in March of this year.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Federal Reserve expected to raise interest rates: What it could mean for you 2:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
So how will it impact you?
It's Still Ok to Buy a House
Mortgage rates likely won't go up, since long-term mortgages aren't tied directly to the federal interest rate. And rates are already pretty low at 3.9 percent for a 30-year fixed.
What About My Student Loan?
Federal lending rates are locked in at the time the loan is taken out, so unless you are looking to borrow this year, you shouldn't see a change in your payments. The bigger issue is the soaring total for the nation as a whole: $1.4 trillion in student borrowing.
What's President Trump's Role in All This?
The Fed is independent — despite then-candidate Donald Trump's protestations during the presidential election campaign that Fed Chair Janet Yellen was “very political” and “should be ashamed of herself” — but with 12 positions currently open on the committee, there is a chance the balance of power may shift among the policymakers. Trump can personally nominate five of those open spots, and Yellen herself could leave when her first term ends in February 2018.
Why Now?
After the financial crisis of 2008, the Fed kept rates at zero for a full seven years. This allowed the economy to rebuild slowly. The latest jobs report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics showed that this goal has been met, and that unemployment is at its lowest level in 16 years (4.3 percent). So, conditions are right for the Fed to continue to — cautiously — nudge up rates in order to head off any rising inflation.
What's Next?
Economists are in agreement that there will be at least one more rate hike this year, but are split on when that increase will come. For now, the money is mainly on December.
This Aug. 23, 2015, photo courtesy Santa Fe Indian Market shows two participants in the Female Adult category of the 2015 Santa Fe Indian Market Fashion Challenge of the Native American Clothing Contest at the Santa Fe Indian Market in Santa Fe., N.M. For nearly a century, American Indian jewelers, potters and other artists have been gathering in the heart of northern New Mexico to show off their creations at one of the nation's most prestigious art markets. The annual Santa Fe Indian Market begins Saturday, Aug. 19, 2017. Phil Karshis
Fans couldn't believe Ross's cousin is now a teenager
With parliamentary speeches and a frosty reunion between Ross and Demelza, Poldark series four episodes three had plenty of talking points – but none more than the surprise return of Elizabeth Poldark's son Geoffrey Charles.
Advertisement
However, it wasn't the Geoffrey most viewers were used to. With series four's huge 10-year time jump, the small boy we all knew had transformed into a teenager played by Louis Davison.
The older Geoffrey was even seen enjoying a grown-up drink with cousin Ross (Aidan Turner).
The growth spurt was too much for some viewers…
When Geoffrey Charles is a fully grown man and you remember him when he was a baby… #Poldark pic.twitter.com/nwlc3uFiRj — LoverGirl (@LoverGirl_92) June 24, 2018
HOW THE HELL DID GEOFFREY CHARLES GROW UP SO FAST? #Poldark — Jess 🌹 (@eponineswifts) June 24, 2018
I am watching #Poldark on delay but not so much of a delay as to explain how Geoffrey Charles has aged 15 years since last series. — Sarra Manning (@sarramanning) June 24, 2018
I thought Geoffrey Charles was like 7?! #Poldark — Vikkie Chapman (@vikkie_chapman) June 24, 2018
Has Geoffrey Charles some sort of accelerated growth disorder? He was only born two series ago. #poldark — Luci Gosling (@lucigosling) June 24, 2018
Especially since other characters, including Demelza (Eleanor Tomlinson), don't appear to have aged at all…
Why aren't they aging the characters? Geoffrey Charles is about 15 now and everyone else looks exactly the same age. @BBCOne 🤔🤷🏼‍♀️ #Poldark — Sophie Bowns 🖋📝📖 (@SE_BownsFiction) June 24, 2018
Ross' and Demelza's children don't appear to be ageing as fast as Geoffrey Charles. #Poldark — Richard Cardall (@Hum_Con) June 24, 2018
However, Poldark viewers were left with a puzzle more pressing than the show's selective ageing. At episode's three close, doc Dwight Enys noticed something seriously wrong with Caroline's baby, Sarah. More specifically, something wrong with her eyes.
Has the poor child got a mystery illness? Or does the child's eye colour allude to Caroline's secret infidelity?
The wait to find out in the next episode will feel like years – in Geoffrey Charles time, anyway.
Advertisement
Poldark continues on Sunday nights on BBC1
STAR JOURNAL REPORT
The Oneida County Sheriff's office is investigating the death of a 20-month old child last week. According to a press release, dispatch received a 911 call last Friday at 6:24 p.m., indicating the child's breathing was very shallow.
Deputies and medics reportedly responded to the residence in the town of Newbold and the child was transported to St. Mary's Hospital and then flown to St. Joseph's Hospital in Marshfield. The child, identified as Avery J. Edwards, died a short time later.
The Oneida County District Attorney's office and Medical Examiner's office are assisting in the investigation.
By The Associated Press
A look at what's happening all around the majors Thursday:
___
SURGING SALE
Red Sox ace Chris Sale goes for his eighth straight win and ninth of the season in the finale of a three-game series at Philadelphia. It would tie Sale, 7-0 in his last eight starts, with Houston's Dallas Keuchel (9-0), Kansas City's Jason Vargas (9-3) and the Los Angeles Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw (9-2) for the major league lead in wins.
STAYING UNBEATEN
Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman will look for his fifth straight win when the Rockies host San Francisco in the opener of a seven-game homestand. Hoffman is 4-0 with a 2.10 ERA in four starts.
SIXTH MAN
With the New York Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, Robert Gsellman gets another start in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. After making two relief appearances, the rookie right-hander is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts. He faces Nationals lefty Gio Gonzalez, who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field.
FIRST START
Matt Strahm makes his first career start in the opener of Kansas City's four-game series at the Los Angeles Angels. The left-hander was 1-3 with a 4.05 ERA in 20 appearances out of the bullpen this season.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina — Kyle Larson has been in Chase Elliott‘s shoes.
Not too long ago, the Chip Ganassi Racing driver went 98 starts in NASCAR's premier series without a trip to victory lane.
Then came start No. 99.
In August 2016 at Michigan International Speedway, a late restart with eight laps to go saw Larson get the jump on Elliott. Larson wound up celebrating with his steering wheel thrust out the window and Elliott was left lamenting, “I hate to let my guys down like that.”
It has become a common refrain from the Hendrick Motorsports driver.
More than a year later, Larson now has five Cup wins. After a crushing second-place finish to Kyle Busch last week at Dover, Elliott sits at 70 Cup starts and zero wins.
“(Elliott) has probably run second as many times as I did before the first win and been close just as often as I have, maybe even in some cases more often,” Larson said Friday at Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Larson finished second four times before his triumph. Elliott has had to settle for second five times. Two of those have been to Larson at Michigan.
“I put myself in a lot of positions to win throughout the first two-and-a-half years of my NASCAR career and I seem to kind of choke, I guess, late in the races,” Larson said. “But in each of those losses I had, I learned something from each of them and I became calmer at each of them.”
For Elliott, who is in the second round of the Cup playoffs, there's far less, “I hate to let my guys down like that.”
The second-year driver is shouldering more of the responsibility.
“I appreciate my team and their efforts today,” Elliott said on Sunday. “The pit stops were great and they kept us in the ballgame. I didn't.”
Larson has noticed the change.
“He seems extremely mature so I'm sure he's dealing with it fine,” Larson said. “So far this year, he has dealt with all the close finishes way better than he had last year. I think that is a case of him learning from each of those losses and just becoming calmer and more mature. He will win, and when he wins one, he is going to win a lot, similar to kind of what I did this year.”
But before the start of the playoffs, Elliott disagreed with the notion that his reaction to close losses has “evolved.”
“The circumstances have been different,” Elliott said the week before the playoff opener and an encumbered second-place finish. “When a race didn't end the way that I wanted it to end because it's something that I did, I'm going to take a lot of blame, I'm just going to own up to my mistakes. I'm going to be frustrated with the fact that I know I didn't do my job correctly. When it's out of my hands, I can't do anything about it, those are the days you just have to recognize I couldn't do anything about it.
“But the ones that frustrate me the most are the ones I know I could have done something different to fix it.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
Mzvee rocking the stage at the #Muselive16
Media outfit MUSE Africa's much anticipated #MuseLive16 concert came off at the World Trade Centre (Accra) on Sunday January 1, with exciting performances from MzVee, Haywaya, Feli Nuna, Edem, Joey B, Kwamz and Flava, Ko-jo Cue, Tee Phlow, Medikal, and Sister Derbie.
The maiden edition, the concert was also graced by such esteemed personnel as veteran dancehall act and High Grade Family frontman Samini, actor James Gardiner, and comedian DKB.
It was hosted by Live FM's Antoine Mensah, and Y FM's Ogee The MC, with music from Vision DJ, Mic Smith, and Nii Ayi Tagoe.
Updated at 4:30 p.m. ET
Almost 48 hours after violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday followed criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia. After the Charlottesville City Council had voted earlier this year to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from one of its parks, white nationalist groups — including white supremacists, the alt-right, the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis — descended on the city for a "Unite the Right" rally.
On Friday night, they marched on the normally sleepy college town, home to the University of Virginia, carrying torches. On Saturday conditions turned deadly as hundreds of the white nationalists, some carrying Confederate flags and shields and others in militia-like gear, clashed with counterprotesters in the city streets.
At one point a silver Dodge Challenger, allegedly driven by 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio, rammed into a street filled with counterprotesters. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed, and at least 19 others were injured. Fields was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit and run.
President Trump expressed sympathy to Heyer's family as well as to the families of Virginia State Troopers Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Berke M.M. Bates, who died when their helicopter that was patrolling Saturday's event crashed.
"These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation," Trump said. "In times such as these, America has always shown its true character, responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice."
Trump spoke after meeting with newly installed FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the White House. He said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
Sessions told ABC News on Monday morning that the car crash that had killed Heyer "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism."
"You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is unequivocally an unacceptable, evil attack," he said.
The president's condemnations may be too little, too late for those who criticized Trump's initial remarks — and Trump may have missed a critical moment to be the nation's healer in chief. On Saturday, Trump claimed that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides." Top Republicans, among others, quickly criticized him for not calling out by name the white supremacists, alt-right, KKK and neo-Nazi groups that began the protests.
"Mr. President — we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism," Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., who heads up the GOP Senate campaign committee, tweeted on Saturday.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence had gone further than the president in his own comments, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Trump has been blamed for being slow to criticize white supremacist groups in the past — even as he regularly attacks other targets on Twitter. During the 2016 campaign, Trump came under fire for not immediately disavowing the endorsement of David Duke, a former KKK grand wizard.
Duke, who attended the march in Virginia, said on Saturday that participants' aim was "to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump. That's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because he said he's going to take our country back."
Duke later responded to one of the president's tweets condemning the violence by saying, "I would recommend you take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists."
Read Trump's full remarks, delivered Monday afternoon at the White House:
Thank you. I'm in Washington today to meet with my economic team about trade policy and major tax cuts and reform. We are renegotiating trade deals and making them good for the American worker and it's about time. Our economy is now strong. The stock market continues to hit record highs, unemployment is at 16 year low and businesses are more optimistic than ever before. Companies are moving back to the United States and bringing many thousands of jobs with them. We have already created over one million jobs since I took office. We will be discussing economic issues in greater detail later this afternoon but based on the events that took place over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, I would like to provide the nation with an update on the ongoing federal response to the horrific attack and violence that was witnessed by everyone.
I just met with FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the deadly car attack that killed one innocent American and wounded 20 others. To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered. As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms, this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence. It has no place in America.
And as I have said many times before, no matter the color of our skin, we all live under the same laws. We all salute the same great flag. And we are all made by the same almighty God. We must love each other, show affection for each other, and unite together in condemnation of hated, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans.
Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans. We are a nation founded on the truth that all of us are created equal. We are equal in the eyes of our creator. We are equal under the law. And we are equal under our constitution.
Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America.
Two days ago, a young American woman, Heather Heyer, was tragically killed. Her death fills us with grief and we send her family our thoughts, our prayers and our love. We also mourn the two Virginia state troopers who died in service to their community, their commonwealth and their country. Troopers Jay Cullen and Berke Bates exemplify the very best of America and our hearts go out to their families, their friends and every member of American law enforcement.
These three fallen Americans embody the goodness and decency of our nation. In times such as these, America has always shown its true character, responding to hate with love, division with unity, and violence with an unwavering resolve for justice.
As a candidate, I promised to restore law and order to our country and our federal law enforcement agencies are following through on that pledge. We will spare no resource in fighting so that every American child can grow up free from violence and fear. We will defend and protect the sacred rights of all Americans and we will work together so that every citizen in this blessed land is free to follow their dreams in their hearts and to express the love and joy in their souls.
Thank you, god bless you and god bless America.
Experts in workplace gender dynamics agree. Ursula Mead, founder and CEO of job-review platform InHerSight, noted that although none of the big Wall Street banks is helmed by women, now two of the major exchanges are, the Nasdaq having appointed Adena Friedman as CEO at the beginning of last year. “I think having two women lead the exchanges can go a long way towards changing the perception of women in finance,” she said.
Fatima Goss Graves, president and CEO of the National Women's Law Center, said Cunningham's appointment should serve as a reminder that more still needs to be done for women to achieve parity in finance and other male-dominated fields. “A single appointment does not totally destroy longtime practices and approaches but it does signal that there's a real opportunity,” she said. “Disrupting the boys' club culture is a good thing. This could be an opportunity to begin that.”
Having a board committed to diversity helps, and big investors' growing comfort with taking on advocacy roles has the potential to advance gender parity.
“You have to have a board that advocates for change or thinks differently,” said Di Ann Sanchez, a member of the Diversity and Inclusion Special Expertise Panel of the Society for Human Resource Management.
“We do have some progress at the board level,” said Barbara Krumsiek, senior fellow at the Women's Leadership Institute at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business. “Investors who increasingly feel that diverse boards lead to better outcomes… like large pension funds have made this a priority. They have that tool of advocacy, which they've exercised,” she said.
For women to be better-represented in corporate leadership, support needs to come from corner offices, as well. Cunningham credited the mentors she had over the years with pushing her to believe in herself and her ambition. “I think it's so important for women to not hold themselves back,” she told NBC News. “I've been very, very fortunate to have mentors that have pushed me.”
By highlighting mentorship, Cunningham identified a critical, but often absent, component that helps young women grow in their careers. By highlighting mentorship, Cunningham identified a critical, but often absent, component that helps young women grow in their careers.
By highlighting mentorship, Cunningham identified a critical, but often absent, component that helps young women grow in their careers, according to experts. “[It's] one of the things that has been missing in too many fields, especially those that have been traditionally dominated by men,” Graves said.
Finance is no exception. “We still see there's work to be done around mentorship and sponsorship programs in the industry,” Mead said.
According to Barbara Krumsiek, a senior fellow at the Women's Leadership Institute at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business, mentorship is equally important — if not more so — when it is undertaken informally, because that indicates a corporate culture that encourages the organic development of those relationships.
“Informal mentoring is more useful to them,” she said. “You're not assigning someone or requiring anything, which says to me it's culture.”
Why are there so few women on Wall Street?
Krumsiek said finance has more gender parity than many others fields at the entry level, but women tend to leave the field at a consistently higher rate than men, which skews that balance over time. “Particularly in financial services and Wall Street, we have a lot of women entering, but we tend to see very few of them at the top,” she said. “It doesn't have an intake problem… it's the attrition rate that particularly bothers me.”
Corporate culture is often to blame, Krumsiek said. “We do find one of the most frequently cited reasons women give is their frustration, and the general sense of the climate not being accepting or not being the type of climate they'd like to have in the workplace.” Having more women in key top roles could help shift this dynamic, she said.
InHerSight data suggests similar findings: Women at financial firms tend, in general, to have a positive view of their industry, but they are dissatisfied with the number of women in industry leadership roles, and in the opportunities afforded to them by official mentorship programs, women-focused initiatives or affiliate groups. Mead said that although women hold nearly 30 percent of senior level jobs at financial firms, they make up only around 5 percent of president and CEO-level positions.
“I think it's really important that we continue this trend of trying to increase women's representation in management, in senior leadership, in the C-suite,” she said, because those examples become beacons for the next generation of young women entering the workforce.
Cunningham also alluded to this, telling NBC's Guthrie, “The fact is that any time a woman does something or any individual, any time they redraw the boundaries, it's helping everybody that follows them.”
The Niagara IceDogs went winless in back-to-back games on the weekend in eastern Ontario.
The IceDogs didn't return home emptyhanded, though.
From a 6-5 loss to Ottawa 67's Friday, they learned that playing less than one period won't get the job done.
The following night, in a 5-3 loss to the Kingston Frontenacs, they found out they are capable of keeping pace with a championship contender.
“I thought we played 18 minutes in Ottawa,” head coach Billy Burke said. “We were just too swingy, made too many soft plays where we usually make hard plays.”
Burke gave the IceDogs credit for “roaring back” in the third period against the 67's and bringing that momentum to Kingston, where they played a full 60 minutes against a team that loaded up at the trade deadline to make a run for a Memorial Cup championship.
“I thought we had a real strong game tonight,” he said. “We're all winners on this bus and we hate losing, but we can life with losing how we lost tonight.
“They guy competed. I thought Colton Incze and Johnny Corneil, especially, had two strong games for us.”
He said the play of Frontenacs goaltender Jeremy Helvig made all the difference.
“He definitely stole this game for them,” Burke said. “That's why Kingston decided to load up.
“They realized this is Helvig's last year and he's a special player, and he proved that tonight.”
“I honestly think we were the better team.”
The Frontenacs scored two empty-net goals and two on the power play, including one that found the back of net off a bad bounce from a Niagara defender.
“For us to come in there and give them absolutely everything they have, to barely escape with that win is certainly a nice sign of growth for us.”
The IceDogs outshot their hosts 18-9 in the first period, their high for the season so far.
However, they had nothing to show for it on the scoreboard.
Incze matched Helvig save-for-save until 7:02 into the second when Jason Robertson connected on the power play to open the scoring for the Frontenacs.
Ben Jones nearly netted the equalizer on Niagara's next possession but the Vegas Golden Knights draft pick was robbed by Helvig who was on his way to earning star of the game honours.
Shots in the second were 15 apiece but it was Niagara that made the most of its scoring opportunities. Corneil set up Akil Thomas' 15th goal of the season with a playmaker's pass from behind the net and Sam Miletic scored his 26th overall, and 10th as an IceDog, to put Niagara up 2-1 heading into the third period.
Goals from Cliff Pu, on the power play; Ryan Cranford, into an empty net; and Linus Nyman put the Frontenacs up 4-2 before Danial Singer made it a one-goal with his 22nd of the campaign with 49 seconds remaining in regulation.
Nyman rounded out the scoring with an empty-netter with four seconds left on the clock.
Shots were 39-all.
Kingston went 2-for-4 on the power play; Niagara, 0-for-1.
With the win, the Frontenacs took the season series with the IceDogs 3-1 and improved to 27-16-4-3.
Niagara lost its third in a row dropping to 26-16-4-2 in league play and falling two points behind the Barrie Colts, 29-18-2-1; for first place in the Central Division.
Niagara has two games in hand.
The IceDogs visit the Kitchener Rangers Tuesday and host the Sault Ste. Greyhounds two nights later. Puck drop for both games is 7 p.m.
'Dog Biscuits: Saturday night's game a bit of a homecoming for Billy Burke who played football and hockey at Queen's University in Kingston ... Niagara's Adrian Carbonara and Kingston's Liam Murray were both given five-minute majors and ejected from the game for a fight 2:04 into the game.
bfranke@postmedia.com
The father of three girls who say they were molested by gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar "lost control" during a sentencing hearing Friday, charged at the defendant and was wrestled to the flood by sheriff's deputies.
"Let me have that son of a bitch," the father, Randall Margraves, shouted after he lunged at the table where Nassar was sitting. "Give me one minute with that bastard!"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Father apologizes after lunging toward Larry Nassar in court 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The chaos that erupted in the Michigan courtroom highlighted the high emotions that have marked three weeks of hearings for Nassar, who has pleaded guilty to abusing 10 girls but is accused by more than 250 others.
Margraves, 58, later apologized for the outburst, and the judge let him go without any punishment or charges.
There was widespread sympathy for Margraves on social media, and several unauthorized fundraising accounts popped up. At a press conference later in the day, Margraves said he didn't need the money and didn't feel like a "hero."
But he made it clear that his hatred of Nassar had not dissipated.
"I can only hope that when the day comes that Larry Nassar has ended his days on this earth that he will be escorted to one of the deepest, darkest, hottest pits in hell there is."
Margraves' anger initially boiled over just after two of his daughters finished giving victim impact statements against Nassar on the ninth day of sentencing hearings held in two counties.
Lauren Margraves, who said Nassar molested her during an appointment when she was 13, said her parents had also suffered.
"I see the look on their faces and I know they want to do something and they can't," she said.
Related: Eight times Larry Nassar could have been stopped
Her younger sister was crying as she took the lectern. "My entire family has gone through hell and back these last few months," she said.
Their dad asked if he could speak. He cursed at Nassar and was admonished by Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham for using profanity.
"I would ask you to as part of this sentencing to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon," Margraves asked the judge.
"You know I can't do that," she answered.
"Would you give me one minute?" he pressed.
Turned down again, he suddenly bolted toward the front of the courtroom where Nassar was sitting, wearing bright orange jail clothing and his customary hangdog expression.
Nassar's lawyer, Matt Newburg, leaped up to block Margraves and deputies wrestled the fuming father to the ground as he continued to shout.
"Relax," one of the deputies told him.
"What if this happened to you guys?" he shouted as he was led away.
Related: Police apologize for doubting 2004 Larry Nassar accuser
Prosecutor Angela Povilaitis turned toward the rest of the victims waiting to speak and made it clear she wouldn't tolerate another disruption.
"No one can behave like this," she said. "This is letting him have power over us."
Eaton County Sheriffs restrain Randall Margraves after he lunged at Larry Nassar. Rebecca Cook / Reuters
After a brief recess, the judge returned to the bench and said that while she had empathy for Margraves, she could not condone what he did.
"Obviously what just occurred in the courtroom was scary and caused a level of discomfort for all of you," Cunningham said.
"My heart started beating fast and my legs felt shaky because of that quick eruption of violence," she added.
"I recognize that Mr. Margraves had three daughters that he has had to watch go through the pain and the hurt," she said.
"If it is hard and difficult for me to hear what his daughters had to say, I can't imagine what it is like for him."
“ Give me one minute with that bastard!”
But, she said, there is no excuse for violence.
"What Mr. Nassar did was horrible. It's unthinkable. But please let the criminal justice system do what it's supposed to do," Cunningham said.
During the lunch break, Margraves was brought back to the courtroom, where Cunningham warned that she could jail him or make him pay a fine — but had no intention of doing so.
Margraves told her that he had not seen his daughters' statements in advance and his anger grew as he listened to their words.
Then, he said, he looked over and saw Nassar sitting at the defense table "shaking his head 'no' like it didn't happen."
"I lost control," Margraves explained. "I apologize a hundred times."
"I'm definitely calmed down," he added. "I'm embarrassed. I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
In all honesty, Mr. Margraves did exactly what every other dad sitting in that courtroom has wanted to do. It only goes to show how much this affects not only the victim, but their entire family as well. Nassar assaulted all 3 of his daughters, he deserves to be enraged. — Lindsey Lemke (@lindseylemke) February 2, 2018
Nassar, 54, who was the team doctor for USA Gymnastics and a sports medicine specialist at Michigan State University, was sentenced last week in Ingham County to 40 to 175 years for molesting seven girls. He faces a similar sentence in Eaton County for abusing three girls and has already been sentenced to 60 years for child pornography.
His plea agreements allow all accusers to give impact statements and nearly 200 will have done so by the end of the hearings. One of his attorneys, Shannon Smith, said on a radio show Thursday that she doesn't believe that all those who are testifying were abused. She also said she has received death threats.
After Friday's drama, Newburg praised the deputies who intervened.
"They have gone to great lengths to ensure our safety in and out of the courtroom," he said in an email to NBC News.
Drew Collins, 30, is the first to walk the entire Three Peaks Challenge. Photo: FUEL10k
30-year-old photographer Drew Collins has just become the first person to walk the entire length of the Three Peaks Challenge – hiking between the highest mountains in Scotland, England and Wales, summiting each as he went.
Starting at Ben Nevis in Fort William, Scotland, Drew made his way down from the north, passed through the Lake District and Scafell Pike before finishing in Wales, where he ended his 24-day trek at the foot of Mount Snowdon. The total length of the trip was 403.56 miles.
The views from Ben Nevis are well worth the hike. Photo: Getty
“I knew it would be a difficult challenge to tackle, but it was so much harder than I thought it would be,” said Drew, who is from Essex but works full-time in London and made the climb with support from Fitbit and Fuel10K.
“Mountains have been climbed. Most trails have been hiked. I craved to do something bold yet unique. Wild Peaks Walk was the answer to that craving.”
The ‘Wild Peaks Walk' was an extreme take on the ‘Three Peaks Challenge', one of the most famous and popular hiking tests in the UK.
Michigan State guard Cassius Washington 5) shoots the basketball defended by Indiana guard Josh Newkirk in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Bloomington, Ind.
Panaji: CSIR-National Institute of Oceanography has launched skill development courses in aquaculture technology with an aim to address the growing demand for the need of skilled workforce and provide employment opportunities for youth of the country.The skill development centre in aquaculture technology was inaugurated by Dr S Ayyappan, NABARD Chair Professor and former secretary of the Department of Agricultural Research and Education (DARE) of the Ministry of Agriculture of India and Director General of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).
Under the programme, it is proposed to conduct four courses initially with job roles/qualification packs: (i) aquaculture technician, (ii) aquatic microbiology assistant, (iii) aquaculture worker, (iv) brackishwater aquaculture farmer.
CSIR-NIO is in the process of documentation for affiliation and accreditation with Agriculture Skill Council of India. The central theme of the courses is skill development for unemployed youth with an overall objective to impart hands-on-training in different fields of aquaculture technologies.Persons attending the courses are going to solve many theoretical/practical tasks during the course, and will after completion be awarded with either a certificate describing the content of the course and how each participant were able to solve the tasks.The candidates after undergoing the training will have the employment opportunities in the areas including fish breeder, hatchery manager, farm technician, hatchery technician, feed technician, water system technician, skilled farmers.
The course will cater to various sectors including government bodies such as National Fisheries Development Board, Marine Product Export Development Authority (MPEDA), Fisheries Survey of India (FSI), Fish Farmers Development Agencies (FFDA), Coastal Aquaculture Authority (CAA), Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute (CMFRI), State Fisheries Departments, Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying, and Fisheries (DAHDF), fisheries colleges, agriculture research stations, Krishi Vigyana Kedra (KVK), state research institutions, public display aquariums as well as private sector, academics institute, entrepreneurship in ornamental fish culture, aquaculture, hatchery and seed production, commercial pearl oyster production, fish disease diagnostic centre, consultancy services, and establishment of aqua-clinics; and ancillary services in aqua feed preparation, fish oil antibiotic and aqua drug supply, preservation and marketing of sea products. [NT]
Fans arrive for Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals between the Vegas Golden Knights and the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas. Ross D. Franklin AP Photo
TORONTO — Ontario's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year, despite claims it has balanced the budget.
In a new report today, the Financial Accountability Office says the Liberals will run a $4 billion deficit in 2017-2018.
By 2021-2022, the FAO projects the government's budget deficit will grow to $9.8 billion.
The FAO also says the government's new Fair Hydro Plan, which cuts hydro rates by 25 per cent, will add $3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022.
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring, a year ahead of the provincial election, and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.
Last year, Ontario's auditor general questioned the province's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet.
The FAO says in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor's recommended accounting for both the pension assets, and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan, it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government's fiscal projections.
Maybe it's the memories that are bringing shoppers out to the closing J.C. Penney stores.
No matter the reason, customers are showing up.
As a result, the retailer has postponed the liquidation sales and closure dates for the 138 stores it plans to shutter this year, the company told CNBC.
A shopper looks at items on sale at a JC Penney store during Black Friday sales in New York. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
"Ever since the company announced its store closure list, those stores have seen better-than-expected sales and traffic," J.C. Penney spokeswoman Daphne Avila said.
"This is not an uncommon response when you announce a store closure. Local shoppers will come out for a variety of reasons — some out of nostalgia and some who are just looking for a great deal."
It's "prudent to continue selling through our spring and summer merchandise at the current promotional levels and begin our liquidation sale a month later than originally planned," Avila continued.
The liquidation will now begin May 22 instead of April 17 as originally scheduled. The new closure date of July 31 is about six weeks later than J.C. Penney originally planned.
Penney's said earlier this year that it would close 138 stores in a bid to cut costs and focus on its most profitable locations. The company expects the closures to save it some $200 million a year, which will help it whittle down the $4.3 billion it has in long-term debt.
J.C. Penney is far from the only retailer closing down stores. Macy's and Sears are also turning off the lights in shopping centers across the U.S.as they adjust to shoppers' changing tastes and the shift to online spending.
Still, Penney's CEO Marvin Ellison has remained adamant that physical stores matter. Not only do they offer shoppers a place to touch and feel items, but they serve as hubs for picking up, distributing and returning items.
"We believe the future winners in retail will be the companies that can create a frictionless interaction between stores and e-commerce," Ellison said in a statement announcing the company's closure plan in February.
Denny Hamlin won the pole Friday night for the Bank of America 500, the NASCAR Cup Series playoff race Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord. Chuck Burton AP
WASHINGTON — A test of an advanced U.S.-Japan system intended to knock intermediate-range missiles out of the air failed off Hawaii on Wednesday, administration officials said.
The Defense Department would confirm only that a test of the SM-3 Block IIA interceptor missile was conducted at the Pacific Missile Range Facility in Kauai. But the test failed, the two administration officials told NBC News.
An SM-3 Block IIA interceptor missile was successfully launched off the west coast of Hawaii in February 2017. Department of Defense file
The nature of the flaw — whether the missile missed its target or failed to launch, for example, or whether the problem involved targeting or control systems — wasn't revealed.
Related: Worker who sent Hawaii missile false alarm believed threat was real
If it's confirmed, the flop would be the second straight failure of an SM-3 Block IIA test, after an interceptor in June failed to hit its target.
Records of the Defense Department's Missile Defense Agency report that 35 of 42 tests of the SM-3 since 2002 — not all of them Block IIAs — have been categorized as successes.
The SM-3 Block IIA, which can be deployed from land or ships as part of the Aegis Ashore Missile Defense system, is a joint U.S.-Japan project designed to counter any missiles from North Korea or other countries in the region. Japan proposed to buy four of the missiles for more than $130 million earlier this month.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Hawaii officials detail staff changes following missile false alarm incident 1:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Hans Nichols reported from Washington. Alex Johnson reported from Los Angeles.
Will the Next War Be About Water?
Ramu Damodaran is Editor-in-Chief of the UN Chronicle and Chief of the United Nations Academic Impact—a vibrant network of more than 1200 academic and research institutions around the world which are committed to supporting UN's goals and ideals.
This article is part of a series of stories and op-eds launched by IPS on the occasion of World Water Day on March 22.
UNITED NATIONS, Mar 19 2018 (IPS) - One of the first resolutions adopted by the United Nations General Assembly, on the location of the headquarters of the Organization, gives the United Nations “exclusive rights over the subsoil of land conveyed to it, and in particular the right to make constructions underground and to obtain therefrom supplies of water.”
That was, in many ways, a metaphor for the rights of “we the peoples” who had constituted the United Nations and their legitimate claim to the fertile wealth of the land that was their home. It was also a metaphor in another sense, a reminder that no matter how vast the visible, the invisible can too be attained.
Water is visible in Juba, South Sudan's capital on the southern edge of the Nile, but just shy of its city limits, in the community of Munuki, wells are dug deep into for invisible, and often contaminated, drinking water. UNMISS, the UN Mission in South Sudan, created a wholly new hydrosystem in the area, bringing clean water to the surface with the turn of a tap.
An ocean away, in Vietnam, the UNICEF Tap Project encourages patrons in restaurants to donate a dollar or more for the tap water they usually enjoy for free, creating funds to bring the same water to children denied its access.
Just west, the National University of Singapore devises a “drainage block” to “improve water harvesting, and to create a much larger base flow that is required for beautification of urban canals” as part of the World Intellectual Property Organization's “WIPO Green” database.
Arc north to Tashtak, in Kyrgyzstan, where children had to cross the country's busiest road to fetch water from nearby villages; every few weeks a child was struck and injured by a car or truck. Despite contributions from every resident of Tashtak, a project to put standpipes in the street was still short of the total needed. UNHCR then stepped up to fill the funding gap under the peacebuilding project, supported by the UN Peacebuilding Fund; the refurbishment took about seven months to complete and provided 12 standpipes throughout the village which now provide clean, fresh water to about 800 people.
These vignettes, of how each UN office or agency has its contribution to make to a universal need and, like our cover, quest for water, find echo in this issue. When the General Assembly requested its President to convene a working-level dialogue to discuss improving the integration and coordination of the work of the United Nations on the water-related goals and targets under its sustainable development pillar, it decided that it “shall be ad hoc, informal, inclusive, open-ended and interactive.” We hope this issue too is informal, inclusive and open-ended. And that, with your shared thoughts and responses on the Water Action Decade and Sustainable Development Goal 6, it will be interactive as well.
“People are saying that the next war will be about water,” President of the General Assembly Miroslav Lajčák said at a gathering of students at Seton Hall University, a member of the United Nations Academic Impact, a few months ago. “Let's make sure there will be no next war and let's make sure that we treat water the way it deserves.”
From the UN chronicle
https://unchronicle.un.org/
It's an exciting time to be alive as NASA, along with billionaires and their rockets, continue to push the envelope when it comes to space travel and exploration.
But it all comes at a pivotal time, as President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January. As president, Trump will nominate a NASA administrator and will be tasked with setting a budget for the space program, which will then have to be approved by Congress.
The current proposed budget for NASA in 2017 is $19 billion — down $300 million from the previous year but still an improvement from the past decade, which saw the end of the space shuttle program.
Related: Cheers to the Tech We Have to Look Forward to in 2017
Trump Sets the Course For NASA
President-elect Donald Trump will step into his new role during a pivotal time for future space endeavors, as well, with NASA setting its sights on a Mars mission in the 2030s and preparing to end its dependence on Russia for rides to the International Space Station.
Whomever Trump nominates could set the tone for the future of the space program, including how NASA partners with the commercial space industry, according to Jim Cantrell, CEO of Vector Space Systems and a founding member of SpaceX.
With Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel acting as a close Trump adviser, Cantrell said "some of the more commercial thinking" he brings "is very healthy, and if Trump continues to do that, it will be very positive for NASA."
Presidents are usually relatively hands-off with NASA; however, Cantrell sees an opportunity for Trump, who has previously called space "terrific."
"Occasionally you see presidents come in and provide a clear change in direction of leadership," he said, referring to John F. Kennedy's decision to go to the moon and George W. Bush's appointment of a NASA administrator who helped paved the way for partnerships with the private space industry.
"The potential is there for Trump to do the same thing," Cantrell said.
Ending Reliance on the Russians
Since NASA grounded its shuttle program in 2011, the space agency has been buying seats aboard a Russian Soyuz capsule in order to send American astronauts to and from the International Space Station.
It likely won't happen in 2017, but expect to hear updates from NASA partners SpaceX and Boeing as both make strides in their testing of commercial crew vessels: When they are ready to shuttle humans, SpaceX's Crew Dragon and Boeing's Starliner would cost about $58 million per seat, according to NASA. By comparison, a seat aboard the Russian Soyuz has the heftier price tag of $81 million.
A Return to Flight for SpaceX
SpaceX is planning to return to flight in January — just four months after an anomaly destroyed a Falcon 9 rocket and the satellite it had been set to carry into space.
Elon Musk's company is targeting a January launch, exact date to be determined, for Iridium's mobile communications fleet.
SpaceX's timeline is ambitious, but the company has pulled it off in the past. After its Dragon capsule exploded en route to the International Space Station, the company was sidelined for six months.
The Unpredictable Jeff Bezos
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is a member of the billionaire rocket club. As CEO of Blue Origin, he's largely kept quiet about the company's plans, instead telling the world after they've pulled off something impressive.
"They have been unpredictable from the start because there isn't much known about what their core path is," said Cantrell. "I am fascinated to see what it is the guy has in mind. His style is very different from Elon's. Elon says what he wants to do and goes and gathers the money to do it. Bezos suddenly shows up with a fully functional vehicle that blows your mind."
Blue Origin has been following a cycle of "launch, land, and repeat," with its reusable New Shepard rocket and vehicle, which goes into sub-orbital space.
Jeff Bezos, chief executive officer of Amazon and founder of Blue Origin. Matthew Staver / Bloomberg via Getty Images
Building a Space-Based Internet
"I see it as a very bright year for the space internet," Cantrell said.
Building a space-based internet is not a new idea, but it's one that has taken off once again largely due to new technology and lower launch costs.
While a number of companies, including SpaceX, have expressed a desire to build a space-based internet, it's shaping up to be a big year for OneWeb.
The company, whose investors include The Virgin Group, Coca-Cola, Airbus, and Qualcomm, announced earlier this month it had received a $1.2 billion injection of capital, which will support production in a high volume satellite facility, according to the company.
"My bet is on OneWeb to get it going first," Cantrell said.
Virgin Galactic
Virgin Galactic suffered a major setback with its SpaceShipTwo when it broke apart over the Mojave Desert in 2014, killing the co-pilot and seriously injuring the pilot, who was able to parachute to safety.
Earlier this month, Virgin Galactic marked its first major milestone since the crash when its new spaceship, the VSS Unity, successfully completed its first glide test.
When it comes to space tourism, Virgin Galactic has been one of the most visible companies setting imaginations wild with the idea of actually letting human tourists visit space.
"They aren't going to move as aggressively forward as the smaller companies launching unmanned stuff," Cantrell said. They'll work on "getting the risk of losing human life down" and showing their more than 700 customers who have been patiently waiting that they have a "strong future."
Related: Like a Virgin, in Space for the Very First Time
Cassini's Saturn Swan Song
Having spent nearly 20 years on the move in space, NASA's Cassini space probe will end its mission in September when it dives head-on into Saturn.
Before it slams into the ringed planet, Cassini will come as close as 1,012 miles above Saturn's clouds before it makes a fatal plunge into the atmosphere.
The space probe launched in 1997 and arrived at Saturn in 2004.
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in his NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in the Columbus Blue Jackets' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game, and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period. Arena. Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists, and Alexander Wennberg added two assists.
Islanders starter Thomas Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois' goal. Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots he faced in relief.
With all of the offensive opportunities created by the Blue Jackets, it could have been worse.
Columbus scored on its first shot of the season when Oliver Bjorkstrand shovelled the puck out from the back wall to Milano for a 10-footer that he snapped past Greiss.
LIGHTNING 5, PANTHERS 3
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Steven Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in his return from a right knee injury and Tampa Bay beat Florida in their opener.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. He sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Roberto Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers Bob Boughner took the loss in his NHL coaching debut.
——
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
14:15 KEY EVENT
Madders comment
The Ellesmere Port MP has confirmed he is standing again.
Mr Madders said he would be ‘proud to defend my record of being a hard-working local MP'.
He also criticised Theresa May for ‘putting her own interests ahead of the county' in calling the election.
The Labour MP said: “Since being elected two years ago, I have been out speaking with local people every single week, taking up the issues that matter to them.
“From standing up for Vauxhall, fighting for rail improvements in Neston or calling on the Government to deliver the investment that our road network and town centres need, I have always put my constituents first.
“On a whole host of local issues, there is much I have been working on that is unfinished business.
“I hope that the people of Ellesmere Port & Neston will give me the opportunity to complete the job.”
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The U.S. Supreme Court is putting limits on the ability of police to search vehicles when they do not have a search warrant.
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
Remember when Erick “Cubo” Torres was one of the most exciting young prospects in MLS? He was early in his career, getting Mexican national team call-ups and putting on a one-man show for an otherwise awful team in Chivas USA.
But that has felt like a distant memory since his arrival with the Houston Dynamo, a move has gone about as poorly as anyone could've imagined. Now, it doesn't appear Torres can move on, either.
The Dynamo were hoping to offload Torres to Cruz Azul, sending him on loan with an option to buy, but the Liga MX club have sent him back to Houston. That means the Dynamo under new coach Wilmer Cabrera need to find a way to snap Torres back into the form he once enjoyed.
On one hand, Cabrera may be the right guy to do it. He coached Torres previously with Chivas USA in 2014, when Torres scored 15 goals in 29 games. That was a breakout year for Torres and the main reason the Dynamo wanted the striker. If a manager can get the best out of Torres, it's probably Cabrera, who was named Houston's coach in October.
But Houston will still be a tough place for Torres to succeed. Mauro Manotas was one of the few bright spots for the Dynamo last season as a lone striker and, on a Designated Player contract, he figures to be the go-to starter. Torres, also a DP, could maybe pair alongside him if Cabrera changes the Dynamo's system — but the Dynamo also have another striker DP option in Alberth Elis, who seems to offer more upside.
Jayne Kamin-Oncea/Jayne Kamin-Oncea-USA TODAY Spor
There is still plenty of off-season rebuilding left for the Dynamo, but until (and unless) they can find a creative playmaker to get service to strikers, it will be tough for any central striker — whether it's Torres or Manotas — to find scoring opportunities. The Dynamo is stuck with three DPs occupying largely the same role, and the challenge for them is getting the right playmaker there.
With the Dynamo seemingly forced to somehow shoehorn Torres or waste a DP slot, it raises some big questions about how their roster is being built. The group they have right now doesn't fit together and the team has lacked an identity for some time now. The Dynamo's poor hiring of Owen Coyle as head coach didn't help, but the onus is on general Matt Jordan to work with Cabrera and make some sense of a roster that doesn't make much sense right now. 2017 will be Jordan's third year in charge of Houston and they've yet to show even small signs of being a mediocre team, let alone a good one.
For Torres, those factors could end up setting him up for more failure and make a comeback more difficult. Since his struggles in Houston, he's fallen off the El Tri radar — far cry from the hype before his move, when MLS being able to hold onto a young up-and-coming Mexican star was a big “get” for the league.
But Torres needs to fight for a spot in Houston, regardless of the Dynamo's problems. The longer he doesn't play, the more his potential and once-good form is forgotten. Both Cubo and Houston are going to need to try to make it work because they have few other options.
Mist-filled blossoms you can touch
Guests wander through a bubble tree presented by COS X Studio Swine at Temple House in Miami Beach during Art Basel week on Tuesday, Dec. 5, 2017. The installation was created by British artist Alexander Groves and Japanese architect Azusa Murakami. Among the guests was German fashion model, Caroline Daur.
Were you looking to pick up a Razer Phone, but wishing that it came in gold? Your dream has come true... kinda. Razer has just unveiled a 'Limited Gold Edition' of the Razer Phone in celebration of the Lunar New Year, and it's available for purchase right now.
Look at all that gold.
Those of you who just glanced at the photo above might be wondering where the gold part of the 'Limited Gold Edition' moniker comes in. If you look closely, you can see that the Razer logo on the back is gold, but that's legitimately the only gold thing on the phone. The red box and gold letter, as well as the gold Razer stickers (ooh!), in the hero image will be included with the Limited Gold Edition. Unfortunately, I don't think the two oranges will fit in the box.
You can buy the Razer Phone Limited Gold Edition right now from the RazerStore for the same $699.99 that the regular model costs. It's also being sold in Three (the mobile carrier, not the number) stores in Hong Kong, as well as RazerStore Hong Kong.
Many countries would offer profound thanks to their preferred deities if they were blessed with Canada's abundant natural resources. Perhaps Canadians should join together in prayer for politicians with the slightest sense of what to do with our riches, and some concern for the national interest to boot.
In the latest example of our continuing national self-sabotage, the minority British Columbia government has said it will consider whether to ban expanded exports of raw bitumen from the B.C. coast. The province's NDP government says the proposed ban is designed to forestall any increase in exports via the Trans Mountain pipeline until it is confident that its coasts are perfectly safe from a spill of Alberta oil, which the province uses in abundance, but which the NDP government and its Green party coalition allies consider to be vile.
This is such a transparent con that it should offend all intelligent people. The anti-oil ideologues that now control the provincial NDP and Green parties will never be satisfied that there are sufficient safeguards in place. The strategy is clearly obstructionist, intended to forestall, likely indefinitely, Kinder Morgan's plan to expand the capacity of its pipeline (including new construction of sections in some areas) to the B.C. coast. This is a slap in the face of all Canadians who support our energy sector, made worse by the insulting fiction that it's anything other than a permanent roadblock gussied up as a procedural delay.
B.C. has a duty to behave as a responsible member of the federation
With the Keystone XL pipeline to the U.S. Gulf Coast still in limbo, having suffered endless delays and expenses orchestrated through similar tactics by U.S. anti-oil activists and politicians, and both the Northern Gateway and Energy East proposals made impossible by politicians in Quebec and Ottawa, Trans Mountain's plan, which has received federal approval, is the only realistic option to get Alberta's oil to global markets, where it could receive a fair market price. B.C., of course, has a right to advance its own interests. But it also has a duty to behave as a responsible member of the federation.
Alberta's oil wealth has long been a massive contributor not just to its own prosperity, but via equalization, to the well-being of millions of other Canadians. Oil is a critical part of the Canadian economy and government revenue, whether the green lobby likes it or not. Further, the pipeline would create jobs and growth for Canada as a whole, including B.C. For the province to continue its obstructionist ploys is appalling, but sadly, no longer surprising.
The federal government has a critical role to play
Alberta governments, and B.C. governments, come to think of it, have talked a good game about finding a way to “get to yes” on Alberta oil shipments to the Pacific coast. Alberta already operates an incredibly safer operation. The federal government has concluded appropriate spill contingency plans are in place. Alberta politicians have surrendered to carbon taxes and other economy-hobbling measures demanded by the climate brigade. So where are the pipelines? Where's the “social licence?” To ask the question is to answer it. No compromise will suffice, no compromise will survive the next election cycle. Special interests continually override the national interest. Just because it no longer surprises does not stop it from continuing to disappoint.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau himself, no friend to the oilpatch, has reiterated his government's position. “That pipeline is going to get built,” he said in an interview this week with Edmonton radio station CHED. “We will stand by our decision. We will ensure that the Kinder Morgan pipeline gets built.” But he has seemed so far worryingly unready to confront B.C. and its ongoing intransigence. This is where the federal government has a critical role to play. Mr. Trudeau, we're waiting.
HOUSTON - After nearly 20 years in business in the state of Texas, it's lights out for Breeze Energy.
The Public Utility Commission pulled the plug on the power provider Wednesday after it learned the company was not meeting mandated financial requirements to remain feasible.
But that also meant the process to immediately shift nearly 10,000 customers to other providers was initiated without the rates those customers had negotiated with Breeze. Those new providers are referred to as "providers of last resort" or "POLR."
"The provider of last resort picks those customers up to maintain continuity of electricity supply," says Jesson Bradshaw, CEO of Energy Ogre -- a company that assists customers in purchasing energy plans.
Bradshaw says former Breeze customers may not notice a change in providers because they never lose power -- so their bills could rise for weeks or months before they realize a change even occurred.
"The pricing that folks might see with the POLR provider is more than likely gonna be different from what they were paying the previous provider that had to transition those customers away," Bradshaw said.
Of the 9,800 customers affected, nearly half were in the CenterPoint coverage area. Those folks can expect to be notified by mail -- but need to act fast to avoid a higher-than-normal bill.
"It's definitely important to look for another plan to get yourself into something on a fixed-priced basis," Bradshaw advises, "or have a plan to transition over to something else."
Bradshaw says the Breeze shutdown by the PUC is a rare occurrence, but prices are rising higher because some large power plants in the system recently have been retired. Those closings combined with an expected very hot summer could tighten the supply and demand balance, so he wouldn't be surprised if another power company finds itself in this same situation as Breeze.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
1:18 'They destroyed our lives,' sister of Aryan-gang murder victim says Pause
1:49 Grieving mom held out hope that son was alive
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
By 2024, the tax deductions will amount to $60.3 billion, and those making $1 million or more will account for $31.6 billion (52.4 percent) of that.
The numbers don't come as a shock to those who closely follow tax debates in Washington.
"The distribution of benefits from the pass-through deduction largely reflects the distribution of income from these businesses," said Mark Mazur, director of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. "Pass-through income from partnerships, S-Corps and LLCs is highly concentrated toward the top of the income distribution."
Trump and congressional Republicans created the new deduction to try to achieve relative parity between pass-through and "C" corporations, which benefit in a reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent.
While the dollar-value of deductions skews toward the top, it's not only the very wealthiest pass-through owners who will be able to pay less in taxes.
About 9.2 million taxpayers who make $100,000 to $500,000 this year will account for $15.7 billion in deductions, and roughly 9.7 million filers in that income range will get $19.6 billion in 2024, the Joint Committee on Taxation reports. Their counterparts who earn less than $100,000 are in line to share about $3 billion in 2018 and a little less than $4 billion in 2024.
About a mile offshore from Kaneohe Bay on the Hawaiian island of Oahu, a yellow, doughnut-shaped contraption bobs up and down with the motion of the ocean. The hulking device, as wide as a school bus is long, looks a bit like a massive buoy or life raft. In fact, it's a wave energy converter — one example of a new renewable energy technology that transforms ocean waves into electrical power.
The Lifesaver, as the device is known, is full of gears, cables, and sophisticated electronics. But while other renewable energy devices (like wind turbines and solar panels) are relatively mature technologies, wave energy converters represent a nascent technology. If wind energy has a graduate degree, says Luis Vega, manager of the Hawaii National Marine Renewable Energy Center that's testing the Lifesaver, "wave energy is still in the first grade."
But Vega and other experts see big things for wave energy. If they're right, arrays of wave energy converters moored along coastal regions of the U.S. will be providing power to millions of homes in coming decades.
A thousand variations
What these devices will look like — and exactly how they will work — is anybody's guess. The Lifesaver has an onboard electrical generator driven by the up and down motion of cables that stretch from the bottom of the device to the ocean floor.
Other converters resemble large snakes and harness wave energy via hydraulic systems activated by the movement of jointed segments; still others resemble giant underwater metallic balloons and feature pumps that pressurize seawater to power a hydroelectric turbine back on shore. Some operate close to shore and are visible from land, while others operate in deeper waters.
There are more than a thousand different wave converter designs, says Reza Alam, a wave energy researcher at the University of California, Berkeley. Adds Ted Brekken, an energy systems researcher at Oregon State University, “The simple fact is that we're not at a point yet where there's a dominant technological paradigm. It may be that there might not be one."
One thing is clear: Wave energy is a vast, untapped resource that could help reduce our reliance on fossil fuels.
Key advantages
Like solar and wind power, wave power harnesses energy that comes ultimately from the sun. Solar radiation causes air pressure gradients that cause wind, and wind gives its momentum to the ocean surface, producing waves. As Alam puts it, "Wave power is a very dense form of solar power."
Just how dense? Every square meter of a solar panel receives 0.2 to 0.3 kilowatts of solar energy, Alam says, and every square meter of a wind tower absorbs 2 to 3 kilowatts. Every meter of the California coast receives 30 kilowatts of wave energy.
Wave energy has another advantage over solar and wind. Waves are easy to forecast, Brekken says. And unlike solar, which works only in daylight hours, wave energy can be harnessed 24/7.
The latest research suggests that wave energy in the U.S. could produce up to 1,170 terawatt-hours a year, or nearly one-third of the country's total electricity usage. Recognizing this vast potential, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) is investing heavily in wave energy. Last year, the DOE awarded $2.25 million to winners of a wave energy converter design challenge and $40 million to Oregon State University for a new grid-connected wave energy testing facility.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened?
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Why it matters to you The BlackBerry Motion, which could be the first BlackBerry phone without a physical keyboard since the Storm, might launch before the year's end.
BlackBerry might not design phones anymore, but its largest licensee, TCL, wasted no time in filling the old guard's shoes. In 2016 alone, the Chinese holding company launched no fewer than three devices — the DTEK50, the DTEK60, and the flagship KeyOne featuring BlackBerry's signature chiclet keys, enterprise software, and soft-touch plastic. If the rumors are true, a fourth phone — the BlackBerry Motion (or BlackBerry Krypton, depending on who you ask) — might be around the corner.
The BlackBerry Motion is said to be an all-metal, high-end Android phone that's radically different from TCL's existing lineup. It reportedly has a bezel-less touchscreen, a fingerprint scanner, and a 3.5mm headphone jack, and it could launch as soon as late 2017.
Here's everything we know about the Blackberry Motion so far.
Design and display
The BlackBerry Motion's specifications remain a mystery, for the most part, but we have a pretty good idea of what the phone will look like.
VentureBeat's Evan Blass leaked a render of the BlackBerry Motion in early October, and it's a departure from TCL's previous BlackBerry smartphones. A chamfered metal band wraps around the phone's outer edges and houses two ports, a USB-C port and a 3.5mm headphone jack, and three buttons. One might be a Convenience key, a physical switch (and holdover from the BlackBerry KeyOne) that can be programmed to an app, setting, or routine.
Then there's the screen. Assuming the render is accurate, the BlackBerry Motion will boast an edge-to-edge display, which would make it the first BlackBerry handset without a physical keyboard since the BlackBerry Storm. Beneath it appears to be a touch-sensitive, BlackBerry-branded button that reportedly serves as a fingerprint sensor.
Cameras
The BlackBerry KeyOne wasn't known for its picture quality, but the BlackBerry Motion might be different. According to WinFuture's Roland Quandt, it has a Sony IMX378 sensor — the same 12-megapixel, 4K-capable sensor as the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. Quandt says the front camera is a Samsung S5K4H8 8-megapixel model with a 1.12 sensor size and a 1080p/30 frames per second shooting mode
Specs
The BlackBerry Motion's hardware is shrouded in mystery, but a leaked profile page on TCL's servers hints at the specs.
According to the webpage, the BlackBerry Motion has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 or 626 processors and 4GB of RAM. The aforementioned touchscreen is reportedly Full HD (1,920 x 1,080 pixels) in resolution, and the battery is 4,000mAh (about 500mAh larger than the BlackBerry KeyOne's power pack).
It's also said to be waterproof. The BlackBerry Motion's metal-and-glass casing is reportedly IP67 certified to withstand up to three-and-a-half-feet of water for 30 minutes.
Price and release date
The BlackBerry Motion is expected to launch by the end of this year, but we don't know exactly when.
Recent regulatory filings hint at a release date, though. In late August, a phone with the model number BDD100-2 — or BlackBerry Krypton — passed through the Wi-Fi Alliance, and subsequently the Federal Communications Commission. When it comes to phones, that's usually a sign of an impending launch.
Whenever the BlackBerry Motion does arrive, it'll likely be widely available. Quandt reports it'll launch on AT&T, Sprint, and Verizon later this year, with Dual-SIM variants in China to follow soon after.
Police in Antrim are appealing for information following reports of criminal damage at two houses in the Portlee Walk area of Parkhall estate.
Windows were smashed at both properties between 11.15pm on Monday, October 2 and 00.30am on Tuesday, October 3.
The incidents are being treated as racially motivated hate crimes and officers have appealed for anyone who has any information to contact them in Antrim on 101 quoting reference number 1552 02/10/17.
Information can also be given anonymously through the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
By TOM WITHERS
AP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - Kevin Love dodged surgery. The Cavaliers were hit hard.
The All-Star forward, who was recently at the center of some team turmoil, will miss two months because of a broken left hand. Love fractured the fifth metacarpal Tuesday night during a loss at Detroit, and his injury is just the latest mishap for the Cavs, who are coming off a sub-par January.
It was expected that Love would need an operation to repair the break, but after Cleveland's medical staff consulted with doctors at New York's Hospital for Special Surgery, it was determined Love can recover without any procedure. He had surgery on his left hand in 2009 while with Minnesota and still has three screws in place.
The timetable for Love's return means he'll miss all but the final two weeks of the regular season. The team's second-leading scorer and top rebounder won't have much time to get ready for the playoffs. But with the way the Cavs are playing, it's questionable how far they can go.
Cleveland (30-20) is coming off a bumpy month in which the Eastern Conference champions went 6-8 and were blown out in several losses, leading to finger-pointing between teammates. During a recent team meeting, Love was questioned by some Cleveland players for leaving a loss against Oklahoma City and then missing practice the next day.
Love explained he was sick, the Cavs accepted his excuse and the team seemed to be coming together when he got injured. He's averaging 17.9 points and 9.4 rebounds in his fourth season with Cleveland, which hosts Houston on Saturday.
Cavs coach Tyronn Lue spoke to Love and said his "spirits are down."
"He's just disappointed that he got hurt and I told him to just take his time," Lue said, "and we can hold the fort down until he gets back. So he was down, but it's part of the game. Hate to see anyone go through it, but we just gotta hold it down until he gets back. There's nothing you can do about it now. All he can do is just rehab and get himself healthy and when he comes back gotta be ready to play."
The Cavs won their first game without Love after Lue started forward Jae Crowder on Wednesday against Miami. Last week, Lue dropped Crowder into the second unit and started Tristan Thompson at center with Love moving back to power forward.
Lue said his starting lineup could change on a game-to-game basis because of matchups.
Not only is Love missing the playoff push, but he'll have to sit out the All-Star game for the second straight year. He sat out last season following a procedure on his knee. Miami's Goran Dragic will replace him for the Feb. 18 game in Los Angeles.
Love's loss will have a big impact on how the Cavs proceed as the Feb. 8 trading deadline approaches. Cleveland has had numerous conversations about potential deals, and now there is greater urgency to get something done.
Cleveland needs a big man and the club has two first-round picks, including Brooklyn's, it could use to overhaul its roster.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic --Select-- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
0:41 Crucial Presidents' Day weekend looms for Miami tourism industry Pause
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
1:19 Trump says he gets along well with Japanese prime minister
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
WASHINGTON — A wide-ranging White House plan to combat America's opioid crisis contains a striking element: It calls on the Justice Department to seek the death penalty for some drug traffickers. Opponents call that a return to failed drug-war tactics, and some legal experts question its constitutionality and effectiveness.
A look at President Donald Trump's proposal:
WHAT IS THE PLAN?
The push for greater use of the death penalty is just part of a sweeping plan that includes stiffer penalties for drug peddlers as well as expanding access to treatment and recovery efforts. It's in keeping with the Trump administration's tough-on-crime approach to the opioid abuse epidemic that claimed a record 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016. Trump, who mused openly that countries like Singapore have fewer issues with addiction because they harshly punish drug dealers, said he wants the Justice Department to seek the “ultimate penalty” when possible.
——
CAN HE DO THAT?
Maybe. Trump isn't proposing a new law, but is encouraging the Justice Department to enforce existing laws more vigorously.
The Federal Drug Kingpin Act allows federal prosecutors to seek the death penalty in cases when someone is intentionally killed during a drug deal or in furtherance of a drug enterprise.
There are other federal laws that could potentially allow death penalty prosecutions of “kingpins” when large amounts of money and drugs are involved, even if there has not been a killing. But no administration, Democratic or Republican, has ever pursued and secured a death sentence under those laws.
It's not clear that death sentences for drug dealers, even for those whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional, said Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University. He predicted the issue would be litigated extensively and ultimately settled by the U.S. Supreme Court.
“The death penalty is uncertain as a constitutionally permissible punishment without that connection to an intentional killing,” Berman said.
Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions, vowed to seek the death penalty under federal law “whenever appropriate” against drug dealers who “show no respect of human dignity and put their own greed ahead of the safety and even the lives of others.”
——
HAVE ANY DRUG TRAFFICKERS EVER BEEN SENTENCED TO DEATH?
The Death Penalty Information Center lists 14 federal death row prisoners awaiting execution for drug-related crimes. They include Azibo Aquart, who was sentenced to death in 2012 for planning and participating in the deaths of a rival and two people living with her. There is also Orlando Hall, who was sentenced in 2007 for a drug-related kidnapping that ended in death. Dustin Honken was sentenced to die in 2004 for the killings of two children in a drug-related conspiracy in which three other people were also killed.
——
WILL MORE FEDERAL DEATH SENTENCES EASE THE DRUG EPIDEMIC?
Trump believes so, but others are skeptical.
Cornell Law School Professor John H. Blume said enforcement of the Federal Drug Kingpin Act tends to net poor minorities considered low- to mid-level drug dealers rather than kingpins whose products are fueling the drug crisis. Opponents said the approach resembles the drug war of the 1970s and '80s, when there was bipartisan agreement in Washington that the best way to fight crime was with long, mandatory prison sentences. That approach is now questioned by some conservatives as well as liberals.
“I don't think there's any reason to believe that attempting to revive this policy and use it more effectively will be any more successful,” Blume said, adding that death sentences are hard to win. Too few drug traffickers will be sentenced to death and executed to have a real deterrent effect, he said. “I don't think people out there who sell drugs are worried about, am I going to get the death penalty?”
TRENTON, N.J. (CBSNewYork) – It's a waiting game in New Jersey as the Supreme Court considers legalizing sports betting in the Garden State.
Gov. Phil Murphy says the state is prepared if the court gives the green light.
As CBS2's Meg Baker reports, sports betting in New Jersey would look something like horse betting at the Meadowlands clubhouse – where you pick your team and hand over the cash. Millions of people live within 50 miles of the complex, and legalization could mean big business.
“Getting additional foot traffic in here to see this beautiful facility. We built this $120 million facility, it opened back in November of 2013. And horse racing has struggled here in the Garden State,” said Jason Settlemoir, COO and general manager of Meadowlands Racing & Entertainment.
Retired State Sen. Ray Lesniak helped frame sports betting legislation for New Jersey and brought the case all the way to the Supreme Court.
“Why shouldn't New Jersey residents have the same benefits that Las Vegas does?” he said.
More: Trump Administration Sides With NFL In New Jersey Sports Betting Case
No one knows exactly when the court will rule. It could happen anytime between now and the June recess.
Lesniak estimates legalized sports betting will bring in hundreds of millions in tax revenue and thousands of jobs.
“Monmouth Racetrack is ready to go, they are geared up, they have their systems all in place,” he said.
Track officials said it could be ready two weeks after given the go. Other racetracks and casinos will follow.
“Timeline-wise and stuff like that, we should be able to roll by the beginning of the football season,” Settlemoir said.
Baker asked whether people would have to be there in person or could place a bet over the phone.
“It depends. If they uphold my law, then it's up to the casinos and racetracks to make their rules, and certainly they would do that,” said Lesniak. “If they just declare the sports betting ban unconstitutional, then it's up to the Legislature to craft what that means and how to do it.”
Meaning the state would allow the racetracks and casinos to develop apps to place bets via your smartphone, but you would still need to be in New Jersey.
“I will place the first bet, and I'm going to bet on the Giants to win the Super Bowl,” Lesniak said.
He pointed out that one indirect benefit of sports betting will be tourism and hopefully the survival of Atlantic City casinos.
Even after spending several decades in politics as a councillor, and being elected as an MP in both 2010 and 2015, the night of Thursday, June 8 and the morning of the 9th were exhilarating and terrifying in equal measure.
Pleasingly, the local result turned out well in the end.
I was very honoured to be re-elected as the MP for Mid Derbyshire with 29,513 votes, which is almost 5,000 more votes than I received in the last election.
I would like to thank everyone who voted for me and assure every constituent, whether they chose to elect me or not, that I will continue to work extremely hard for everyone, both in the constituency and Westminster. Mid Derbyshire is my home and it is a privilege to represent it.
While MPs get all of the focus on the night itself – whether good or bad – they are only a part of the campaign.
The invisible foundation of any success they receive are the campaign agents, friends, family, and above all volunteers who give up their time, put in the hours, and (at certain trying moments!) provide emotional support to stressed politicians.
As such, I would like to thank everyone who helped me in this campaign: the unnoticed heroes who were out canvassing, knocking on doors, and leafletting.
They put in a tremendous amount of hard work. Campaigns cannot operate without them, and I am so grateful for everyone who gave up their time to help in spite of adversity: from difficult conversations and freezing rain to, for one poor volunteer, a bite from a dog.
Another particularly upsetting experience was that several of my posters were defaced, including having swastikas drawn on them.
It is, quite frankly, pathetic to act in such a way and try to stifle free speech by preventing someone conveying their opinion. I believe people should be able to express their views and committing criminal damage by vandalising personal property is a stupid action.
Although I was obviously pleased to be re-elected, I was very saddened by the situation nationally.
Not only was the result politically disappointing, but many friends of mine lost their jobs, not the least Amanda Solloway in Derby North.
Of course, those with different political views from mine will be happier but the lack of a clear majority is a pity, and a frustration for the UK as a whole: creating uncertainty ahead of vital Brexit negotiations with the EU.
I believe in a country that works for everyone, and it is now time for the Government to show its strength, lead us through a challenging period, and emerge stronger than before.
Brexit offers many opportunities for business and our country and we have to make our negotiations work for all to provide a stable environment for us to move forward.
Torino President Urbano Cairo Insists Joe Hart's “Performance Levels Have Dropped”
Joe Hart's “performance levels have dropped” because of constant speculation about his future, according to Torino president Urbano Cairo.
The 29-year-old, who spent a decade with Manchester City, has failed to keep a clean sheet for the Serie A side since January 8 and has made costly errors that have led to goals this season.
Cario believes there is a reason behind the England international's mistakes.
“There's too much being said about Hart,” he told Tuttosport .
“Since this has been happening, his performance levels have dropped. This is already the third time we concede a goal this way and that's a bit too much.
“It happens and I like him, but come on. He's a great goalkeeper, though, and let's see how things evolve.”
The post Torino President Urbano Cairo Insists Joe Hart's “Performance Levels Have Dropped” appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By the end of this class, you should be able to…
1. Discuss how nation-building projects have been implicated in the transformation of martial arts
2. Explain how globalization has affected and continues to affect the practice of martial arts
3. Critique how identity has affected martial arts participation in different times & societies
4. Compare/contrast enskillment in the martial arts with other forms of learning or enculturation
5. Create a definition of what ‘counts' as a martial art and evaluate various embodied arts within this framework Are the martial arts still relevant? Does efficacy even matter? Who has the right to practice traditional cultural arts? We will address these questions and more this spring in Anthropology of Martial Arts (ANTH 3300 Section 002)By the end of this class, you should be able to…1. Discuss how nation-building projects have been implicated in the transformation of martial arts2. Explain how globalization has affected and continues to affect the practice of martial arts3. Critique how identity has affected martial arts participation in different times & societies4. Compare/contrast enskillment in the martial arts with other forms of learning or enculturation5. Create a definition of what ‘counts' as a martial art and evaluate various embodied arts within this framework Posted:
12/30/2016
Originator:
Lauren Griffith
Email:
lauren.griffith@ttu.edu
Department:
SASW
Categories
Academic
NEW YORK — Two of Harvey Weinstein's accusers have watched from the audience as journalists whose work led to his arrest received their Pulitzer Prize awards.
The New York Times and The New Yorker magazine received the gold medal for public service Wednesday for reporting on decades of sexual abuse allegations against the Hollywood mogul.
The stories by Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey of The Times and Ronan Farrow for The New Yorker sparked the #MeToo movement.
Joining the luncheon at Columbia University in support of the journalistic work were Rosanna Arquette and Annabella Sciorra. The actresses are among those who have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct, allegations he denies.
Farrow was also joined by his mother, actress Mia Farrow.
Rapper-songwriter Kendrick Lamar was there to pick up his Pulitzer Prize for music.
SAN FRANCISCO — Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones.
The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday. Technology news site Recode previously reported Apple is paying about $400 million for Shazam, citing three unidentified people familiar with the deal.
Apple Inc. issued a statement describing Shazam as "natural fit" with its services.
Have you heard the news? Adnan Abidi / Reuters
"We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement," Apple said.
The Cupertino, California, company declined to say whether Shazam's app will still be available after the deal closes.
Some of Shazam's features conceivably could be blended into Apple's music streaming services, which has accumulated more than 27 million subscribers since the company created it in 2015.
Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs as part of a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
The Shazam deal marks Apple's biggest acquisition in music since paying $3 billion for Beats Electronics' line of headphones and music service in 2014.
Digital services have been playing an increasingly important role for Apple as the sales of iPhones — the company's main moneymaker — have slowed. Software and other services generated $30 billion in revenue during Apple's last fiscal year, a 23 percent increase from the previous year.
Shazam was founded in 2002 and made one of the first apps for the iPhone. It has about 250 employees working at its London headquarters and seven other offices in the U.S., Australia and Germany.
Miami Marlins right-hander Tom Koehler discusses his start Monday night against the Mariners, saying he missed on the execution of some pitches and it cost him.
More FOX Sports Florida Videos Goran Dragic says the Heat need to improve ball movement Erik Spoelstra on playoff chase: ‘I love our guys going through this right now' Full Timeout: Miami Heat's Tyler Johnson Rays' Jake Odorizzi vs. Yankees' CC Sabathia on Tuesday Florida Midday Minute: Rays, Magic, Lightning in action Tuesday Mackenzie Weegar on first NHL game: ‘Everybody made me feel really comfortable out there' More FOX Sports Florida Videos
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
Here's hoping we haven't seen the last of Harry and Jack Williams' BBC1 mystery and Detective Julien Baptiste...
Will there be a series three of The Missing?
Advertisement
UPDATE The drama's writers have confirmed that there will be a spin-off of The Missing with Julien Baptiste starring as Tcheky Karyo. Find out more here
Well, the bad news is nothing is confirmed…yet. The good news is that creators Harry and Jack Williams are open to another series if the idea is right.
“I think with the second one, we definitely didn't want to do it in a cynical way,” Harry explained. “It was only when we had that story to tell: we'd done a story about losing someone; now we're going to do a story about finding someone.
“It would have to be very different, it would have to not be cynical, and it would have to be saying something new,” he added. “Never say never.”
Executive producer Willow Grylls agrees: “The one thing we can say for certain is that like series two, it would be very different from series one and two.”
As for the dogged French detective Julien Baptiste, actor Tchéky Karyo is adamant that there is more to come from the character that has made him a UK hit.
“I hope there is still some skeleton in the closet for [series] 1, 2, 3… 4, 5, 6, 7!” he laughs.
“The guy, you know, went through so many stories; I'm sure there are so many things to say,” he added. “There was Hercule Poirot, and today we have Julien Baptiste!”
Advertisement
How could you say no to a pitch like that?
Ever since I was 16 years old, I have identified as a Republican. For years, I have worked for Republican elected officials across the ideological and leadership spectrum. When Republicans talked about the need for a more transparent government that was accountable to the American people — I believed it. When Republicans talked about balancing budgets and living within our means — I supported it. When Republicans talked about adhering to a governing vision outlined in the Constitution and Bill of Rights — I championed it.
I still believe in those things, but the Republican Party does not.
For decades, the Republican Party has marketed itself as the “rule of law” party. From immigration to police brutality, the GOP falls on the side of “law and order.” It is a theme that lies at the very heart of the Republican Party's moral foundation and rhetoric.
And yet, in the case of Roy Moore and this week's Alabama Senate race, morality has been abandoned for political expediency.
How else can you explain the president of the United States calling former U.S. Attorney Doug Jones — a man who successfully prosecuted the Birmingham bombings — “soft on crime?”
What is happening right now in Alabama illustrates everything wrong with the Republican Party and it's a big reason why I've made the personal decision to leave the GOP and join the Democratic Party. The reality is there is no moral compass guiding the Republican Party. There is no leadership or courage.
Killers of bank agent explains why the deceased was killed ( Read full story here )
The Ogun State Police command have arrested 8 suspected killers of a bank agent, identified as Sunday Awodiran,in Ogun State. The deceased was stabbed to death at 9:45 p.m. on May 14, at Lambe junction, Alausa Village, Ifo, Ogun State, after his killers robbed him of N200,000 cash, recharge cards and Automated Teller Machine (ATM) …
The post Killers of bank agent explains why the deceased was killed ( Read full story here ) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If you're looking for a new budget handset, then it's likely you've watched the Moto G6 with great interest since its reveal. Motorola's new addition to the Moto G range is set to take the lower-priced market by storm with a brand-new design, more power, and some of the best value for the money that you're likely to find.
But just because it's a budget phone doesn't mean it should be going out into the world unprotected. A good protective case can reduce the risk of scratching the Moto G6's body, shattering the screen, or inflicting any other sort of damage on it. We've scoured the internet to find some of the best cases to help keep your Moto G6 looking great all the way to your next upgrade and beyond.
Spigen Rugged Armor ($20) We're starting this list off with one of the best phone case manufacturers out there. Spigen‘s Rugged Armor case is one of the most popular cases around, and it's easy to see why. Made from shock-absorbent and flexible TPU, the soft surface provides plenty of grip for your fingers, along with great protection from bumps, drops, scratches, and dings. A raised lip around the edges keeps your display and camera lenses elevated from surfaces, and the carbon fiber-style panels at either end of the back lend a cool, futuristic look. Buy one now from: Spigen
TopAce Clear Case ($8) Sticking a case over the top of your phone isn't for everyone — after all, don't you want to look at the phone you just bought? If you're that sort of person, but you still want some protection for your Moto G6, then a clear case might be for you. This case from TopAce is made from flexible TPU that adds shock absorbency and a soft surface for your fingers to grip. While this thin case won't be as protective as a bulkier case, it should still protect well against scratches and bumps, and will offer some resistance to bigger drops and bangs. It's not a bad little case if you want your phone's beauty to shine through. Buy one now from: Amazon
Dretal Shock Absorbing Magnetic Armor ($9) Looking for a little more protection? Dretal's Magnetic Armor case is made from a combination of rigid polycarbonate plastic (PC) and soft TPU, giving it a hard backbone, as well as adequate shock-absorbency. It's non-slip, thanks to the grain design on the back, and each corner is protected from drops by a rugged tire of TPU and an airbag that helps disperse shock. The sides have tactile button covers that make it easier for you to find the button you need, and an included metal panel means the phone can easily attach to magnetic car holders. This is a good all-around case that's still pretty slim and good-looking. Buy one now from: Amazon
KuGi Anti-Slip Case ($8) What about a little quiet style? KuGi's anti-slip case has a style all its own, thanks to a back panel made of leather-style TPU that gives your phone an air of casual elegance. The leather grain effect also adds a bit of extra grip to the case, as do the angled cuts running down each side. The rest of the case is made from TPU, so you can expect the same drop-resistant and shock-absorbent qualities you'd see from other similar cases, and it even has a place to attach a lanyard for extra safety when you're out and about. Buy one now from: Amazon
Fox Sports' Clay Travis Rips Nike Equality Ad: ‘Nike Doesn't Treat Everybody Equal at All'
Today is a very good day to bash on the ‘equality' garbage that permeates our culture at the moment, and the Fox Sports Radio show “Outkick the Coverage” host Clay Travis does just that. He mocks a new Nike ad that encourages equality “everywhere,” pointing out how “hypocritical” the company is for paying its Indonesian workers 1/76th what American factories do right here.
“Nike is making money hand over fist because they're only paying their workers three dollars a day to make them in Indonesia. If equality is everywhere, doesn't Nike actually have to treat its employees equally? Doesn't Nike have to actually bring its brand to American shores and make this sneaker inside of our borders and actually pay people in America to make a shoe they're asking people to buy?”
“Don't you think it's a little bit hypocritical for Nike to say that equality is everywhere when it's paying workers overseas 1/76th of what they would have to pay for an American to make this?”
Travis took it even further and labeled what Nike does with its Indonesian employees as “Indonesian virtual slave labor. I guess everybody's equal and there are no boundaries as long as you don't live in Indonesia.”
Hypocrisy is everywhere, but it is exemplified by the left. Big business is fine. But once big business gets into politics, it never turns out well for them. What Nike has done is shown itself to be a major hypocrite – and they exposed that hypocrisy in one of their own ads! Now that is just sad.
But will this matter? No. Folks are still going to buy their products, because let's face it – they have some great products. There is no reason to be angry with Nike. Just realize that they are trying to jump on the activist band wagon that has plagued 2015, 2016, and now 2017.
All in all, they don't care about equality…They're just trying to sell more products.
Access to diagnosis, key to malaria treatment— Prof Wellington Oyibo
By Chioma Obinna
WITH Nigeria and the Democratic Republic of Congo ranking highest among malaria endemic countries in Africa, a professor of Medical Parasitology, Prof. Wellington Oyibo, has called for immediate democratisation of malaria diagnosis across the country.
Making the advocacy call in his inaugural lecture entitled: “Parasitus Facultas Et Humanum Intelligentia: The Footprints of a Medical Parasitologist in the Neglected Tropical Parasitic Diseases, NTDs, and Malaria Landscape”, Oyibo, who is Director, Research and Innovation, University of Lagos, said democratising malaria diagnosis would ensure availability and performance of a user-friendly malaria test made for the people, used by the people, and useful to the people.
Need for access
“The need to urgently escalate access to malaria testing to the communities, including the informal private sector through the private propriety Medicine Vendor, PPMVs, or Medicine Retailers who attend to over 60 percent of patients with fever is critical in attaining the malaria case management target that has the objective of ensuring that malaria test is conducted for 80 to 100 per cent of patients suspected to have malaria by 2018 and 2020.”
Oyibo stated: “Access to malaria diagnosis targeted around ease-of-use for the people will promote malaria testing and appropriate management of the conditions.
“Again, in democratising malaria diagnosis, tests that would not require invasive procedures in blood collection are likely to promote testing. Also with expanded access to malaria testing before treatment in line with paradigm shift, the use of clinical criteria would no longer be practiced.”
On laboratory –based malaria diagnosis, Oyibo explained that given the poor capacity of malaria microscopists, there are possibilities of them providing false positive malaria test results.
“Clinical diagnosis of malaria based on symptoms is not specific thereby resulting to over-diagnosis and overtreatment of malaria. One of our studies in 2013 showed 80 per cent over-diagnosis/treatment in children less than 12 years old that presented with fever in Lagos.
We again recorded a 90 percent malaria overtreatment among clients, 20 years and above who purchased ACTs from medicine retailers in six states of the country.”
He called for mandatory malaria rapid test according to WHO and National policy before treating malaria.
While recommending Malaria RDTs for diagnosis, he pointed out that malaria is a disease of public health concern in Nigeria; hence, effective case management requires early diagnosis and prompt treatment.
Further, he lamented the poor acceptance of interventions especially new technologies for malaria diagnosis, adding that the mindset of healthcare providers and the patients on malaria RDTs' performance and its outcome was a challenge in expanding access to malaria testing despite its proven performance.
“Promotion of prior testing before treatment should be escalated so that savings from excessive use of medicines from government and organisations procurements could be used to strengthen diagnostic facilities. There is need for private sector organisations to come onboard to support current elimination and pre-elimination plans for NTDs and malaria.”
On the implications of current status of malaria in Nigeria and Lagos, Oyibo said although, the data on the status of malaria in Nigeria showed that the country is in the control phase with slide positivity of 27 percent; he said there is need for the country to work harder at getting prevalence down to attain the pre-elimination phase.
He said nationally, malaria prevalence is higher in the Northern states than in the South, making the North reservoir of the parasites.
The post Access to diagnosis, key to malaria treatment— Prof Wellington Oyibo appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Saudi Arabia's hawkish young crown prince has made it clear that his patience is wearing thin. He has accused Iran of waging proxy wars across the Arab world, through Shiite groups in Yemen, Syria, Lebanon and Bahrain. In an interview with CBS' “60 Minutes," he repeated his assertion that Ayatollah Khamenei is the Middle East's “Hitler” and must be stopped before it's too late.
"Saudi Arabia does not want to acquire any nuclear bomb,” bin Salman said in the interview, which aired Sunday. “But without a doubt, if Iran developed a nuclear bomb, we will follow suit as soon as possible."
Energy Secretary Rick Perry traveled last month to London to discuss a deal that would allow the U.S. to sell nuclear reactors to Saudi Arabia. The discussions addressed so-called 123 agreements under the Atomic Energy Act, which contain a set of nonproliferation conditions on how the partner country maintains U.S.-obligated items.
The agreements include conditions that require assurances of peaceful use and prohibitions on uranium enrichment and reprocessing of spent fuel.
Saudi Arabia is currently one of three countries with which the U.S. is negotiating a 123 agreement, but the kingdom has long been reluctant, insisting that uranium enrichment is a matter of national sovereignty. While relations between Saudi Arabia and Israel have improved in recent years, Israel has made clear it doesn't want to see Riyadh retain a right to enrich or reprocess uranium.
“[MBS] may try to buy the reactors elsewhere, which won't particularly help him because the U.S. will probably use its influence to make sure that wherever he goes, he doesn't get enrichment or reprocessing capabilities,” said Simon Henderson, the Baker fellow and director of the gulf and energy policy program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.
Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner, whose budding friendship with bin Salman was seen as key to warmer U.S.-Saudi ties, is facing problems of his own, including troubles with his security clearance to questions and loans involving his family business.
Kushner traveled to Riyadh last fall and discussed his efforts to broker an agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians with bin Salman.
Some weeks later, Saudi Arabia publicly condemned a decision by the Trump administration to recognize Jerusalem, one of the holiest cities in Judaism, Islam and Christianity, as Israel's official capital. Saudi officials say that they continue to pressure the administration to back down on plans to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, but Trump said this month that those plans are on track and a small version of the embassy will open this summer.
The Saudi crown prince is not scheduled to hold a news conference or issue a public statement when he visits the White House this week. Officials described the stop in Washington as more of a courtesy call before he embarks on a tour that includes meetings with American leaders in energy, technology and cinema. The 32-year-old crown prince is seeking opportunities to help translate his proposed reforms into realities, including advancements in public health and investments in the tech and film industries.
The St. Joseph girls basketball team lost to Pomperaug High, 58-36, in the season opener for both schools in Southbury on Monday night.
Elena Ball had 10 rebounds and three blocks for the Cadets, who trailed 12-9 after one quarter and 27-14 at the half.
Kaitlin Capobianco had five steals and four assists.
Pomperaug's Karli Opalka scored 16 points to pass the 1,000-point mark for her career.
St Joseph 0-1
Veronica Lubas 0 3-3 3 Elizabeth Adzima 0 1-2 1 Kathryn Zito 1 3-4 5 Kaitlin Capobianco 1 0-0 2. Tessie Hynes 2 1-3 6 Sarah Johnson 0 1-2 1 MacKenna Hedman 0 0-0 0 Rahmia Johnston 2 0-0 4 Becca Kery 2 0-0 4 Allison Krakowska 0 0-0 0 Elena Ball 3 1-3 8 Maddie Johnson 1 0-2 2 Emma Elrod 0 0-2 0
Totals – 12 10-21 36
Pomperaug 1-0
Kelly Powers 1 0-0 2 Lindsey Oulette 1 0-0 3 Karli Opalka 8 0-2 16 Molly Flanagan 0 0-0 0 Megan Todhunter 2 1-4 6 Claudine Legato 2 3-4 9 Allison McCormick 2 1-2 5 Maggie Lee 2 1-2 5 Maddie Villa 5 2-3 12
Totals – 23 8-17 56
St Joseph – 9 5 7 15 – 36
Pomperaug – 12 15 23 8 – 58
3 pt FG
St Joseph – Tessie Hynes – 1, Elena Ball -1
Pomperaug – Legato – 2, Oulette – 1, Todhunter – 1
ZAGREB, Croatia — Croatia's state television says one man died as heavy rains and strong winds slammed the country, also flooding some roads.
The report says that the man died Monday in northwestern Croatia when his ladder was knocked down by the wind as he was trying to repair damage to his house caused by the weather.
Torrential rains have also caused rivers to swell in the area and flood roads.
In neighbouring Slovenia, about 1,000 people have been left without power near the capital, Ljubljana, and houses and roads have been flooded along the Adriatic coast.
In some areas, emergency services sounded sirens to warn people about the dangers of trees falling due to strong winds.
More rain is expected in the next two days.
It won't be long before The Durrells is back on our TV screens: our favourite Corfu-based dysfunctional family returns to ITV on Sunday 18th March at 8pm.
Advertisement
So what have we got in store? “More of the usual, just sort of monkeying around in Corfu having a blast,” Leslie Durrell actor Callum Woodhouse told us at the Radio Times Covers Party. “It's just a really fun series and it carries on being fun. But with a few emotional moments along the way as well.”
He adds: “There's a lot of exciting stuff for Leslie going on. He starts the series, basically he's a bit of a casanova. And has a bit of a journey of self-discovery through the series.”
And there will be romance for Margo Durrell too, says Daisy Waterstone: “Margo's going out with Zoltan in this series, who comes at the end of series two and I think it's Margo's first love.”
When was the third series of The Durrells announced?
Speaking at the BFI & Radio Times Television Festival in 2017 as he premiered series two, Simon Nye revealed that this would not be Keeley Hawes' last outing as widowed single mother Louisa Durrell.
Addressing the old adage “never work with children and animals,” he told the audience: “They got some exotic new – that's series three, some exotic new animals.”
Nye had let the proverbial cat out of the bag. Kirsty Lang, who hosted the session with Hawes as well as executive producers Lee Morris and Sally Woodward Gentle, asked: “You mentioned series three. It hasn't actually been announced. Is there going to be a series three?”
Nye confirmed that the script was written and production was about to start, with Hawes due to fly out to Corfu in three weeks' time to continue the adventures of the Durrell family.
Advertisement
The Durrells airs on Sundays at 8pm on ITV. It airs in the US as “The Durrells in Corfu” on PBS Masterpiece.
The United Nations says nearly half a million civilians have fled Mosul since U.S.-backed Iraqi forces launched a wide-scale military operation last October to retake the city from Islamic State militants.
The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said Monday that 493,000 people have been displaced from the city. As many as 500,000 others are in ISIS-controlled parts of western Mosul, where fighting is still underway.
Related stories…
The U.N. says food, water and medicine stocks are running low in the western half of the city, and that the fighting there is much heavier than it was in eastern Mosul, which the Iraqi government declared “fully liberated” in January.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
MEXICO CITY — Mexico's foreign relations secretary said Friday that it might come as a surprise but his country's relationship with the United States today is “more fluid” and “closer” than it was with previous U.S. administrations.
Mexico has had well-publicized disagreements with President Donald Trump during the past year over trade, immigration and payment for a proposed border wall. But Foreign Relations Secretary Luis Videgaray said that “with the Trump administration, we're committed to having a very close communication and that has proven to be a tremendous benefit for the relationship.”
“It might be surprising to some people, but that's a fact of life,” Videgaray said at a joint news conference in Mexico with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland. The three countries are currently renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Tillerson's stop in Mexico kicked off a six-day Latin America trip that will also take him to Panama, Argentina, Peru, Colombia and Jamaica. He was greeted in Mexico City by a handful of protesters holding up signs reading “Dreamers, Trump's hostages,” and “We are workers, not terrorists, not criminals.”
The three spoke about security concerns, especially the trafficking in opiates and synthetic opiates like fentanyl that have caused a wave of overdose deaths.
“Given the deadly nature of the opioid crisis, we must do more to attack the business model of those who traffic drugs and guns,” said Tillerson.
Asked about reports of Russian meddling in Mexico's July 1 presidential elections, Tillerson said “we know that Russia has fingerprints on elections around the world … my advice to Mexico would be to pay attention.”
The three officials said they also discussed the political and economic crisis in Venezuela and its government's decision to push up presidential elections to April under conditions that opponents say overwhelmingly favour President Nicolas Maduro, who is so far the only candidate.
“We shared our concerns for the humanitarian crisis that has unfolded in Venezuela,” Tillerson said. “We all urge the Maduro regime to return to free, open credible, democratic elections.”
Videgaray was quick to note that Mexico has limits on how far it will go in pressuring Venezuela.
“Mexico will in no case support any option that implies violence,” Videgaray said.
Tillerson said the United States wants to see a “peaceful transition.”
“If President Maduro would return to the Venezuelan constitution, restore the duly elected assembly, dismantle the illegitimate constituent assembly and return to free and fair elections, then he's happy to stay and run in the free and fair elections,” Tillerson said. “If he wants to step aside and let someone else run in them, that's fine.”
Venezuelan officials condemned Tillerson's remarks earlier Thursday at the University of Texas. Tillerson said that throughout the course of Latin America's history it has often been the military which has stepped in to “manage a peaceful transition.”
That stung the Venezuelan government, whose soldiers have reportedly been going hungry like much of the rest of the population.
Venezuelan Defence Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez went on state television Friday, flanked by a half-dozen military officers in uniform, to denounce Tillerson's comments. He said Venezuela's military is united and would never succumb to the influence of a foreign power.
“You don't know what you are doing,” he said. “I invite you to correct yourself.”
Venezuelan officials accused Tillerson of using his current trip to increase pressure on governments around the region to join the U.S. in “a perverse plan of aggressions against Venezuela.”
——
AP writer Christine Armario contributed to this report from Bogota, Colombia
Georges St-Pierre doesn't seem all that concerned about Michael Bisping's ultimatum.
Just recently, Bisping expressed his anger over the continued delays in putting together the fight with St-Pierre, which was first rumored for UFC 213 in July but now appears won't happen until sometime in the fall.
Bisping stated that if St-Pierre wasn't ready to fight in the summer that he would move onto No. 1 ranked contender Yoel Romero rather than sitting around and waiting for the former welterweight champion to get ready.
“If he wants to wait until September or October then he can go find himself another opponent, buddy. Because I call the shots,” Bisping said. “Without sounding like an [expletive], it's my belt I'm the champion and I'm not willing to sit around until September or October. This fight was discussed in January. A fight camp only takes eight weeks or six weeks. Fighting in September or October is ridiculous.”
St-Pierre heard what Bisping had to say but he's just not buying it because he knows the outspoken Brit wants this fight for any number of reasons including the massive payday he'll earn.
“I think he's lying,” St-Pierre told RT Sport. “I know he wants to fight me and I want to fight him. This fight's going to give him more money. It comes down to his decision but if he wants to do it, I'm down to do it. That's who I'm getting ready for.
“If things change, I'm going to have to turn around and do a quick turn around but no problem, I can do it, but he's the man, the one that has the belt. For me, he's the highest stock right now and I always aim for the higher guy.”
As far as the delays go, St-Pierre says part of the reason revolves around entering back into the drug testing pool as part of the UFC's anti-doping policy. Fighters returning from retirement or an extended layoff were required to undergo four months of drug testing once re-entering the pool administered by USADA (United States Anti-Doping Agency).
Josh Hedges/Zuffa LLC/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images
Those rules just recently changed on April 1 where returning fighters are now required to undergo six months of drug testing before gaining clearance to compete. Now it's likely St-Pierre fell into the former category considering his fight with Bisping was announced well ahead of the April 1 change and according to USADA records, he has been drug tested once since re-entering the pool this year.
St-Pierre says that timeline along with some other outside factors made him push back the fight from the proposed summer date on July 8.
“There's no date yet because we have to go through a lot of process with USADA (United States Anti-Doping Agency) with the anti-doping thing, so before we're cleared to fight we have to go through that process and some other stuff going on. Soon we should have a date,” St-Pierre said.
As far as a timeline goes, St-Pierre could only speculate based on the current information available to him.
“I think it will be after the summer,” St-Pierre stated.
The extra time off will certainly be used advantageously as St-Pierre continues to pack on the pounds as he gets ready for his first fight outside of the welterweight division since joining the UFC roster in 2004.
St-Pierre says he's adding additional weight now so the move to 185-pounds won't be such a dramatic difference but even if he's giving up size and power to Bisping, the result will still be the same in the end.
“It doesn't matter that he's taller and bigger than me,” St-Pierre said. “The only difference that it's going to make is when he hits the floor it's going to make a bigger boom.”
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him Pause
1:52 Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins' loss against the Patriots
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
Speech recognition is one of the most powerful aspects of many Google products, particularly in the Google app where both Voice Search and the Assistant rely heavily on being able to understand what we're saying. The same is true of Gboard, which is capable of typing up entire messages based on what you dictate to it. We may take it for granted somewhat these days, but it truly is a marvel. Now, this feature can now be enjoyed by many more around the globe as Google has added support for 30 further languages.
Google has vowed to make the internet more inclusive, and these efforts are just one part of that. The update adds ancient languages such as Georgian, with its 10th-century alphabet, and two of Africa's most spoken languages, Swahili and Amharic. Also included are numerous Indian language variants. Google has worked with native speakers to collect the voice samples necessary to train its machine learning models, which are now capable of processing the additional languages. You can see the full list of what's new below.
New Languages Amharic (Ethiopia)
Armenian (Armenia)
Azerbaijani (Azerbaijani)
Bengali (Bangladesh, India)
English (Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Tanzania)
Georgian (Georgia)
Gujarati (India)
Javanese (Indonesia)
Kannada (India)
Khmer (Cambodian)
Lao (Laos)
Latvian (Latvia)
Malayalam (India)
Marathi (India)
Nepali (Nepal)
Sinhala (Sri Lanka)
Sundanese (Indonesia)
Swahili (Tanzania, Kenya)
Tamil (India, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Malaysia)
Telugu (India)
Urdu (Pakistan, India)
Other Google products will also be able to draw on these new additions soon, and they're already available in the Cloud Speech API.
In US English, it's been possible to search for emoji in Gboard by text or drawing, and now Google is introducing the ability to search for them by voice. Saying "grinning face emoji" should bring up the emoji you're looking for, or a range of similar ones if your query is a bit ambiguous. Don't worry, this feature will also be coming to other languages in the near future, just in case any of you are dying to use it.
Anthony Joshua's heavyweight title defense against longtime champion Wladimir Klitschko will be broadcast on both Showtime and HBO in the United States.
The two premium cable networks worked out an unusual agreement to televise the April 29 fight from London, with Showtime airing the fight live and HBO doing it later in the evening on a delayed broadcast.
Both networks will use their own announcers for the bout.
Joshua, the British 2012 Olympic gold medalist, has fought exclusively for Showtime, while Klitschko has long had a deal with HBO for his fights.
The fight, which is expected to draw 90,000 to Wembley Stadium, features an undefeated champion in the big-hitting Joshua (18-0, 18 KOs) against Klitschko (64-4, 53 KOs), the long-running champion who lost his titles to Tyson Fury in his last fight in 2015.
LONDON — Russia is to expel 23 British diplomats as tensions between the two countries continue to escalate after a nerve weapon was used in the attempted assassination of a former double agent on U.K. soil.
Russia said it would also withdraw permission for Britain to open a general consulate in St Petersburg and would close the British Council, an international organization for cultural relations and educational opportunities, in Russia.
The announcement comes three days after British Prime Minister Theresa May's decision to kick out 23 Russian diplomats allegedly operating as undeclared intelligence officers in Britain. The expulsions — the largest in three decades — "will fundamentally degrade Russian intelligence capabilities in the U.K. for years to come," May said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Russia expels British diplomats amid growing tension after former spy poisoning 1:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On Saturday, during a speech delivered to the Conservative Party Spring Forum in London, May said the U.K. takes no issue with the Russian people but threats to the lives of British citizens would not be tolerated.
She said that the British ambassador to Moscow had been informed by the Russian government of the measures Russia is taking in response to "the suspension of all planned high-level contact between the UK and the Russian Federation."
"In light of their previous behavior, we anticipated a response of this kind and we will consider our next steps in the coming days, alongside our allies and partners," May said. "But Russia's response doesn't change the facts of the matter. The attempted assassination of two people on British soil, for which there is no alternative conclusion other than that the Russian state was culpable. It is Russia that is in flagrant breach of international law and the Chemical Weapons Convention."
The Russian measures against Britain are the latest development in a standoff between the two countries over the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter in the English town of Salisbury last week, which has seen diplomatic relations reach a post-Cold War low.
Addressing the U.K. parliament on Wednesday, May laid the blame for the attempted murders squarely at Russia's door.
"There is no alternative conclusion other than that the Russian State was culpable for the attempted murder of Mr. Skripal and his daughter — and for threatening the lives of other British citizens in Salisbury," she said.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement that the expulsions were in response to "the provocative actions of the British side and the unsubstantiated accusations against the Russian Federation in connection with the incident in Salisbury."
The ministry warned that it reserves the right to take other measures against Britain in the event of further hostile steps from London.
The British Ambassador Laurie Bristow, who had been summoned to the foreign ministry Saturday, said he had been informed of the retaliatory measures.
On leaving the meeting, he told reporters that the use of the chemical agent was not only an attack on the U.K., but on "the international world's base system on which all countries including Russia depend for their safety and security."
The ambassador said that Britain had given Russia the opportunity to explain how a chemical weapon developed in their country was used on U.K. soil and to declare the material to the Organisation for Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, but that Russia had done neither.
"This crisis has arisen as a result of an appalling attack on the United Kingdom," he said. "We will always do what is necessary to defend ourselves, our allies and our values against an attack of this sort," he added.
Specialist officers in protective suits secure the police forensic tent that had been blown over by the wind and is covering the bench where Sergei Skripal was found critically ill, March 7, 2018. Matt Cardy / Getty Images
A spokesperson for the British Foreign Office said Saturday that the onus remained on Russia to account for its actions and to comply with international obligations.
“In light of Russia's previous behaviour, we anticipated a response of this kind and the National Security Council will meet early next week to consider next steps," the spokesperson said.
"Russia's response doesn't change the facts," the spokesperson said. "It is Russia that is in flagrant breach of international law and the Chemical Weapons Convention."
Speaking later on Saturday May said Britain would consider its next steps alongside its allies in the coming days.
"We will never tolerate a threat to the life of British citizens and others on British soil from the Russian Government. We can be reassured by the strong support we have received from our friends and allies around the world," May said.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said Friday that it was overwhelmingly likely that Russian President Vladimir Putin himself had made the decision to use the nerve toxin on U.K. soil.
"We have nothing against the Russians themselves. There is to be no Russophobia as a result of what is happening," Johnson told reporters.
"Our quarrel is with Putin's Kremlin, and with his decision — and we think it overwhelmingly likely that it was his decision — to direct the use of a nerve agent on the streets of the UK, on the streets of Europe for the first time since the Second World War," he said.
Russia has denied any involvement and said it was not responding to May's earlier ultimatum until it received samples of the military-grade nerve agent Novichok, which British investigators say was used in the attack.
The Russian Embassy in London said the expulsion of diplomats was “totally unacceptable, unjustified and shortsighted.”
“All the responsibility for the deterioration of the Russia-U.K. relationship lies with the current political leadership of Britain,” it said in a statement earlier this week.
The expulsions came a day after British police launched a murder investigation after an autopsy revealed that a Russian exile who was critical of Putin was strangled in his home.
Nikolay Glushkov, whose body was found Monday, died as a result of “compression to the neck,” London's Metropolitan Police said in a statement.
Uk: fire engulfs London tower block
Fire engulfed a 24-storey block of flats in central London on Wednesday, killing some people, injuring at least 50 more and trapping some residents asleep inside the towering inferno.
Flames licked up the sides of the block in the north Kensington area as 200 firefighters, backed up by 40 fire engines and fought the blaze for hours.
Plumes of black and grey smoke billowed high into the air over the British capital hours after the blaze broke out at the Grenfell Tower where several hundred people live.
Residents rushed to escape through smoke-filled corridors in the housing block after being woken up by the smell of burning. Some said no fire alarm sounded.
Witnesses said they saw trapped residents desperately shouting for help from windows on upper floors as flames enveloped the building.
London Fire Brigade said the fire engulfed all floors from the second to the top of the block which contained 130 apartments.
“In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never ever seen anything of this scale,” London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton told reporters
“I am very sad to confirm that there have been a number of fatalities, I cannot confirm the number at this time due to the size and complexity of this building.”
MORE THAN 50 TAKEN TO HOSPITAL
London Ambulance Service said more than 50 people had been taken to hospital. A witness told Reuters she feared not all the residents had escaped the fire. Some were evacuated in their pyjamas.
“I looked through the spy hole and I could see smoke everywhere and the neighbours are all there. There's a fireman shouting ‘get down the stairs',” one of the block's residents, Michael Paramasivan, told BBC radio. “It was an inferno.”
“As we went past the fourth floor it was completely thick black smoke. As we've gone outside I'm looking up at the block and it was just going up. It was like pyrotechnics. It was just unbelievable how quick it was burning.”
The cause of the fire, which broke out just before 1 a.m. (0000 GMT), was not known, the Fire Brigade said.
Residents said repairs had been made recently to the exterior of the block.
Ash Sha, 30, who witnessed the fire and has an aunt in the building who managed to escape from the second floor, said the local council had renovated the tower.
“One year ago the council renovated the building both externally and internally,” Sha said.
“They cladded the outside and insulated the inside. The insulated material is very similar to sponge so it crumbles in your hand. This was just done to tart it up and match the nearby building.”
The local council of Kensington and Chelsea, which owns the block, said its focus was on supporting the rescue and relief operation. It said the causes of the fire would be fully investigated.
The post Uk: fire engulfs London tower block appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nigerians Are Hungry and Angry, Their Elders Are Silent – Cardinal Okogie
Former President of the Christian Association of Nigeria, Anthony Cardinal Okogie, has dismissed the federal system of government being practised in Nigeria as not serving the people.
The former Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, in a statement titled, ‘Deprivation and Agitation: A Reflection on Nigeria's Late 2017 Budget,' decried the poor state of livelihood of Nigerians.
He said every aspect of life in the country was in “downward motion.”
Okogie said, “Some people do not want to hear of restructuring. However, for how long shall we fail to see the urgent need for far-reaching constitutional reforms in this country? The current arrangement is not serving Nigerians. The relationship between the government and the citizens places the citizen at gross disadvantage and the politicians at an undue advantage.
“Our young people are the worst hit. They are unemployed, hungry and angry. They are venting their anger on one another while we, their elders, are silent. Could it be that some of us, their elders, are stoking the embers of violent disintegration?”
The retired bishop stated that the level of poverty in the country was not acceptable. He charged Nigerians to question those who managed the resources of the country.
He said, “To say that the quality of life of the average Nigerian is low is to state the obvious. Whether one talks of education, medical service delivery, security or the economy, every aspect of our life in this country is in downward motion. The extent of poverty experienced by our people is simply unacceptable.
“This country has more than enough resources to make life livable. If there is so much discomfort, we must interrogate those who manage the affairs of our country. Why is it that the government – federal, state and local – has failed Nigerians?”
The vocal cleric said Nigerians witness the ritual of budget presentation to the National Assembly by the President every year.
He recalled that the 2017 budget was presented to the legislature in the twilight of the 2016 and was just passed on May 14, 2017, which was “more than five months into the year and close to six months after it was presented.”
He said, “For a country that should be in a hurry to exit the Destitution Avenue, this is simply unacceptable. It is another instance of failure of governance. Failure of governance is when government fails to serve the people. Nigerians should be worried about the way the budgetary process runs in this country.
“In the period when the budget has yet to be passed, how is government carrying out its functions? Who is accountable to who when it comes to how money is spent? Does this reflect a country that really wishes to put an end to corruption? But while there was delay in passing the budget, there is an early bird approach to the politics of 2019. The budget was not passed but politicians were positioning themselves for the 2019 presidential elections.”
The cardinal added, “Now, deprivation has turned into agitation. In the absence of a budget, the economic conditions in which we live continue to bite. Nigerians are hungry and angry. In their anger, they turn against each other on the social media, using unprintable language, threats and violence to sort out their differences. Young Igbo insult the Yoruba, young Yoruba insult the Igbo, the North and the South have suddenly realised that they cannot live together.
“In all this, instead of facing their common enemy – politicians who abuse their offices and steal the wealth of the land, thus depriving us of decent living – young Nigerians tear each other apart in a society where civil discourse has become an unwanted alien.
“We have said it before that we live in clear and present danger. We said it when herdsmen went on the rampage and arms were being brought into Nigeria by ‘ghost importers.' Now, we should ask ourselves: is there a correlation between illegal importation of arms into Nigeria and the drumbeats and dance steps of war we are currently witnessing?”
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Nigerians Are Hungry and Angry, Their Elders Are Silent – Cardinal Okogie appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Joey Serlin, the lead guitarist and co-songwriter for The Watchmen, discussed the Toronto-based band's past, present and future in anticipation of their performance at Whitecourt's Party in the Park on June 17.
He said Whitecourt and area fans can expect “a full out, all in, 110 per cent live show” with “a lot of sweat” at their headlining set.
The band — best known for ‘90s alternative rock hits “Stereo” and “Boneyard Tree” — has been focusing on its live act since 2010, when they reunited after a seven-year break, said Serlin.
They're currently promoting their first full-length live album, “Live and in Stereo,” which was released in April 2017.
“For the last 10 years or so, the band's main focus has been playing live. We've been doing some pretty special shows, particularly in Winnipeg, and we captured one of those concerts at the Burton Cummings Theatre. It just felt like the right thing to do to round out the body of work,” Serlin said.
The group — composed of Serlin, vocalist Daniel Grieves, bassist Ken Tizzard and drummer Sammy Kohn — originally hails from Winnipeg. They slowly made their way across the Prairies, he added.
“We took our career as far as we could locally (in Winnipeg) and slowly started to branch out. We actually made our way out west first, slowly adding, Saskatoon and Regina and Alberta and slowly started making our way to B.C.,” said Serlin.
Their agent since the beginning of their career, Ralph James, re-located to Toronto and started booking the band shows there, he said.
“Once we started to come to Toronto for a month or two at a time, build a following out east and build relationships in the industry, that's what lead to a management deal and record deal,” Serlin explained.
He said the band took an experimental turn — getting into electronic arrangements — after their success in the ‘90s, which he said may have turned some old fans away.
“I don't think our following was necessarily ready for it,” he said, adding that their parting ways with their drummer was another factor that changed their sound.
“I don't think it quite had the natural chemistry. There was a little something lacking in the music. The songs were there, but the way they were captured and recorded weren't the same as in the past,” said Serlin. “It was still an exciting process at the time.”
The band broke up in 2003, due to personal and creative tensions.
“I just kind of felt stale, writing felt forced. Myself, as one of the principle songwriters at the time, didn't feel like I had much going creatively. I don't think we were inspired by each other,” said Serlin.
After many reunion offers, they agreed to play together again in 2010 over a beer.
“A few members hadn't spoken to each other in that time. It took some growing up and some maturity before we could reconnect,” he explained.
“We managed to bury some resentments and some hard feelings and the music felt really good,” Serlin said. “We reunited in a really organic way.”
He said he looks fondly on the band's past concerts in Alberta and that the Party in the Park show should be no different.
“We've always had a lot of great shows in Alberta, especially playing outside in the summertime, so it should be a great time,” said Serlin.
jappel@postmedia.com
Twitter: @jerapp3
HOUSTON — The road hasn't been kind to Army in two tries so far this season. Coach Jeff Monken is intent on changing that.
“We'd like to win a road game. We haven't done that this year,” Monken said. “I talked to the guys about that.”
The Black Knights (3-2) have won all three of their games at home, including a comeback 35-21 victory last week over winless UTEP on a windswept day at Michie Stadium. Next up is Rice (1-4), which is coming off a 42-10 loss at Pittsburgh .
The Panthers did what the Owls have become accustomed to, scoring on their first three possessions to quickly take control of the game. Rice registered only 14 first downs and was forced to punt seven times as Pitt held the ball for nearly 10 minutes longer.
“We only had two three-and-outs on the day, but a lot of our issues have been self-inflicted wounds,” Rice coach David Bailiff said. “It's a receiver with a procedure penalty. That's focus. It's a running back on the wrong side of the quarterback. That's focus issues. We have to continue to work on focusing during the tough times. You can't have those times of breakdowns that are self-inflicted.”
Army's triple option continues to purr behind senior quarterback Ahmad Bradshaw and its hard-running fullbacks. The Black Knights rank third nationally in rushing, averaging 363.6 yards and 6.2 per carry. The latter figure is tops among the three service academies.
“They're relentless offensively,” Bailiff said. “They're averaging 33 minutes a game (possession time). So our offence, when we have the ball, has got to score points because you don't have the ball a lot.”
Other things to know when Army visits Rice on Saturday:
SPUTTERING OWLS
Rice has scored more than one touchdown just once this season and has been unable to execute the ball-control style Bailiff strives for and Army thrives on. The Owls have been outscored 59-3 in the first quarter and 55-14 in the second. Against Pitt, Rice QB Jackson Tyner hit Austin Walter for a 70-yard touchdown. Take away that score and Tyner finished 14 of 31 for 152 yards with three interceptions.
“If you watch us, if we catch the ball for 10 yards, we're tackled at 10 yards,” Bailiff said. “It's the same with the running backs. We're not getting a lot of yards after contact. We've got to start getting those. We've got to pick up those yards that everybody in the country is getting.”
SECRET WEAPON
Army failed to complete a pass in two of its first four games, but things have suddenly changed for the better. Bradshaw completed 3 of 5 throws for 80 yards against UTEP, including a 42-yard TD to Jordan Asberry. It was Bradshaw's first scoring pass of the season.
FULLBACKS GALORE
Army's array of fullbacks includes Darnell Woolfolk, Andy Davidson, Calen Holt, and Connor Slomka, and they, along with Bradshaw, make the triple option go. Woolfolk is the starter, but he sat out the past two games with an injury and won't play Saturday. Davidson, Holt and Slomka have picked up the slack. Each scored against UTEP and they have combined to rush for 596 yards on 103 carries, an average of 5.8 yards a carry.
IBE'S TIME
Rice cornerback J.T. Ibe had 13 tackles against Pitt and also forced and recovered a goal-line fumble. The redshirt junior leads the Owls with 24 solo tackles and is second overall in tackles with 30.
“He is playing really, really special football right now,” Bailiff said. “I'm really thrilled with how he is progressing.”
OWLS RULE
This will be the eighth meeting all-time between the teams, and Rice leads the series 5-2. Army won the first meeting, 14-7, in 1958, the last time the Black Knights finished undefeated. Army broke a five-game slide in the series last year with a 31-14 victory at Michie Stadium.
——
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
President Donald Trump entertained the idea of negotiating a new deal to block Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons Tuesday during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron."There is a chance, and nobody what Ibeing going to do on the 12th, although Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea, but we'll see," President Trump said, apparently teasing forward to an upcoming deadline as it relates to the United States' continued participation in the deal. "But we'll see also if I do what some people expect, whether or not it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations, because this is a deal with decayed foundations."The president further reiterated his belief that the current Iran nuclear deal , negotiated during the Obama administration, is a "bad deal" that is "falling down" and should have "never have been made."Trump also issued a direct warning against Iran: "If Iran threatens us if any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid."But even as the president suggested an openness to exploring a new Iran deal, he also hedged that such a deal may not come to fruition."I think we will have a shot to be a much bigger deal, maybe not deal, but we'll know fairly soon," Trump said.While President Trump stopped short of directly committing to the possibility of pursuing a new deal, President Macron made clear that he desires to pursue a new agreement, which Macron agreed is not sufficient to restraining Iran long term."It's not a mystery, we did not have the same starting positions," said Macron. "I can say that we've had very frank discussion on that, just the two of us. You consider that the Iranian deal, the JCPOA, the one negotiated in 2015 with Iran is a bad deal. For a number of months I've been saying that this was not a sufficient deal but that it enabled us at least until 2025 to have some control over their nuclear activities. We, therefore, wish to work on a new deal with Iran."Macron outlined his main interests in continuing to block Iran's nuclear development through 2025, something the current deal already does, while working to ensure that objectives are carried out long-term, and also end ballistic activities in the region."France is not naive when it comes to Iran," said Macron. "But we do not repeat the mistakes of the past."
Senior House Democrats are extolling the benefits of President Barack Obama's health care law in hopes of derailing Republican plans to gut the statute.
Continue Reading Below
Speaking to reporters Monday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says the GOP will begin its “assault” on the law when the 115th Congress convenes Tuesday.
She says abolishing so-called Obamacare as Republicans have promised will force people to pay more for their health insurance while getting much less coverage than they receive through the law. She says undoing the law also will undermine Medicaid and Medicare.
Pelosi is urging people to “take a second look” at how the law has improved their lives.
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer says many people who voted for President-elect Donald Trump want the health care law preserved.
Today IKEA has announced that its IKEA Place augmented reality app, previously exclusive to iOS, is now available for Android. With it, prospective furniture customers can see if a given IKEA product will be a good fit—in every sense. From relative sizes to aesthetic comparisons, you can choose just the right side table, lamp, or shelf to fit your particular niche, and even search for your existing IKEA furniture in the app.
IKEA Place is free, but it does have limited hardware compatibility. Since it uses ARCore, you'll need a compatible device like a Pixel, LG V30, or Galaxy S7 (or newer).
The app provides "true-to-scale" 3D models for a wide variety of the company's products, allowing you to see what they'd look like in your home before purchasing them. So whether you're just checking to see if a specific lamp will look good next to your existing furniture, or if you're apartment hunting with furniture placement in mind, either way, the app can help.
To coincide with the Android launch, IKEA is also teaming up with a lifestyle blogger for a "furnishing game" series called Matchers Keepers.
Personally, I think it's one part Black Mirror and three parts extended cringe, but presumably there are people out there that dig this sort of thing. IKEA has even included instructions for those of you that want to play at home (for some reason):
Download IKEA Place onto your phone and the phone of your partner. Select a space that's in need of some home furnishing. Put thirty seconds on a clock, then begin! Search for and Place what you think looks best in the space. Time's up! Share what you've selected with your partner. If it's a match, keep your partner! If it's not a match, keep your partner and talk about what you have placed. Then play the game again!
Hands-on with IKEA Place
But how well does IKEA Place actually work? We were given advance access to the app for a quick hands-on over the weekend, and I was generally impressed with it on my Pixel 2 XL, though it does bug out on occasion.
First-launch walkthrough (left) AR and primary interface (right)
Workflow for IKEA Place is simple. Fire it up, and it gives you a cutesy conversation walkthrough. After requesting permission to access the camera, it dumps you to a view of the camera with three icons. (Pardon the mediocrity of my overpriced Boston rental.)
Going from left to right, the first icon lets you search for items you might already have in IKEA's catalog visually, powered by Grokstyle. The second icon allows you to find and select items in the catalog, either by searching in text or via the "Highlights" catalog. The third icon takes you to your saved list of favorite furniture.
Visually, the app looks almost entirely identical to the iOS version. That means you can expect to have inconveniently placed back buttons in the top corners for navigation. If you swipe up to use the software back button instead, it'll block those three icons on the augmented reality feed for a while until it slides away. In general, it's obvious the app wasn't designed with Android in mind, and I found myself frustrated with a lot of little things about the interface regularly.
To place an object all you do is select it in the catalog, tap "try in your place," and it will appear floating in the augmented reality view just in front of you. The controls for rotating objects are simple, the standard two-finger twist, but in practice it works inconsistently, resulting in very jerky motion and a lot of frustrating fine tuning. If you want to line something up precisely against a wall, it'll take a while. Once you've got it where you like it, tap the checkmark button, and it will settle on the ground.
Just because it's placed doesn't mean it won't move, though. Walking around the BESTÅ storage combination I dropped against a wall, its position slid around by a good foot or so as I went from one side of the virtual sideboard to the other. The size was also pretty far off, so at some level, the app does run into problems either mapping a room or determining depth.
How's the Kullen coming along? Ikea doesn't assemble itself, you know.
This particular problem cropped up about half the time I used IKEA Place. Sometimes it would map a room successfully and I'd only see a few inches of wobble as I moved around, other times it would be as you see above. Even in the best circumstances, furniture placed via the app moved around at least a bit, and the relative size of objects wasn't always perfect.
These should probably be the same size.
I'm confident that all of these AR problems are the fault of Google's ARCore and not IKEA, as similar issues are often present when using AR Stickers. Hopefully, Google can improve how it handles mapping spaces in ARCore, so apps like these can benefit.
IKEA Place is also locked in portrait, which is pretty annoying. Although you can rotate the display, none of the icons or text-filled menus will turn to accommodate, which gets annoying fast. A locked portrait view of your home probably doesn't provide an adequate sense of space or positioning, especially if you live in a cramped shoebox in the city like me.
You can get a better sense of space in landscape (above) but if you enter a menu to add more furniture you have to switch back to portrait, or you get what you see below.
All in all, IKEA Place is pretty cool. It's mind-blowing that we can see what an entire room full of nonexistent furniture might look like from a phone. The app makes moving and planning things out less risky than guesswork, and less tedious than graph paper and a list of measurements. Augmented reality really is magical. But IKEA Place needs better support for landscape orientations, and the issues with mapping spaces inaccurately need to be ironed out (whether that's a fault of Google and ARCore or IKEA). Making some Android-specific tweaks to the interface would also be appreciated.
Interested parties can read IKEA's full press release down at the bottom, or check out the app for themselves once it's been pushed live in the widget just below.
In 2016 newcomer Courtney Cole released her new single, “Free 99,” she's been on tour with Miranda Lambert as part of her Roadside Bars & Pink Guitars Tour and opened for acts like Kenny Chesney, Chris Young and Kip Moore. After a busy 2016, the Louisiana native is looking forward to the new year and what's to come.
“2017 looks so fun,” Courtney tells Nash Country Daily. “I'm so excited, we're booking a bunch of shows right now. I love traveling. We're playing Stagecoach [Festival] this year, which is a dream come true for me. I love California. I'm a cowgirl at heart. So we're doing that, then I'm releasing an EP. Just new music and lots of performing.”
With 2017 in full swing, NCD sat down with the newcomer to learn more about her and to find out a few of her favorite things.
Favorite color?
Blue.
Favorite ice cream?
Chocolate chip cookie dough.
Favorite flower?
Tulip. No lily.
Favorite song?
Right now, I love to listen to Jon Bellion.
Favorite movie?
The Holiday.
Favorite item of clothing?
Yoga pants.
Favorite drink?
Margarita.
Favorite food?
Mexican food.
Favorite actor/actress?
Julia Roberts.
Favorite board game?
Cards Against Humanity. Fave.
Favorite number?
Eight.
Favorite day of the week?
Sunday.
Favorite season?
Summer.
Favorite sport?
Football, just because of nachos.
Favorite scent?
Whatever lotion I'm wearing. Rose something.
ST. LOUIS — The Latest on a fatal drive-by shooting in St. Louis (all times local):
2:35 p.m.
Police say a 40-year-old St. Louis man has been fatally shot in a drive-by shooting that also injured five other people.
St. Louis police on Wednesday identified the man who died as Stanley Sparkling. Police said he was unconscious, not breathing and suffering from a gunshot wound to the head when they arrived in a neighbourhood on the city's north side to investigate.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that Sparkling was sitting on a porch. He lived on the same block.
Police said someone in a sport utility vehicle began shooting about 5:30 p.m.
They said two men were critically wounded as they sat in a car and two women sustained graze wounds. All are listed in stable condition. Police said a third woman refused medical treatment for unspecified injuries.
——
11:49 p.m. Tuesday.
Police say a man has been killed and five other people injured in a drive-by shooting in St. Louis.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that someone in a sport utility vehicle began shooting about 5:30 p.m. Tuesday in a neighbourhood on the city's north side. A man sitting on a porch was fatally wounded. Police did not immediately identify him.
Two other men were critically wounded as they sat inside a car.
Three women were also hurt. One was listed in stable condition and the other two sustained graze wounds.
The SUV drove off after the shooting. No arrests have been reported.
——
Information from: St. Louis Post-Dispatch, http://www.stltoday.com
BRISBANE, Australia (AP) French Open champion Garbine Muguruza finished off a first-round match for the first time at the Brisbane International, and extended Sam Stosur's unhappy run in the process with a 7-5, 6-7 (2), 7-5 win on Monday.
The fourth-seeded Muguruza saved three set points in the first and rallied from a break down in the third to finish off in 2 hours, 45 minutes on a humid afternoon. In two previous trips to the season-opening tournament, Muguruza struggled with injuries and hadn't completed a match.
“It was a battle,” Muguruza said. Stosur “played very well today. She served like a beast. It took three hours for that battle to see what happens in the end.”
Muguruza beat Stosur in the French Open semifinals last year and went on to beat then No. 1-ranked Serena Williams in the final to claim her first major title.
The loss extended a slump for Stosur, the 32-year-old Australian who hasn't won a competitive single match since the first round of the U.S. Open in September and hasn't advanced past the second round at her home tournament in Queensland state.
No. 5 Svetlana Kuznetsova, No. 6 Elina Svitolina and No. 8 Roberta Vinci were among the women's seeds advancing Monday.
Svitolina, the only player to beat both Serena Williams and Angelique Kerber in 2016, opened with a 6-3, 6-3 win over Olympic champion Monica Puig.
Kuznetsova beat American Louisa Chirico 6-2 6-4 and Vinci was pushed all the way in a 7-6 (4), 6-7 (4), 7-6 (5) win over qualifier Kateryna Bondarenko.
American qualifier Asia Mohammed advanced with a 7-6 (5), 6-1 win over Donna Vekic, and Zhang Shuai of China beat Laura Siegemund 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3.
In the men's draw, another of Australia's local hopes went out in the first round with No. 8-seeded David Ferrer beating error-prone Bernard Tomic 6-3, 7-5.
Nicolas Mahut advanced to the second round with a 4-6, 6-3, 6-4 win over fellow Frenchman Stephane Robert and Kyle Edmond held off American qualifier Ernesto Escobedo 7-6 (4), 7-6 (6).
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use
Looking for an affordable 4K TV? Right now, Walmart is selling a 55-inch Sceptre set for just $250 – 37 percent off the list price. You can also pick up a low-cost DNA kit from 23andme, an all-in-one laser printer, refurb tablets, and more with today's deals.
Featured Deals
55-inch Sceptre U550CV-U 4K LED HDTV for $249.99 at Walmart (List price: $399.99).
Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Intel Core i7-7500U 15.6-inch 1080p Touch Laptop with 16GB RAM, 4GB AMD GPU for $699.99 at Dell (List price: $899.99).
Dell U3818DW UltraSharp 38-inch 3840×1600 Curved IPS Monitor and $200 Dell Gift Card for $999.99 at Dell (List price: $1499.99).
Samsung Galaxy Tab S Octa-Core 2560×1600 16GB Wi-Fi 10.5-inch Tablet (Refurb) for $169 at PCMag Shop (Coupon code: SAVE30 – List price: $219).
Samsung 860 1TB 2.5-inch SATA EVO Solid State Drive with FREE Far Cry 5 PC Game Download for $279.99 at Amazon (List price: $329.99).
23andme DNA Ancestry with Genetic Health Reports Kit for $139 at Amazon (List price: $199).
23andme DNA Ancestry Test Kit for $69 at Amazon (List price: $99).
August Bluetooth Keyless Smart Lock (2nd Gen, Works with Amazon Alexa) for $109.99 at Amazon (List price: $229.99).
Ecovacs Deebot N79 Wi-Fi Smart Robotic Vacuum Cleaner with Alexa Connectivity for $159.98 at Amazon (Coupon code: JIP49E29 – List price: $249.98).
Brother MFCL2710DW Monochrome Laser All-in-One Multifunction Printer for $119.95 at Amazon (List price: $199.99).
Deik 22.2V Cordless Vacuum Cleaner with Motorized Brushead for $98.99 at Amazon (Coupon code: EFBMF36B – List price: $299.99).
Aptoyu Dual-Driver Bluetooth Speaker with 24 Hour Playtime for $9.89 at Amazon (Coupon code: N5AAKWNX – List price: $16.99).
Laptop and Desktop Computers
Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Quad HD 3200×1800 Touchscreen Intel Core m7 13.3-inch Laptop with 512GB SSD, 16GB RAM (Refurb) for $999 at PCMag Shop (Coupon code: SAVE100 – List price: $1910).
Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Intel Core i5-8250U Quad-core 15.6-inch 1080p IPS Laptop with 256GB SSD, GeForce MX130 for $649.99 at Dell (Coupon code: 50OFF699 – List price: $799.99).
Dell XPS 13 Intel Core i5-7200U 13.3-inch 1080p Laptop (8GB RAM/256GB SSD) for $849.99 at Dell (List price: $1099.99).
Dell XPS 8930 Intel Core i3-8100 Quad-Core GPU Expandable Desktop for $499.99 at Dell (List price: $549.99).
Dell Inspiron 15 5000 Intel Core i7-7500U 15.6-inch 1080p Touch Laptop with 16GB RAM, 4GB AMD GPU for $699.99 at Dell (List price: $899.99).
Dell U3818DW UltraSharp 38-inch 3840×1600 Curved IPS Monitor and $200 Dell Gift Card for $999.99 at Dell (List price: $1499.99).
More Laptops and Desktop PC Deals here.
HDTVs and Home Entertainment
49-inch Sony XBR49X900E 4K Ultra HD 120Hz Smart LED TV and $150 Dell Gift Card for $798 at Dell (List price: $948).
55-inch Vizio P55-E1 4K UltraHD 120Hz Native HDTV and $300 Dell Gift Card for $969.99 at Dell (List price: $999.99).
75-inch LG 75UJ6450 4K UHD Active HDR HDTV and $400 Dell Gift Card for $1499.99 at Dell (List price: $2699.99).
55-inch Sceptre U550CV-U 4K LED HDTV for $249.99 at Walmart (List price: $399.99).
More TV Deals here.
Electronics and Components
Apple iPad 5th Gen 32GB Wi-Fi (Space Gray) for $249 at Walmart (List price: $329.99).
Apple Watch Series 1 38mm Aluminum Case with Sport Band for $149 at Walmart (List price: $249).
WD Black 512GB M.2 PCIe NVMe Solid State Drive for $169.99 at Amazon (256GB for $90 – List price: $199.99).
Kingston A400 120GB SATA 3 2.5-inch Solid State Drive for $35.99 at Amazon (List price: $49.99).
Sandisk Ultra 256GB Type-C Dual Drive for $64.99 at Amazon (128GB for $39, 64GB for $25 – List price: $78.83).
Magicfly Portable Wireless Doorbell Kit (2 Transmitter, 2 Receivers) for $19.59 at Amazon (Coupon code: 5L374WXQ – List price: $27.99).
XIAOWU Qi Wireless Charger for $8.45 at Amazon (Coupon code: X6KTKJHC – List price: $19.99).
Samsung Galaxy Tab S Octa-Core 2560×1600 16GB Wi-Fi 10.5-inch Tablet (Refurb) for $169 at PCMag Shop (Coupon code: SAVE30 – List price: $219).
Samsung 860 1TB 2.5-inch SATA EVO Solid State Drive with FREE Far Cry 5 PC Game Download for $279.99 at Amazon (List price: $329.99).
August Bluetooth Keyless Smart Lock (2nd Gen, Works with Amazon Alexa) for $109.99 at Amazon (List price: $229.99).
Brother MFCL2710DW Monochrome Laser All-in-One Multifunction Printer for $119.95 at Amazon (List price: $199.99).
Aptoyu Dual-Driver Bluetooth Speaker with 24 Hour Playtime for $9.89 at Amazon (Coupon code: N5AAKWNX – List price: $16.99).
More Electronics and Tech Deals here.
Tools and Home Improvement, Kitchen Gadgets, and more
Suaoki P6 800A Peak 15000mAh Car Jump Starter for $39.89 at Amazon (Coupon code: QMMKTRMN – List price: $69.99).
Winix 5500-2 True HEPA Air Purifier with Carbon Filter, PlasmaWave for $137.34 at Amazon (List price: $249.99).
iRobot Roomba 980 Wi-Fi Smart Robotic Vacuum Cleaner for $799 at Amazon (List price: $899).
ZHIKE 35-inch Wide Adjustable Standing Desk for $175.99 at Amazon (Coupon code: SPTZB6SK – List price: $219.99).
SEGWAY ES1 eScooter with 15-Mile Range and Cruise Control for $299 at Amazon (List price: $399.99).
Hamilton Beach TrueAir Allergen-Reducing Air Cleaner Purifier for $39.44 at Amazon (List price: $59.99).
Today Only: Ninja 4-in-1 Kitchen System (Blender, Processor, Spiralizer, Crushing Pitcher) for $94.99 at Amazon (List price: $259.99).
Today Only: Waste King Legend 1 HP Continuous Feed Garbage Disposal for $90.50 at Amazon (List price: $119.99).
Today Only: Hitachi 23.9cc 2-Cycle Gas Powered 170 MPH Handheld Leaf Blower for $89.21 at Amazon (List price: $149.95).
Today Only: Hitachi CG23ECPSL 22.5cc 2-Cycle Gas Powered String Trimmer for $148.49 at Amazon (List price: $199.97).
SANSI A21 22W 250W-Equiv 3000 Lumens LED Light Bulb (2-Pack) for $34.48 at Amazon (Coupon code: CRAZYDEAL – List price: $45.98).
Samsung Genuine Refrigerator Water Filter for $29 at Amazon (List price: $55).
23andme DNA Ancestry with Genetic Health Reports Kit for $139 at Amazon (List price: $199).
23andme DNA Ancestry Test Kit for $69 at Amazon (List price: $99).
Ecovacs Deebot N79 Wi-Fi Smart Robotic Vacuum Cleaner with Alexa Connectivity for $159.98 at Amazon (Coupon code: JIP49E29 – List price: $249.98).
Deik 22.2V Cordless Vacuum Cleaner with Motorized Brushead for $98.99 at Amazon (Coupon code: EFBMF36B – List price: $299.99).
For more great deals go to TechBargains.
BLACKSBURG, Va. — Anthony Lawrence II scored a career-high 25 points to lift Miami to an 84-75 victory over Virginia Tech on Saturday.
Lawrence hit 9 of 10 from the floor, including three 3-pointers, as Miami (17-5, 6-4 ACC) won its second straight game and fourth in its past five. Lonnie Walker IV and DJ Vasiljevic added 14 points each.
Behind torrid first-half shooting — 58.6 per cent (17 of 29) — Miami grabbed the early lead and led for the final 37 minutes. Virginia Tech (16-7, 5-5) used an 8-0 run to cut the lead to 66-63 on a layup by Justin Robinson with 3:51 remaining, but the Walker hit a clutch 3-pointer with 3:22 to go to push the lead to 69-63, and Virginia Tech got no closer than four the rest of the way.
The ‘Canes relied on something down the stretch that isn't their strength to hold off the Hokies — free-throw shooting. The ACC's worst free-throw shooting team coming into the game made 9 of 12 in the final 1:16. They hit 16 of 23 (69.6 per cent).
Lawrence finished with his second straight double, grabbing 13 rebounds as well
Robinson led Virginia Tech with 22 points. Justin Bibbs had 16.
BIG PICTURE
Miami: Despite the loss of Bruce Brown Jr. (11.4 ppg, 7.1 rpg), who underwent surgery Thursday for a left foot injury that will keep him out six weeks, the ‘Canes quietly continue to put together a strong resume for NCAA Tournament consideration. They won their sixth true road game of the season, and if they get Brown back, they could be a tough out if they get in the tournament.
Virginia Tech: The Hokies had won three straight games to play their way into the NCAA Tournament discussion, but missed on an opportunity for a stronger case. Virginia Tech now has lost three conference games at home and faces a brutal schedule down the stretch that includes two games against Duke and games against Louisville and Virginia, as well as a rematch against Miami in Coral Gables.
UP NEXT
Miami: The ‘Canes return home for a Wednesday game against Wake Forest.
Virginia Tech: The Hokies play NC State in Blacksburg on Wednesday.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
New Sig Kilo 2400AB Have a brand new Sig Kilo 2400 range finder still sealed in the box. $1375.00 Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
ATLANTA (AP) — Dansby Swanson hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves, boosted by Freddie Freeman's two home runs and double, beat the San Diego Padres 5-4 Monday night for a four-game sweep in their first series at SunTrust Park.
Swanson's bases-loaded hit fell just in front of diving left fielder Allen Cordoba. The Braves have followed a five-game losing streak with five straight wins.
Freeman had four hits and drove in three runs. His second homer tied it in the eighth.
Jim Johnson (2-0) pitched the ninth.
Kurt Suzuki hit a one-out single in the Braves ninth off closer Brandon Maurer (0-1). With two outs, pinch runner Chase d'Arnaud advanced to third on Emilio Bonifacio's bloop single in front of Cordoba's dive.
An intentional walk to Ender Inciarte loaded the bases for Swanson, whose first career game-ending hit again fell beyond the reach of a charging Cordoba.
Austin Hedges' two-run homer off Arodys Vizcaino in the eighth inning gave San Diego a 4-3 lead. Freeman tied the game with his opposite-field homer to left field off Ryan Buchter.
Freeman's two-run homer in the third inning put Atlanta ahead 3-1. Cordoba's pinch-hit homer off Jaime Garcia in the seventh cut the lead to 3-2.
Garcia allowed two runs in 6 1-3 innings. San Diego right-hander Jered Weaver allowed three runs, two earned, in six innings.
Garcia gave up hits to San Diego's first three batters, including a run-scoring single by Yangervis Solarte. Garcia didn't allow another hit until Hedges' two-out double to right field in the sixth.
Weaver, in his 11th season, faced the Braves for the first time. He has faced 29 of 30 current teams, leaving only his former team, the Angels.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Braves OF Matt Kemp (right hamstring tightness) ran the bases and took flyballs in left field before batting practice and said “it went well.” Kemp can come off the 10-day DL on Tuesday and said “hopefully that will be the plan.” … C Tyler Flowers (strained right hamstring) may only miss “a couple days,” according to manager Brian Snitker. Flowers left Sunday's game with discomfort and Suzuki was the starting catcher on Monday night.
UP NEXT
Padres: RHP Jarred Cosart (0-0) will make his second start when San Diego returns home to open a series against Arizona's Shelby Miller on Tuesday night.
Braves: RHP Mike Foltynewicz (0-1) returns to the rotation in Tuesday night's series opener against Max Scherzer and the Nationals. Foltynewicz had his spot in the Atlanta rotation skipped for one start after his 5-4 loss at Pittsburgh on April 7.
Braves 5, Padres 4
;San Diego; Atlanta;
;ab;r;h;bi; ;ab;r;h;bi
Margot cf;4;1;1;0;Incarte cf;4;0;2;0
Myers 1b;5;0;2;0;Swanson ss;5;1;1;1
Solarte 2b;5;0;1;1;F.Frman 1b;4;2;4;3
Renfroe rf;4;0;0;0;Mrkakis rf;4;0;0;0
Schimpf 3b;3;1;0;0;Bra.Phl 2b;4;1;1;0
Hedges c;3;1;2;2;Ad.Grca 3b;4;0;1;0
Srdinas ss;3;0;1;0;K.Szuki c;4;0;1;1
J.Waver p;2;0;0;0;C.d'Arn pr;0;1;0;0
Cordoba ph-lf;1;1;1;1;J.Ptrsn lf;3;0;1;0
Jnkwski lf;2;0;0;0;Vzcaino p;0;0;0;0
Bthncrt ph;1;0;0;0;L.Jcksn p;0;0;0;0
Stammen p;0;0;0;0;J.Jhnsn p;0;0;0;0
Hand p;0;0;0;0;Recker ph;1;0;0;0
H.Sanch ph;1;0;0;0;J.Grcia p;2;0;0;0
Buchter p;0;0;0;0;Jose.Rm p;0;0;0;0
Maurer p;0;0;0;0;E.Bnfco ph-lf;2;0;1;0
;Totals; 34;4;8;4;Totals; 37;5;12;5
San Diego;100;000;120;—;4
Atlanta;012;000;011;—;5
E_Vizcaino (1), Sardinas (1). DP_San Diego 1, Atlanta 1. LOB_San Diego 8, Atlanta 7. 2B_Hedges (2), F.Freeman 2 (4), E.Bonifacio (1). HR_Hedges (2), Cordoba (1), F.Freeman 2 (5). SB_Sardinas (1).<
;IP;H;R;ER;BB;SO
San Diego
Weaver;6;7;3;2;0;3
Stammen;1-3;1;0;0;0;1
Hand;2-3;0;0;0;0;0
Buchter BS,1;1;1;1;1;0;1
Maurer L,0-1;2-3;3;1;1;1;0
Atlanta
Garcia;6;1-3;5;2;2;3;4
Ramirez H,3;2-3;0;0;0;0;2
Vizcaino BS,1;2-3;2;2;2;2;2
Jackson;1-3;0;0;0;0;0
Johnson W,2-0;1;1;0;0;0;1
Umpires_Home, Sam Holbrook; First, Jim Wolf; Second, Chad Whitson; Third, Dan Iassogna.
T_2:48. A_24,516 (41,500).
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_San-Dieo-Padres-WEB-5.jpg
By Charles Odum AP Sports Writer
More AP Baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
More AP Baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
4:15 Cooper sworn in as governor minutes after midnight
4:39 Exclusive interview with Roy Cooper on HB2
14:48 McCrory reflects on his term as North Carolina's governor
CENTENARY, Ohio — No drama this time around.
After escaping South Point with a narrow 59-57 victory on Jan. 9, the Gallia Academy boys basketball team completed the season sweep of the Pointers on Friday night in Gallia County, as the Blue Devils defeated their Ohio Valley Conference guest by a 68-49 tally.
GAHS (15-2, 9-2 OVC) never trailed in the game and fought through just one tie, at 2-2. The Blue Devils led 19-to-9 after eight minutes of play, with sophomore center Zach Loveday scoring 17 of his game-best 37 points in the opening quarter.
The Blue Devils pushed their lead as high as 13 in the second quarter, but South Point (7-10, 3-4) closed the half with a 5-to-2 run, making the GAHS lead 30-20 at the break.
The Pointers pulled within nine points by the midway point of the third quarter, but GAHS went on a 10-to-5 run to end the period with a 46-32 advantage.
The hosts stretched their lead to a game-high 23 points, at 66-43, with 1:40 to play and cruised to the 68-49 victory.
“We were 17-for-60 from the floor against Coal Grove, and we were 2-for-24 from the three-point line, so our focus for the last two days of practice has been to get the ball inside,” GAHS head coach Gary Harrison said. “We found out that Rock Hill's two post players had 28 and 20 against South Point, so we knew that Zach could have a big game tonight.”
In the win, GAHS shot 27-of-48 (56.3 percent) from the field, including 3-of-8 (37.5 percent) from three-point range. Meanwhile, South Point was 18-of-47 (38.3 percent) from the field, including 2-of-12 (16.7 percent) from beyond the arc.
At the foul line, the Blue Devils shot 11-of-15 (73.3 percent) and the Pointers shot 11-of-13 (84.6 percent).
Gallia Academy claimed a 35-to-13 edge in rebounds, including 11-to-4 on the offensive end. The hosts also held a 20-to-7 advantage in assists, while the Pointers picked up a 7-to-6 steals advantage. Both teams blocked three shots in the contest.
GAHS committed 14 turnovers in the win, while SPHS gave the ball away 10 times.
En route to his career-high 37 points, Loveday made 14 two-pointers, one trifecta and a 6-of-9 free throws. Loveday was responsible for 20 of his team's first 22 points and also came up with a game-best 16 rebounds.
“The last time we played them, they couldn't stop him,” Coach Harrison said of Loveday. “We knew he had gotten better since a month ago, they just had no answer. That's our game, we want to throw the ball inside. If they can't stop him, teams are going to be in for a long night. Our guards did a great job of feeding him and spacing, so it's a credit to everybody.”
Fellow GAHS sophomore Logan Blouir scored nine points for the victors, Justin McClelland added five points, while Caleb Henry and Cory Call each had four. Bailey Walker contributed three points to the winning cause, while Cole Davis, Evan Wiseman and Blaine Carter chipped in with two points apiece.
Wiseman had team-highs of five assists and two steals for the hosts, while Loveday, Call and Blouir each blocked a shot.
Tayshawn Fox led the guests with 23 points, followed by Chance Gunther with nine and Jared Whitt with seven. Austin Webb had six points and a team-best seven rebounds for SPHS, while Derek McCarty and Marcus Malone scored two points apiece.
Webb and Gunther each had two assists in the setback. Gunther also led the South Point defense with three steals, while Fox blocked two shots.
The Blue Devils are back on their home court on Tuesday when they welcome league-leading Fairland.
“We've been waiting,” Coach Harrison said about Fairland. “They're good, they humbled us last time. We're going to be up to the challenge, I think this place will probably be sold out. It's going to let us know where we're at. I'm sure Fairland knows where they're at, we're going to find out where we're at. We could eventually see these guys down the road in the tournament. We'll use these next two days to prepare and Tuesday night will be fun.”
The Dragons were responsible for Gallia Academy's first loss of the season, as they claimed a 97-50 decision in Lawrence County on Dec. 19.
Gallia Academy sophomore Zach Loveday slams home a dunk for two of his game-high 37 points, during the Blue Devils' 68-49 victory on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.4-GA-Loveday.jpg Gallia Academy sophomore Zach Loveday slams home a dunk for two of his game-high 37 points, during the Blue Devils' 68-49 victory on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports GAHS junior Blaine Carter (left) shoots a layup in front of teammate Zach Loveday (32) and South Point's Larry Fox (center), during the Blue Devils' OVC win on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.4-wo-GA-Carter.jpg GAHS junior Blaine Carter (left) shoots a layup in front of teammate Zach Loveday (32) and South Point's Larry Fox (center), during the Blue Devils' OVC win on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports GAHS junior Cory Call (22) shoots a two-pointer over South Point's Dustin McCarty (33) during the Blue Devils' 19-point win on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.4-wo-GA-Call.jpg GAHS junior Cory Call (22) shoots a two-pointer over South Point's Dustin McCarty (33) during the Blue Devils' 19-point win on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Gallia Academy senior Evan Wiseman (3) drives past a SPHS defender during Friday's Ohio Valley Conference boys basketball contest in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.4-wo-GA-Wiseman.jpg Gallia Academy senior Evan Wiseman (3) drives past a SPHS defender during Friday's Ohio Valley Conference boys basketball contest in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100
INDIANAPOLIS — Andrew Luck isn't sure when he'll start throwing again and won't set a timetable for his return from shoulder surgery.
The Indianapolis Colts' starting quarterback isn't expected to do much — if any — work during the team's offseason workouts.
Players and coaches held their first official team activities Monday at the team complex, and for the first time Luck acknowledged that his injury problems began during a Week 3 contest at Tennessee in 2015.
He missed nine games that season with an assortment of injuries, including a lacerated kidney. After the season, Luck said he decided to undergo rehab rather than opt for surgery. But after aggravating the injury several times last season, he decided to have surgery.
KINGSPORT, TN (WJHL) – Expect to see changes coming to downtown Kingsport over the next few years.
News Channel 11 told you last week that construction is set to begin for the new Kingsport Area Transit System this summer.
City leaders tell us that will spark development across the downtown area.
Crews are already constructing Centennial Park and Academic Village continues to grow in population.
The new KATS building will be located on the other end of Main Street, where there isn't a lot of development right now.
Kingsport Assistant City Manager, Chris McCartt, said leaders hope to see that change when construction is complete.
That's just one of many plans for downtown Kingsport.
“What we envision is a very typical downtown cross-section of a street with improved sidewalks, landscaping, and pedestrian lighting,” McCartt said.
He said crews will begin to upgrade roadways as well.
“We've got several places along Main Street where the subsurface under the road needs to be stabilized, we'll be digging that out, replacing that, making some adjustments to the concrete streets,” he continued.
KATS will be located at the corner of E. Main and Sullivan Streets.
McCartt said he hopes this will encourage businesses to move into that area and potentially new venues at the former General Shale location.
“We've begun work on a master plan for that site we're looking at a lot of things from a passive park, to a performance venue, even going a little bit further down and looking at you know, do we need to add additional athletic fields?”
Carl Matherly, Jr. owns the Nutty Java in downtown Kingsport. He says he hopes to see more businesses downtown.
“All of these local businesses, you know, people may think we compete against each other but we don't. The more you can offer, the better,” Matherly said.
“We really believe that we're moving in a direction that is what the Kingsport community wants,” McCartt said. “But also what we believe will present our downtown better. In addition to that they will also serve as magnets to attract people downtown for various things.”
Leaders hope to move out of the design phase within the next two years, then move into the construction phase.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
BOYNTON BEACH, Fla. (AP) – Authorities say two Florida women overdosed on heroin in a sports utility vehicle with two infants in the back seat.
Boynton Beach police spokeswoman Stephanie Slater said in a news release that 28-year-old Kristen Leigh O'Connor and 29-year-old June Schweinhart were taken to a hospital Thursday after officers found them inside the SUV.
The infants, ages 1 and 2 months, were properly strapped into their car seats.
O'Conner told investigators she picked up Schweinhart – who she met in a drug treatment program – and they bought $60 worth of heroin from her old drug dealer.
The women snorted the drug and then overdosed. After treatment, they were booked into jail on child neglect charges.
The infants were turned over family members. Jail records don't list attorneys for either woman.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
Featured Photo Gallery | See ABOVE PICTURE CAPTIONS: (A.) Sweet & Southern Sugar Company owner Myra Hughes opened up her second spa boutique ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
LAS VEGAS – Real estate agents throughout Nevada will be attending MIPIM, the world's leading global real estate market, business conference and networking event, being held March 13-16 in Cannes, France.
Nine Nevada real estate leaders are attending the event, representing the statewide Nevada REALTORS, the Greater Las Vegas Association of REALTORS (GLVAR), the Reno-Sparks Association of REALTORS (RSAR) and the Commercial Alliance Las Vegas (CALV).
They include Nevada REALTORS CEO Teresa McKee, GLVAR CEO Wendy DiVecchio, 2017 Nevada REALTORS President Greg Martin, 2017 GLVAR President David J. Tina, 2017 CALV President Jennifer Ott, CCIM, 2018 RSAR President Doug McIntyre, as well as Diane Brown, a Northern Nevada REALTOR who has chaired the state association's Global Committee, and Rena Levy and Tamara Larisa Tyrbouslu, Las Vegas REALTORS and longtime leaders of the Global Committees for both GLVAR and Nevada REALTORS.
These Nevadans will be part of a growing USA pavilion, hosted by the National Association of REALTORS (NAR), the nation's largest real estate trade organization. NAR will be among 3,100 exhibitors at this year's event.
This will be the third year Nevada REALTORS have attended MIPIM, said Heidi Kasama, 2018 president of the Nevada REALTORS. This year, she said Nevada's representatives will bring more information about the most significant real estate and development projects being built or planned in the state. She said examples range from Tesla's gigafactory being built near Reno and Sparks to the $1.9 billion stadium being built near the south end of the Las Vegas Strip, to billions of dollars in other, less well-known but still significant developments.
About 24,000 leading real estate executives from 100 countries, including thousands of investors, are expected to attend the annual gathering of the global real estate industry. The event brings together investors, developers, occupiers, architects, hotel groups, public authorities, city mayors and property associations from around the world.
Recommended Stories For You
NAR continues to expand its presence at this global event, providing local and regional U.S. markets the ability to showcase opportunities for foreign investment.
Kasama pointed out that prices for Class A properties in many large U.S. markets have surpassed pre-recession levels, while many mid-sized and smaller-tier markets like Reno and Las Vegas "still have room for prices to appreciate" and could benefit from increased interest from foreign commercial property investors.
Mendenhall explained that "current interest in industrial and logistics properties due to the growth of online shopping creates opportunities in markets not traditionally identified as a destination for foreign investment."
In addition to Nevada, markets featured in the USA pavilion include the states of Arizona, Illinois, Missouri, North Carolina, Rhode Island, Virginia and Washington, and the metro areas of Beverly Hills/Greater Los Angeles, Coastal Carolina/Myrtle Beach, Northern Virginia and San Antonio. Markets participating in the USA "zone," adjacent to the USA Pavilion are Florida State, Miami and San Diego, along with the CCIM Institute and the Society of Office and Industrial Realtors.
Liverpool is in Germany for their Champions League qualification playoff first leg against Bundesliga side Hoffenheim on Tuesday evening. Ahead of the game, here are some Hoffenheim vs Liverpool betting tips.
Hoffenheim vs Liverpool
Champions League Qualification Playoff Round, First Leg
Tuesday, August 15, 2017
7.45pm (UK time)
Rhein-Neckar Arena, Sinsheim
Draw (12/5)
Liverpool is the 13/10 favourites with the bookies to win this game, according to My Betting Sites. But with key players absent, a defence reeling from their defensive errors in a 3-3 draw at Watford in their Premier League opener, and no immediate pressure to win the tie before next week's return leg at Anfield, perhaps the smart money is on this ending in a draw on the night. Jurgen Klopp's record against Hoffenheim offers further reassurance to back the draw. In 17 games against them as a manager to date, he has won six, lost six and drawn five. A fairly even record and one that could be perfectly so by the end of the first leg. You can get odds of 12/5 on that, so a £10 stake would return £34.
Hoffenheim to score from a set-piece (2/1)
As we mentioned above, Liverpool showed at Vicarage Road that they haven't learnt how to defend set pieces over the summer. Throw into the equation the fact that Hoffenheim are the Bundesliga's set piece specialists and there starts to feel like a degree of inevitability. With odds of 2/1 on Hoffenheim scoring from a corner or free-kick, a £10 stake would return £30. Over 2.5 goals (43/40)
There isn't a great deal of value in this market, but it could still pay dividends given how Jurgen Klopp's side are dealing with set pieces at present. The bookies agree that it is more likely there will be more than 2.5 goals in this first leg than not, so a £10 stake would only earn you a return of £17.27.
Mohamed Salah to score anytime (8/5)
The Egypt international got his Liverpool career off to a decent start with his goal against Watford last weekend. Expect his confidence to be high heading into this game. It is in European competition that he first caught the eye of Chelsea ahead of his first stint in English football, so he knows what the Champions League is all about. He is 8/5 to score anytime in the game, so a £10 stake would return £26.
Dominic Solanke to score last (6/1)
Former Chelsea youngster Dominic Solanke had a pretty decent pre-season after joining Liverpool. He regularly came off the bench to make an impression. The England Under-20 international scored against Crystal Palace, Hertha Berlin and Athletic Bilbao, and was among the substitutes for the game against the Hornets. It could be worth a 6/1 punt on him coming off the bench to score the final goal of the game against Hoffenheim on Tuesday night. A £10 stake would return £70.
Fiat-Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) has expanded its partnership with tech giant Google to develop an Android-powered evolution of its award-winning Uconnect infotainment system. The software will be introduced this week during the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Billed as a simple concept, the experimental Uconnect system is powered by 7.0 Nougat, the newest version of Android. FCA explains 7.0 Nougat is the perfect starting point for an automotive infotainment system because it already includes core features such as a radio and comfort controls.
More: Mercedes parent company Daimler open to collaboration with Apple or Google
Another advantage is that linking Android and Uconnect creates an infotainment system that's easily compatible with popular smartphone applications that motorists already use on a regular basis. These include Google Maps and Google Assistant, but the Nougat-powered Uconnect system can also seamlessly integrate popular Android applications like Pandora, Spotify, NPR One, and Pocket Casts.
At CES, the concept will be demonstrated on an 8.4-inch touchscreen found inside of a Chrysler 300. It won't remain a concept for long, and FCA engineers have already joined forces with members of Google's team to develop the next generation of the Uconnect infotainment software that will equip millions of cars around the world.
The collaboration benefits both partners. On the one hand, FCA will be able to offer one of the industry's most advanced infotainment systems. On the other hand, Google will be able to expand into the auto industry, a move it's been working on for several years with programs such as Android Auto.
“Google is committed to building Android as a turn-key automotive platform that integrates deeply with the vehicle in a safe and seamless way,” explained Patrick Brady, Google's Director of Android Engineering, in a statement.
The tech giant's may never build a car from scratch, but its ties to the auto industry likely won't stop at the collaboration with FCA. Neatly integrating applications is something automakers have been trying to accomplish for years, and Google openly states it's willing to work with other companies on infotainment technology.
Replicas of Christopher Columbus' Pinta and Nina are headed to Biloxi, Mississippi, but first, they'll be making a stop in Baton Rouge.
The ships will dock in Baton Rouge on Monday, December 11. They are expected to arrive in Biloxi on Friday, December 15.
The Nina was built by hand without the use of power tools. Archaeology magazine calls the ship "the most historically correct Columbus replica ever built." In 2005, the Pinta was launched in Brazil. It is also a caravel, which is a small, maneuverable ship developed in the 15th century by the Portugese.
Both ships tour together to educate the public about the type of ship used by many early explorers across the world.
The public is invited to tour the ships. Admission is $8.50 for adults, $7.50 for seniors, and $6 for students ages 5 - 16. Admission is free for children ages 4 and under.
Click here for more information.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Robert Quinn says Rams coach asked players to stand for national anthem
When sporting events were played in the past, it was just a given that athletes would stand for the national anthem. That's not the case anymore, and that has led to discussions ahead of time about how players will observe the anthem. Around the Los Angeles Rams' locker room, players apparently have been asked to stand for the anthem.
Rams defensive lineman Robert Quinn spoke on Monday after the team's practice and shared that head coach Sean McVay asked his players to stand for the anthem.
Quinn made a statement last year by raising a fist during the anthem. He did the same before the team's first preseason game on Saturday as a way to express some form of protest while respecting his coach's wishes.
“Before that went down, me and Coach had a conversation, and I think we got on the same page. This is my belief. This is where I stand. I'm going to do my best not to make it a distraction for our team, and let's just go on about football. But I will make a stand when I need to,” Quinn said Monday via the OC Register's Rich Hammond.
Quinn feels that what happened in Charlottesville over the weekend is a clear example of why many African-Americans feel the need to speak up.
“In a sense, to African-Americans, that's a terrorist group,” Quinn said of the people behind the rally. “It might not be the same to you, but to me and people and people of color, I don't knock anything [Eric Reid] said about that. It might not be offensive to you, but I may look at it completely different.”
Reid, who plays for the 49ers, said after seeing the Charlottesville rally and fallout that that the type of thing Colin Kaepernick may have been making a statement against.
Lexi Thompson's pain may prove to be the rest of golf's gain.
David Rickman, the R&A's executive director of governance, acknowledged on Golf Channel's "Morning Drive" Monday that the new protocols that will eliminate the use of TV viewer call-ins and emails to apply penalties was hastened by the controversy following Thompson's four-shot penalty at the ANA Inspiration in early April. The new protocols also set up rules officials to monitor TV broadcasts beginning next year.
“Clearly, that case has been something of a focus point for us,” Rickman said.
Thompson reacted to the new protocols in an Instagram post.
“I applaud the USGA and the R&A for their willingness to revise the Rules of Golf to address certain unfortunate situations that have arisen several times in the game of golf,” Thompson wrote. “In my case, I am thankful no one else will have to deal with an outcome such as mine in the future.”
Thompson was penalized two shots for improperly returning her ball to its mark on a green during Saturday's round after a viewer emailed LPGA officials during Sunday's broadcast. She was penalized two more shots for signing an incorrect scorecard for her Saturday round. Thompson ultimately lost in a playoff to So Yeon Ryu.
The new protocols will also eliminate the additional two-shot penalty a player receives for failing to include a penalty when a player was unaware of the penalty.
Shortly after the ANA Inspiration, the USGA and R&A led the formation of a video review working group, which included the PGA Tour, LPGA, European Tour, Ladies European Tour and PGA of America.
Also, just three weeks after Thompson was hit with the four-shot penalty, the USGA and R&A released a new Rules of Golf decision decision (34-3/10) limiting video evidence in two ways:
1. If an infraction can't be seen with the naked eye, there's no penalty, even if video shows otherwise.
2. If a tournament committee determines that a player does “all that can be reasonably expected to make an accurate estimation or measurement” in determining a line or position to play from or to spot a ball, then there will be no penalty even if video replay later shows that to be wrong.
While the USGA and R&A said the new decision wasn't based on Thompson's ANA incident, LPGA players immediately began calling it the “Lexi Rule.”
Greg Cote has been a Miami Herald sports columnist since 1995 and also writes the Random Evidence blog and NFL predictions along with his notorious sidekick the Upset Bird. He has covered Hurricanes football (1984-88), the Dolphins (1990-91) and major events including Super Bowls, NBA Finals, World Series, Stanley Cup, Olympics and World Cup.Read Greg Cote's Random Evidence blog at http://blogs.herald.com/random_evidence/
SALINAS, Calif. — A jury in Northern California convicted a 20-year-old man of torturing, starving and beating two children whose bodies were found in a storage unit.
The jury on Monday found Gustavo Curiel guilty in the 2015 killings of a 7-year-old boy and his 3-year-old sister. They also convicted him of torturing their older sister in their Salinas apartment, KSBW-TV reported.
Curiel's former girlfriend and the children's relative, Tami Huntsman, 42, pleaded guilty in February to two counts of murder. Huntsman had agreed to care for the three children after their mother was killed in a car accident and their father — who is related to Huntsman — was sent to prison.
An officer found the oldest child, then 9, with bruises and a broken collarbone in the backseat of a locked SUV in December 2015. Officials later located the tiny bodies of her siblings in plastic containers inside a storage unit in Redding, about 300 miles (483 kilometres) north of Salinas.
The child told investigators that Huntsman and Curiel killed her younger siblings on Thanksgiving after she was caught stealing a bagel. The girl, now 12, was the primary witness in Curiel's trial.
She told jurors she and her siblings were stripped naked, sprayed down with cold water, beaten with a shower head, and locked in a tiny bathroom for extended periods of time as punishment.
Curiel was a “sadistic” person who “enjoyed controlling and hurting children,” Monterey County Assistant District Attorney Steve Somers said.
Curiel was a minor when the killings occurred. He was tried as an adult, but prosecutors were not able to seek the death penalty under California law. He and Huntsman were scheduled to be sentenced next week.
——
Information from: KSBW-TV.
Protestors shout slogans in front of Trump Tower ahead President Donald Trump's visit to the building New York, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. Andres Kudacki AP Photo
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up his specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where he works.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. He doesn't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, he acknowledges.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes herself as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says she no longer recognizes her neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. He says bureaucrats keep telling him to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, he says.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though he only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Her work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even she has not applied for work permits for her Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," she says. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged his feet too. When he arrived four years ago, he thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," he says.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
He still dreams of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have listed starting pitcher Steven Matz as day to day, hopeful he will not miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger.
Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Matz was injured while swinging the bat Tuesday in the top of the fourth. The bat flew out of his hand and pushed his middle finger far back. Though he doubled, the pain was too much for him to pitch the bottom half of the inning and he left the game.
Callaway said Matz's injury doesn't compare to Noah Syndergaard's, one that forced the ace to the disabled list on the same day with a strained ligament in his right index finger.
Photo: Why is it so impossible to get a photo of both of them smiling at the camera at the same time?
My two little bears proudly marched in the Memorial Day parade on Monday. The whole thing was very Small Town America, but with the obvious Massachusetts twist of having our colonial company lead the parade with fife and drum. The middle school band, the high school band, a single camo-colored jeep with 3 town officials riding in it, a Boy Scouts troop, a Girl Scouts troop and two Cub Scout troops made up the marchers, with most of the onlookers on the street being the parents in town. There is commentary there: about values and ritual and such… but I'll let that be. All I know is that I spent my time with another Scout Mom catching up and chatting in a minivan while waiting for the parade to go up the street and then come down another one.
The boys were proud to participate. As you can see from the photo, they looked mighty sharp in their uniforms. I didn't have a great impression of Scouts before having kids and watching them participate. I really must say that Scouting has done a lot for my two boys. It has taught them a lot and presented them with multiple opportunities to try safe, yet challenging, new things. Watching them march by with their flags and little waves… it was very nice indeed.
I will say that I'm mighty grateful that everyone behaved. I had my misgivings, given the current climate, of being a Black women at a “patriotic” affair. But it was family friendly and everyone was on their best behavior. I have to learn to better trust my neighbors, despite the darkness that has bubbled to the surface.
And now it's a sprint to the end of the school year. My God, we've got something going on every single day. I'm keeping this post short tonight because I'll be stepping out the door in one hour to teach my class. Between now and then, I need to fry fish, serve it for dinner, eat it, get dressed, and do something about this hair. Madness, Dear Reader, madness.
But I did want to share one more picture today. Look at this monster who stepped into my yard!
So here is the thing, though: this photo was taken near the playfort and the playfort abuts the stone fence. How did the turtle traverse the stone fence!? Like… there is no way, right? There is absolutely no way? I'm super confused!
I'm officially surrounded by my favorite animals: turtles, owls, and foxes. Our hawk family is a bonus, but I didn't love hawks until we moved here. I have always loved turtles and consider them to be good luck. While taking pictures, I spoke this guy for a while, asking for a little bit of luck, a little bit of wisdom. I texted my friend a photo and she told me that this is a snapping turtle and is probably more bad news than good. Their bites, I hear, are really awful. In the time it took me to get to Wegmans and back, dude bro had cleared out. I guess he was just passing through. I do hope he left a bit of luck (and not poop) behind.
I've got to get back to the gauntlet. Oh, Wednesdays! But I will be here for Quiet Thoughts. I hope you are keeping up with it all like I am, Dear Reader. Lord, it's a lot right now, isn't it?
Until then, take care.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
In this Dec. 6, 2017, file photo, demonstrators hold up balloons during an immigration rally in support of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals DACA), and Temporary Protected Status
A Cadiz, Kentucky officer was hit by a vehicle on Monday afternoon, April 17.
Kentucky State Police responded to Main Street in front of Trigg County High School at around 3:38 p.m. for reports of an officer hit by a vehicle.
According to police, George A. Hicks, 72, of Cadiz, was driving a 2004 Chevrolet van eastbound on Main Street approaching the entrance to Trigg County Hospital when he hit David Colbert, a Cadiz police officer who was directing school traffic.
Colbert was taken by ambulance to the hospital for treatment of non-life threatening injuries.
According to police, heavy rain and decreased visibility are believed to be factors in the incident. KSP does not anticipate any criminal charges.
KSP was assisted at the scene by the Cadiz Police Department, Trigg County Sheriff's Department, Trigg County Rescue and Trigg County Ambulance Service.
The investigation is ongoing. Anyone with information is asked to contact the KSP Post 1 at 270-856-3721 or anonymously at 1-800-222-5555.
Download the KFVS News app: iPhone | Android
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved.
This is definitely an "Oops" moment for Qualcomm. The chipset manufacturer accidentally leaked/revealed the newest Asus device ahead of the CES announcement. While new devices are sometimes worth getting excited about, this one is actually special: the ZenFone AR, as it is named, will be the second phone with Tango built in. Qualcomm noted in its now removed blog post that the ZenFone AR will use the Snapdragon 821 SoC and that the new phone would also be Daydream-ready. Of course, this would be the first device to run both of Google's augmented and virtual reality platforms.
The ZenFone AR will support Daydream apps like Street View, YouTube, Netflix, HBO, and Hulu, as well as games like Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Need for Speed, Gunjack 2, and Lego BrickHeadz. The image you see above came this morning courtesy of @evleaks, who confirmed that this is the second Tango phone.
ASUS ZenFone AR (2nd Google Tango phone) pic.twitter.com/ctKQ9IKfeC — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 2, 2017
Tango and Daydream together sound like an interesting combination. Having spent some time with the former, I first found myself in a struggle to care about this. However, as I sit here and consider it, I think that the combination could lead to some really fantastic applications. How this all works out remains to be seen, but you can rest assured that we are watching this closely.
As I mentioned, the blog post has been pulled. Luckily, the Internet never forgets (nor does our fearless leader Artem give up). The cached version is below for your perusal and the source link should go live in the next few days.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the plane was downed on Saturday afternoon near the rebel-held town of Sarqeb, which Syrian troops have been trying to take under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
Russia is a key ally of President Bashar Assad, and has been waging a military campaign on behalf of his forces since 2015. Since then, Syrian troops have captured wide parts of the country and in recent weeks have been making advances in Idlib. The province is also a base for al-Qaida's branch in Syria and other Islamic groups.
A Syrian militant in the area told The Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when he resisted capture. The pilot opened fire from his pistol as the militants were trying to seize him, said the militant, who refused to be identified by his real name because was not authorized to speak to the media.
A video circulating on social media shows a lifeless body of a man, his face stained with blood, as bearded gunmen stand around him. One of the armed men shouts: “He is Russian.” The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed but it corresponded to events reported by the AP.
Earlier in the day, the Observatory and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants reported intense airstrikes in Idlib. The Observatory reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and the village of Tel Mardeekh in Idlib since the early hours of Saturday.
Syria's state news agency, SANA, said Syrian troops captured the village of Maasaran as well as the Tel Tokan hill, cutting links between Saraqeb and the rebel stronghold of Maarest al-Numan to the south.
Syrian government forces and their allies launched a push into Idlib six weeks ago, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 people have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
Meanwhile, fighting raged on Saturday between Turkish troops and allied Syrian opposition fighters, and a Syrian Kurdish militia in the northern Syrian enclave of Afrin.
The Turkish military said two of its soldiers were killed in Syria and a third was killed on the Turkish side of the border in an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen.
The military said Saturday's deaths were related to Turkey's operation against Syrian Kurdish-held Afrin, codenamed Olive Branch. One of the soldiers was killed when a Turkish tank was hit in Afrin.
A total of eight Turkish soldiers and at least 24 allied Syrian opposition fighters have died so far in Ankara's offensive, which started on Jan. 20.
The Turkish operation aims to clear Afrin of the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the People's Protection Units or YPG, which Turkey considers to be a terrorist group and an extension of the Kurdish insurgency within its borders.
Turkish presidential spokesman said Turkey will not tolerate the presence of a Syrian Kurdish militia “anywhere” along its southern border, hinting that Ankara might expand its military operation underway in the Syrian enclave of Afrin eastward.
The spokesman, Ibrahim Kalin, said Saturday that Turkey's first demand is to see the YPG move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij, where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed.
Kalin called on the United States to “disengage” from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with “our American allies to avoid any confrontation.”
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria. The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border.
Isle of Wight band, CHAMPS, received a welcome boost last weekend. Brothers, Mike and Dave Champion from Niton, have already released two critically acclaimed albums and are now working feverishly on a third.
On Sunday, the comedian, actor and writer, Robin Ince, tweeted supportive praise for the lads to his 147,000 followers on Twitter.
So many people still don't know @CHAMPSOFFICIAL – rather lovely pop I think https://t.co/hyFo7LcQUQ — Robin Ince (@robinince) December 10, 2017
Get your CHAMPS fix
The third album – which is eagerly-awaited by fans of CHAMPS – looks like it should be out next year, but of course, you can always stick on one of the first two albums, both of which are standing the test of time.
If you need a fix of CHAMPS loveliness before then, check out some of their ace videos below. The record label CHAMPS are signed to, Play It Again Sam, always seem to make sure their videos are great quality. My favourite is still the lads running through Ventnor and jumping into swimming pools.
And then there are these lovely live acoustic performances
Find out more about CHAMPS by visiting their Website, Facebook Page or Twitter account.
Image: © Hollie Fernando
Tennessee running back John Kelly (4) is tackled by Georgia defensive back J.R. Reed (20) and linebacker Roquan Smith (3) during the first half of an NCAA college football game Saturday, Sept. 30, 2017, in Knoxville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Wade Payne) Wade Payne AP
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - What happened? Pause
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:01 South Carolina residents will automatically live in North Carolina as of Jan. 1
2:27 Thelma Lou turns 90
2:18 Gov. Pat McCrory concedes defeat to Roy Cooper
1:46 Humpback whales are making a splash in Washington, B.C. waters
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant
1:14 Firefighters having 'difficulty' containing South Mountains State Park wildfire in NC
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
Astronaut talks with students in Venezuela
Astronauts on the International Space Station use amateur radio to talk with students all over the world about life and work in space. In October, flight engineer Joe Acaba made an historic contact with the Maria Montessori Institute Educational Unit in San Cristobal, Venezuela: the first-ever educational ham radio contact in that country's history, courtesy of the Amateur Radio on International Space Station program. Here's a look at the excitement on the ground as more than a dozen elementary and middle school students got their chance to talk to a man in space.
QUALIFICATION REVIEW 2: Croatia remains in the race for the EHF EURO 2018 after a crucial victory over Switzerland, while Serbia and Sweden book their tickets to France
Commanding wins take Serbia and Sweden through
Before Group 3's EHF EURO 2018 Qualification matches on Wednesday, neither of the available places at the final tournament had been booked. Sweden and Serbia secured their tickets with decisive away victories, as the Scandinavian team defeated FYR Macedonia in Skopje and Serbia beat Faroe Islands in Torshavn.
In Group 1, Switzerland had the chance to make history and reach their first EHF EURO, however, they were far outmatched by Croatia. Switzerland's only remaining hope is that Croatia lose to Ukraine and they beat Norway in Round 6 – but it seems more likely that Croatia will secure the required victory and take Group 1's second ticket on Saturday.
Wednesday's games ended with Czech Republic taking a narrow victory after a spectacular comeback from determined Iceland. Czech Republic will face Slovenia in Most on Sunday, in a match to decide who joins Denmark as the second qualifier from Group 5.
GROUP 1
Switzerland vs Croatia 16:33 (8:13)
Following Croatia's win in the decisive match against Switzerland in Sursee, Group 1's second ticket to France will not be decided until the last qualification round. Croatia won the Round 1 clash between these sides 32:28, hinting at the possibility of an exciting match on Wednesday night – but the visitors took a one-sided victory.
With the help of an outstanding performance from goalkeeper and player of the match Ivana Kapitanovic, Croatia had little trouble keeping their hosts under control. Kapitanovic's game, which included a penalty save in the 18th minute, which kept her team 7:4 up, was a key factor in Croatia's five-goal lead at half-time.
Switzerland returned from the dressing room with a clear yet manageable deficit against them – but the guests only increased their advantage, leading 22:12 as the final quarter began. At that point it was clear the two points would not stay in Switzerland.
GROUP 3
FYR Macedonia vs Sweden 20:32 (7:16)
World Championship 2017 semi-finalists Sweden had little trouble controlling the match in Skopje from start to finish. After allowing their opponents only seven goals in the opening half, the Scandinavian visitors took a comfortable nine-goal lead into the break.
Sweden's attack, led by their world-class centre back Isabelle Gullden, was too strong for FYR Macedonia's defence, and the guests found gaps all over the court that allowed them to score on open breakthrough chances. When Sweden hit double digits on the score board, leading 10:3, it was already clear that they would go on to take the victory.
In the second period, the distance steadily grew in favour of the Scandinavian team – and at the final whistle they celebrated booking the first of Group 3's tickets to the final tournament.
Faroe Islands vs Serbia 17:33 (11:17)
After Sweden recorded a dominant victory over FYR Macedonia to secure one of Group 3's places at the EHF EURO 2018, Serbia followed their example.
When Serbia scored five unanswered goals before Faroe Islands found the back of the net for the first time, it was obvious that the visitors were not taking any chances with their ticket to the EURO at stake. A victory would secure Serbia's place in France, and they put together a quality performance that reflected the reward waiting at the final whistle.
Once Faroe Islands scored their first goal, as the clock neared 10 minutes, the match became more competitive – but Serbia still held a commanding six-goal lead when the buzzer sounded for the half-time break.
Serbia coach Ljubomir Obradovic used every minute of the match to practice defensive formations and attacking options, as his team cruised to a 16-goal win and booked their ticket to France in style.
GROUP 5
Iceland vs Czech Republic 24:26 (9:14)
What appeared like a one-sided encounter early on slowly evolved into a thriller, as Iceland never stopped fighting after a slow start to the match in Reykjavik.
The hosts fell behind 0:3 after five minutes and trailed 3:10 as the first quarter ended. From a 4:10 deficit at the 20-minute mark, Iceland closed the gap and came within two just with 20 minutes left to play. At that stage, the momentum was clearly behind the hosts, while the visitors' defence struggled and goalkeeper Lucie Satrapova had difficulty without support.
Iceland were rewarded for their persistence when Ester Oskarsdottir scored a counter attack that pulled them within one for the first time (21:22) in the 51st minute. Goalkeeper Gudny Jenny Asmundsdottir followed with a penalty save from key Czech shooter Iveta Luzumova, then another on a fast break – and suddenly the visitors were under pressure.
However, they managed to withstand it and in the critical closing minutes, Czech Republic outscored their opponents 4:3 to claim a two-goal victory and set up a mouth-watering clash against Slovenia on Sunday.
TEXT:
Lionel Messi played down Argentina's chances at the World Cup, though the hat-trick hero insisted the South American giants are a great team.
Runners-up at the 2014 World Cup, Argentina stepped up their preparations for next month's Russia showpiece with a routine 4-0 victory over Caribbean minnows Haiti in Buenos Aires on Tuesday.
Messi was the hero at La Bombonera – the Argentina captain and Barcelona superstar scoring three goals and assisting Sergio Aguero in the international friendly.
Argentina will face Israel on June 9 before going head-to-head with Iceland, Croatia and Nigeria in Group D at the World Cup, where reigning champions Germany, Brazil, France and Spain are among the favourites.
And Messi said Argentina are not among the candidates to lift the trophy as Jorge Sampaoli's men seek to win their third World Cup and first since 1986.
"I am very grateful to all the people, we always feel the affection of all, not like other times that we received insults," said Messi, who took his international tally to 64 goals.
"We all go to Russia for the same reason, the World Cup is the dream of us, of the country. We are not candidates but we are very good, training and improving day by day.
"We have good players and we are getting stronger to fight as an equal with anyone."
The five-time Ballon d'Or winner added: "In a World Cup, logic is almost never given. We have to aim to win the first game, which is the most important because it will give us peace of mind.
"Let no one have doubts that we are going to try everything, as people always ask us.
"We are going with a great squad that is becoming strong at the team and individual level. We are facing a beautiful possibility and we are looking for that."
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad made a rare public appearance as he visited elated troops on the front line in newly captured areas near the capital Damascus.
Assad congratulated the forces during the visit broadcast on state-run television.
"We are proud of you," said Assad, who wore a suit with no tie, flashed smiles and stopped for chats with soldiers, who cheered and pumped fists in the air in formerly rebel-held eastern Ghouta.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Assad gives video driving tour of territory captured from Syria's rebels 1:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the Syrian government is now in control of over 80 percent of the area near Damascus where a government offensive has killed hundreds and forced tens of thousands from their homes.
Recapturing eastern Ghouta, which has been under rebel control since 2012, would mark one of Assad's biggest victory in the country's civil war. It would also be the worst setback for rebels since the opposition was ousted from eastern Aleppo in late 2016 after a similar siege and bombing campaign.
Assad also told soldier that the residents of the capital, who have come under repeated fire and shelling from the rebel-held areas, appreciate the military's advances. Assad told the soldiers that they are not only fighting for the region but also to rid the world of terrorism.
President Bashar al-Assad reaches out to shake the hand of a soldier in eastern Ghouta on Sunday. SANA / Reuters
"With every bullet you fire at a terrorist, you change the balance in the world," Assad said. Syria's government views all its opposition as terrorists.
It was not clear where in eastern Ghouta Assad was.
The visit comes on the week the war enters its eighth year, a war that has devastated large parts of Syria, and displaced nearly half of the population. What started as peaceful protests against his family's long rule turned into a civil war after a heavy crackdown.
The government fought the opposition for years, using its air force and artillery and solicited help from its Russian and Iranian allies, who threw their weight behind Assad.
The United Nations told Reuters on Sunday they estimate around 25,000 people have left eastern Ghouta in the past week. Civilians have been making their way out towards army positions on foot, hauling their belongings with them. They are then transferred to one of three reception centers.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Assad Regime launches more attacks in Syria, despite attempt at a truce 1:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Observatory said about 50,000 had left the southern pocket in the past 72 hours and thousands left on Sunday. Russian news agencies said more than 73,000 people have left eastern Ghouta so far, 25,000 of which left on Sunday.
The Observatory also reported that Sunday saw new intense shelling on Douma, the largest town in eastern Ghouta, after days of relative calm.
Meanwhile, figures close to rebels said talks were underway with the aim of them leaving to other opposition areas or giving up arms, though rebels have publicly ruled out the kind of negotiated withdrawal that helped Assad recover Aleppo, Homs and other areas.
Chip Ganassi and Kyle Larson have a most unique relationship that transcends most other owner-driver unions.
When Larson won the A-Main last Wednesday at the Knoxville Nationals, it put him in the championship race on Saturday.
But Larson admitted a bit of hesitation when it came time to ask Ganassi for permission to fly from Michigan International Speedway after Saturday's final practice.
As it turned out, Larson finished a career-best second at Knoxville and followed it up with his third consecutive Cup win at MIS.
But there was a point in Sunday's race that Ganassi started questioning himself for allowing Larson to go to Iowa.
“I was questioning myself in the middle of the race,” Ganassi said. “I was getting ready to take a lot of heat in the media for that, if we didn't have a good day.
“I don't want to do something that'll slow him down, and you run the risk of that when you have a talent like that that wants to go drive other kinds of cars and things.
“I've never been a team owner that keeps my drivers from driving other types of cars. You want to do the best you can for the guy all the time and do what you can do.”
In a sense, Larson paid Ganassi back for his faith in him and allowing the Knoxville trip by winning Sunday.
“I think our guys saw the opportunity in front of them with how much exposure I could get if I ran the Knoxville Nationals. I think Chip also understood that,” Larson said. “There's been so much exposure this week behind me, and to run good at both races will hopefully help us in the search for a replacement sponsor at the end of the year.
NASCAR America analyst Jeff Burton concurred with Ganassi's ultimate decision.
“I think you have to let him race,” Burton said. “I think that when you have a guy like Kyle Larson's that's young, wants to go race other cars and has proven he can do both successfully, I think it's okay.
“But there will come a time that when it comes to winning a championship, Kyle needs to focus on what he needs to focus on. And if Kyle can do both and that makes him better on Sunday, then it's all good.
“What Chip has to decide is that what he does on Saturday night help him on a Sunday afternoon. If there's ever a question that it doesn't help him, then Saturday nights will cease.
“You have to be successful on Sunday afternoons if you want to continue your career. It hasn't been a problem yet, but if you start to see a decline and performance and those kinds of things, I think they'll have to have a conversation.”
On another front, Larson and Ganassi are almost like son and father, rather than driver and owner.
That's why with such a close relationship, Larson would likely never go anywhere else because Ganassi gives him so much latitude.
But admittedly, even with their relationship, Larson was still a bit nervous when it came time to ask Ganassi if he could race Saturday night in the sprint car main event in the Knoxville Nationals, where he eventually finished a career-best second place.
Ganassi's reaction when Larson won Sunday was one of the best seen in NASCAR in a long time.
Not only did Ganassi almost choke crew chief Chad Johnston in joy, he practically gave Larson a concussion when he hit him in the head, also in joy, on the front stretch.
Watch our crew's analysis on that, as well, and their thoughts on where Ganassi's reaction ranks among other celebrations this season.
Vanderbilt quarterback Kyle Shurmur (14) is sacked by Florida defensive lineman Jabari Zuniga, left, and defensive lineman Jachai Polite during the first half of an NCAA college football game in Gainesville, Fla. Vanderbilt coach Derek Mason challenging his offensive line to play better hasn't helped the Commodores run the ball better, and now they host No. 5 Georgia. John Raoux AP
At approximately 7:00am this morning a man named James T Hodgkisson (66) opened fire on a group of republican congressmen, staff and associates who were practicing for an upcoming congressional baseball game. (Details)
The dramatic eye-witness video (and audio) below captures most of the event:
Advertisements
Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef she recruited from the country club she owns in Southern California to cook “black people food” — not “white people food” — at her rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing her of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told him fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West “safaris” on ATVs at her Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges he was fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. He says Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line.
Among other things, he says Pickens, who is white, instructed him to terminate two other black kitchen staffers — one she referred to as her “bull” or “ox” and another who had “too much personality.” He says she told him they didn't “look like people we have working at the country club” and didn't “fit the image” of the staff she wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of her comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks “reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity,” they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. She dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' nonprofit, Save America's Mustangs.
“It takes a lot to prove these allegations,” Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to “black people food.”
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, she said.
“The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense,” Lane argued in earlier court documents. “This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for ‘black people food' rather than a racial anima against ‘black people' or ‘black people food.'”
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees “not fitting in” reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before she hired him for a 5-month stint in Nevada.
“In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like ‘they do not fit the image,'” Williams said in court documents. He added the use of the words “ox” and “bull” implies ownership of property, given “America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners.”
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and “was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs.”
“Indeed, Appling does not allege that he ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the ‘N-word,'” she wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the “plain meaning of words” while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about “African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animus.”
“If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect his work environment,” the judge said.
Everything you need to know about the second season of US drama This Is Us
The first season of family drama This Is Us was a hit in the States, and its humour, positivity and emotion have ensured it has a following over here, meaning UK viewers will please to know its returning for a second series.
Advertisement
Here's everything you need to know about season two…
When is This Is Us season 2 on TV?
The show airs on More4 on Wednesdays at 9pm.
What is the show about?
This Is Us follows three siblings, two related by blood, and one adopted into the family. Kate (Chrissy Mtz) and Kevin (Justin Hartley), two surviving triplets, are joined by Randall (Sterling K Brown) – an abandoned black baby who is adopted into the otherwise white family.
The programme flits between the present day and the triplets' childhood in the 1980s. It delicately tackles issues such as Randall's troubles with his own identity and the problems people face as they approach middle age.
The second season carries on where the first left of, with each sibling beginning to understand and tackle their own personal problems, while flashbacks include the tragic circumstances around the death of their father Jack (Milo Ventimiglia). There's a new arrival in Randall's life, Kevin makes a huge career step and the season culminates in Kate's wedding – but will she go through with it?
Advertisement
This Is Us is showing from Wednesday 4th July
FAIRMONT, W.V. — This reliably conservative state hasn't been a presidential battleground for decades but it's shaping up to be an important hotbed for the 2018 midterm elections and, possibly, the battle for control of the U.S. Senate.
When President Donald Trump made his way to White Sulphur Springs on Thursday for the annual congressional Republican retreat — his third visit to West Virginia since being inaugurated — he shined a spotlight onto one of his most reliable and supportive strongholds, one that also happens to be a top Republican 2018 campaign target.
In the middle is Sen. Joe Manchin, a familiar figure in a state where he was also a twice-elected governor. But 2018 is a hard time to be a Democrat in this solidly red state and the GOP sees him as a key target, one of ten Senate Democrats up for re-election this year in a state won by Trump.
Manchin's delicate position was evident this week when Vice President Mike Pence used his appearance at the GOP retreat to attack the senator for failing to vote for the GOP tax bill passed late last year.
.@Sen_JoeManchin voted no to give working families more of your hard-earned money. Joe voted no on tax cuts. Joe voted no time and again on the policies that West Virginia needs. #JoeVotedNo pic.twitter.com/uV7SdAa2q8 — Vice President Mike Pence (@VP) January 31, 2018
Manchin fired back:
The VP's comments are exactly why Washington Sucks. I'm disappointed in his comments but will continue to work to make Washington work so #WV & our country work. — Senator Joe Manchin (@Sen_JoeManchin) January 31, 2018
With the midterm election already well underway, West Virginia will test the rigidness of party ideology, the dedication of President Trump's base, and whether there's still room for middle-of-the-road politicians like Manchin to survive on a polarized national stage.
Manchin has not been a stranger to the White House since Trump's election (he was floated as a potential pick for Secretary of Energy and then voted for a number of Trump's nominees, including Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorush, but voted against the GOP health care bills and tax plan).
But this year, the senator is competing to win what could be the race of his political life while also trying to navigate the treacherous waters of Washington's political debates.
He was on center stage in the middle of the recent government shutdown as a primary Democratic player trying to bring opposing sides together and pass a funding bill. And he has found himself in the position of trying to bridge together both parties on immigration policy while simultaneously acknowledging that the issue isn't of utmost priority to his voters.
“The immigration issue has not been a hot topic in the state of West Virginia,” Manchin said on Sunday's “Meet The Press.”
“People are concerned, and people want security, and they want to have good opportunities and jobs and on and on and on like everybody else. But it's not been of high concern.”
Since the shutdown, Manchin has repeatedly said Washington, D.C. “sucks,” but last week affirmed that he will indeed run for re-election this year because he's “trying to make it better.”
Assuming Manchin gets through his primary, he is likely to face one of a number of Republicans vying for their party's nomination, including state Attorney General Patrick Morrisey, U.S. Rep. Evan Jenkins, or Don Blankenship, a former coal baron who went to prison in the wake of a 2010 mine explosion. The Cook Political Report has rated the general election as a toss-up.
To win this year, Manchin will have to prove to the voters who have known him for years that he's still the centrist deal-maker he says he is while also winning over a large swath of his constituents who voted for President Trump.
Shifting West Virginia
Democrats haven't won a presidential election in West Virginia since Bill Clinton in 1996. In 2016, it was the site of Trump's largest election margin in the country, when he defeated Hillary Clinton here by 42 points.
If there's one part of the region that signals the state's shift to red, it's Marion County, where Manchin grew up. The senator was born and raised in Farmington, a small coal town in the northern section of the state that's just outside of Fairmont, the state's 7th largest city, nestled on a hilly landscape right on the Monongahela River.
Marion County voted for the Democratic candidate in 19 of the 20 presidential elections between 1932 and 2008. In 2008, Barack Obama only won the county by .4 percent of the vote, and then in 2012, Mitt Romney won the county by 14 percent. By 2016, it wasn't close. Donald Trump easily won the county over Hillary Clinton by 33 percent.
The region is relatively rural, and many residents have been in the area their entire life. In the 2010 census, the county was 94 percent white, with a median income for a household of $38,115 — not far off from the state's numbers as a whole.
Voters here this week offered a vast variety of grades for President Trump, and most were familiar with their senator, many even noting personal experiences they've had with him over the years.
Taylor Sutphin, who lives in Fairmont and works in the packing and moving business, considers himself mostly a Republican and is thankful for the Trump administration rolling back some regulations he felt were hindering his industry.
Trump is “probably not the best president that we've ever had,” Sutphin told NBC News, “but some of the stuff that he's done when it comes to deregulating DOT makes it a lot easier on my end." Manchin, meanwhile, is “a good guy,” he said. “I can't say anything bad about him because I've done a lot of work for the Manchins. So, they're good people."
Jeff Fleming calls himself a “conservative Democrat,” and praised Manchin's job as senator in an interview this week. “It's hard right now to be a Democrat in this country because they've tagged it with the far left and that's not necessarily the case with West Virginia Democrats. West Virginia Democrats used to be traditionally conservative, and I think that's where he stands, and it's kind of where I stand.”
When it comes to the president, the “jury's still out,” Fleming said. “I haven't drawn a conclusion on him yet. I know he's gotten a lot of bad press but we'll see how his policies go. I'll give the guy time.”
Doyle Cowger, a retired coal miner who has lived around Fairmont all his life, didn't like Trump or Hillary Clinton in 2016 but told NBC News that he felt Clinton was the better option of the two. He felt the sentiment around his region largely changed during the last election.
The president “knows the right things to say to get elected in this state, but he didn't say what I liked,” Cowger said. “And I'm a coal miner and I still don't like what he said.” Cowger voted for Manchin before and plans to again. “He's working on pensions for the minors and the other labor people and looks out for old people, or seems to.”
If Manchin loses this fall, it could be partly because of voters he's won before that he could not keep for another round. This year, Republicans believe they have extra ammo to unleash in the fight for this seat, including Manchin's support for gun background check legislation in 2013, and his votes last year against President Trump's top legislative priorities.
Carson Zickefoose, a paralegal from nearby Shinnston, “couldn't be happier” with the president, and is one of those voters Republicans know they might have reached. He's a registered Republican, but Zickefoose calls himself a “conservative first."
He said he voted for Manchin twice as governor but probably won't vote for him for Senate this year. “He talks a lot about wanting to work with President Trump and wanting to be part of the solution," he said in an interview.
"But he's voted against absolutely everything that Trump's put up."
PULLMAN, Wash. — Washington State leading scorer Robert Franks has decided to withdraw from the NBA draft and will return for his senior season.
Franks, the Pac-12's Most Improved Player last season, announced Wednesday that he would return.
Franks declared for the draft in March but did not hire an agent. His return is good news for Washington State, which lost Drick Bernstine to graduation and point guard Malachi Flynn to a transfer.
Last season, Franks averaged 17.4 points and 6 rebounds per game. He was an honourable mention All-Pac-12 selection.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
FILE - In this Monday Nov. 27, 2017 file photo, Britain's Prince Harry and his fiancee Meghan Markle pose for photographers in the grounds of Kensington Palace in London. A dramatic ball gown, or a classic, simple silhouette? Sleeves, or bare shoulders? With less than a month to go until she marries Prince Harry at Windsor Castle on May 19, Meghan Markle most likely has already chosen her wedding dress - though what it looks like is expected to remain a top secret until the last minute. Matt Dunham, file AP Photo
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — The American Samoa Government voted “no” on all four recommendations relating to the Large Vessel Prohibited Area (LVPA), at last Friday's final day of the three-day 172nd meeting of the Western Pacific Regional Fishery Management Council in Honolulu.
Department of Marine and Wildlife Resources director, Va'amua Henry Sesepasara, the ASG representative on the Council, made known ASG's vote way in advance of the discussion and vote that was postponed from Thursday, following Va'amua's request to allow him time to talk to his colleagues back home on the recommendations.
According to the meeting's agenda, the Council was to take action on the LVPA — after conducting public hearings late last year and presentations of recommendations from the advisory panels of the Council made last week. The move is to reduce the size of the LVPA to help the struggling US flagged longline fleet based in American Samoa.
But instead, the Council on Friday delayed final action on an amendment to modify the LVPA, until its 173rd Meeting on Maui, Hawai'i, from June 11-14.
DISCUSSION
When the LVPA recommendations were taken up, Va'amua explained that he had spoken the night before with the “legal team” in American Samoa and “we had a good conversation about it.”
To sum it up, “there are common grounds” for agreement of both sides; however, “we cannot agree” to the recommendations, he said, adding that the advice given to him was that “because there is ongoing litigation” on the LVPA, ASG is not supportive of all the recommendations.
“To be sure, the ‘no vote' is based on, [that] there is on-going litigation?” Council chairman Edwin Ebisui Jr., asked for clarification, and Va'amua responded that “there are some common grounds” on the recommendations but “we did not agree with all” of them.
A request was made to read the recommendations in their entirety, followed by discussion and then carry out the vote.
“I've been advised by the legal counsel [of] the government of American Samoa, the vote will be no,” on all the recommendations, said Va'amua, adding that the Council can move forward with its discussion and vote but reiterated his vote is “no”.
Ebisui said he didn't want to put Va'amua “on the hot spot” but there needs to be “some kind of resolution.”
“I think it's critical, very important, that we understand where the American Samoa Government's coming from [to see] if we can address those concerns,” Ebisui said, noting that it's wonderful there are areas of agreement, but “work on what we don't have agreement on.”
Va'amua responded that, “I've being advised, that [it's] safe for us to say ‘no' on all the issues, because there's litigation, that's ongoing now. And they didn't want me to say anything that would (put) the American Samoa government situation (at a) disadvantage in the litigation.”
Ebisui responded, “I think the American Samoa government's contributions to the definition of cultural fishing practices is a big piece of the puzzle”, and it makes it “very difficult if the government just takes the position that ‘we're just going to say no and we're not going to tell you why'.”
“That's what I'm trying to address. I'm trying to do it diplomatically. But I also understand, and I don't want to put you in a hot-spot Henry. To the extent you can, it's greatly appreciated, if you could articulate the reasons for the ‘no vote',” Ebisui pointed out.
However, Va'amua continued to say that ‘I'm being advised by our legal counsel to say ‘no'.
US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Office of General Counsel for the Pacific Islands chief section, Fred Tucher, reminded Council members of the “litigation”, which he says “it's a record review of a prior decision” on the LVPA exemption 2016 final rule.
“That record is completed, it is closed and that record” — along with the Honolulu federal court's decision on the 2016 final rule — is before the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, Tucher said and explained that the Council's current action, is to address the lower court's decision, and to take into account the preservation and protection of cultural fishing.
“I just wanted to make sure that everybody understands when referred to litigation, this issue that you're acting on, is a related rule but it's not the rule that's in litigation,” he said.
Christinna Lutu-Sanchez, another American Samoa member on the Council, asked if perhaps the legal counsel — as referred to by Va'amua — offered alternate language that's agreeable regarding the LVPA amendment.
While there was no suggested language offered by the legal counsel, Va'amua reiterated that there are “common areas for agreement” in the recommendations but — again — not all of them.
One of Hawai'i's members on the Council, Dean Sensui notes that “as an outside observer, I can see that this is a very large shared resource, and considering the economic situation… in American Samoa, it would be kind of nice if all parties come to a reasonable agreement… for something that would be workable for everyone that would really help the people of [American] Samoa.”
Another American Samoa member on the Council, Taotasi Archie Soliai, inquired of Va'amua if there are certain parts of the text of the recommendations that can be removed that would be acceptable.
Va'amua responded that “there's not been any written statement [from ASG] to say that, ‘this is what we want',” and repeated again that there is “common interest to both parties” in part of the recommendations, except that the entirety of the proposed recommendations are “not acceptable.”
The Council then moved on to read each recommendation, followed by discussion and vote — where Va'amua's cast a “no vote” on all of them.
Samoa News will report in tomorrow's edition, on more comments from Council members — including American Samoa's members — during the discussion of the four recommendations:
• Council reiterates its previous recommendation that it supports all fishing activities that occur in American Samoa waters and within US exclusive economic zone. The Council recognizes that the longline fishery, which targets albacore for landing at the local cannery, has experienced poor economic conditions for over a decade and dozens of vessels have left the fishery. Remaining longline vessels continue to face declining catch rates and increasing operating costs, and available information indicates that the current LVPA restricts fishing operations and adversely affects efficiency.
• Council also recognizes that alia fishermen who troll for yellowfin, skipjack and wahoo perceive that their fishing would be harmed if LVPA regulations are modified; however, available information while the 2016 LVPA Rule was in effect shows no adverse impacts to the catch rates of pelagic troll vessels, including alias.
• LVPA issue has resulted in disagreement within the American Samoa fishing community and is the subject of litigation between the governments of American Samoa and the United States. The Council notes that last year's court decision requires the consideration and protection of American Samoa cultural fishing. To this end, the Council requested that Pacific Islands Fisheries Science Center (PIFSC) conduct research on American Samoa cultural fishing to facilitate understanding and potential impacts under a changed LVPA. The Council notes that all fishing in American Samoa has cultural importance, whether longline, alia vessels, other small vessels, because catch from these vessels is flowing into the community for cultural purposes.
• On July 6 and Nov. 11 of last year, the Council requested consultation with the Government of American Samoa on preserving and protecting cultural fishing under a new LVPA Rule. Consistent with this request, the Council requests that the American Samoa Government consider all relevant information, including the PIFSC research paper, available data on fishing impacts under the 2016 LVPA Rule, and input from longline and alia fishermen and other stakeholders, and identify an option consistent with the Magnuson Stevens Act that might resolve this disagreement. The Council requests that the American Samoa Government forward its recommendation to the Council by May 30, 2018 or sooner for action at its June meeting.
Chinese businessman Jisheng Gao has completed a takeover of Southampton, club owner Katharina Liebherr said in a letter to fans on Monday.
"Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together," Liebherr said.
Although no details of the deal were released, local media reported that Gao had purchased an 80% stake for around £120m.
Liebherr said she had built up a close relationship with Gao's daughter Nelly Gao, who local media said would join the board.
The Premier League approved the takeover by Gao's company in June, and the deal takes to 28 the number of European clubs now under Chinese ownership.
Seven of those are British: West Bromwich Albion, Birmingham City, Aston Villa, Wolves, Reading and Northampton are the others, with Manchester City also 13% owned by Chinese.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "18","recurring_event": "703","competition": "519","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6831595","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "18","recurring_event": "703","competition": "519","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6831595","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "18","recurring_event": "703","competition": "519","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6831595","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.se","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "18","recurring_event": "703","competition": "519","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6831595","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.se_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Of course ABC and its parent company Disney were right to cancel the sitcom “Roseanne” after its eponymous star, Roseanne Barr, wrote a racist tweet. There are necessary taboos and essential decencies in every morally healthy society. Writing that Obama administration aide Valerie Jarrett was the baby of “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes” violates these in the foulest of ways.
This is not a First Amendment issue. Constitutional rights are what you're entitled to in the public sphere, not as an employee of a private corporation. Barr's speech has not been curtailed; she remains free to opine (and mostly free to tweet) to her heart's content. She's just not free to do so while getting $250,000 a show from an employer whose reputation she stained and whose values she traduced.
This is not a “free speech” issue — using “free speech” in the broader, less legalistic sense of the term. The University of Chicago president, Robert Zimmer, has made the case that institutions like his, though not strictly subject to the First Amendment, should nonetheless encourage the free and vigorous exchange of ideas for the sake of fostering intellectual excellence. That's right. But what Barr tweeted wasn't an idea. It was a slur.
This is not a “double standards” issue. With his trademark combination of puerile self-pity and fang-toothed nastiness, Donald Trump took to Twitter on Wednesday to denounce Disney's chairman, Robert Iger, for not apologizing to him for the “HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC.” But he's the ultimate public figure, whereas Jarrett is a private citizen subjected to unprovoked racial attack by an ABC employee. That the president fails or refuses to appreciate the distinction is the thousandth reminder of his unfitness for office.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Police are responding to a pedestrian struck in the California neighborhood.
The call came in around 8:50 p.m. of a pedestrian struck at 15th Street and Broadway.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
That person's condition is unknown at this time.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Harvey Weinstein faces three new felony sex crime charges in New York, including two with a potential maximum sentence of life in prison. The disgraced movie mogul has been indicted on one new count of criminal sexual act in the first degree and two counts of predatory sexual assault, Manhattan D.A. Cyrus Vance Jr. announced today, as Deadline reports. Predatory sexual assault, a charge brought against those accused of repeated sexual assaults, carries a sentence of 10 years to life.
Weinstein, 66, was previously indicated on three sex crime charges stemming from allegations by two women and already faced a maximum of 25 years in prison. Today's new charges stem from a third woman, who accuses the producer of forcibly performing oral sex on her in 2006.
“A Manhattan Grand Jury has now indicted Harvey Weinstein on some of the most serious sexual offenses that exist under New York's Penal Law,” Vance Jr. said in a statement to media. “This indictment is the result of the extraordinary courage exhibited by the survivors who have come forward. Our investigation continues. If you are a survivor of the predatory abuse with which Mr. Weinstein is charged, there is still time to pursue justice. Please call us at 212-335-9373.”
Weinstein pleaded not guilty to the original charges after turning himself in to authorities in May and is reportedly expected to do so again. He's currently out on $1 million in bail.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Father John Misty reunited with claymation master Chris Hopewell for the “Please Don't Die” video. In the clip, we are greeted with a disillusioned, hungover Josh Tillman considering the wreckage of his life in the form of a graveyard of empty wine bottles strewn across his hotel suite before the floor splits and he is swallowed into the bowels of hell.
Granted, hell doesn't look that bad. Clay Tillman gets to enjoy what looks like a relaxing boat ride down the river Styx and participate in a skeleton dance party that wouldn't look out of place in Army of Darkness. All the macabre stuff is fun and all, but the image of the toilet stuffed with empty liquor bottles and other garbage in the beginning might be the perfect encapsulation of 2018.
Hopewell previously created a dystopian hellscape in the video for “Things It Would Have Been Helpful to Know Before the Revolution” off of FJM's 2017 album Pure Comedy. Father John Misty's new album God's Favorite Customer comes out Friday, June 1. He's currently on a world tour.
Body Sizing Variation...Why?? Hoping someone can help me out. I have been using a batch of LC11 308 cases sorted by 1 grain extreme spread by weight. Did every prep step to them but neck turned.
I sized in a RCBS FL die initially when purchased, and now I use a Redding Body Die and a Lee collet die.
I've noticed that every now and then I'll get a case that doesn't have the shoulder pushed back as far as others. IE I strive for 1.622"-1.624", and every now and then I'll get one at 1.628"-1.630". I know I'm being as consistent as possible with lube and press arm pressure.
Is this enough variation to worry about? If it is, what steps should I take to try and reduce headspace variation? I've been doing a lot of practice at 600 yards and want to reduce as much variation as possible.
Thanks for the input!
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) The New York Jets have re-signed backup linebacker Julian Stanford, three days after releasing him.
The team also announced Monday that cornerback Marcus Williams has signed his restricted free agent tender, worth $2.75 million.
Stanford played in nine games for the Jets last season, including three starts in place of the injured Darron Lee. The former Wagner College star, who has also spent time with Jacksonville, Detroit and Tampa Bay, had 28 tackles before finishing the season on injured reserve with an ankle injury.
Williams has a team-high eight interceptions over the past two seasons. He has started 14 games in three years with the Jets and is a possible replacement for Darrelle Revis in the starting secondary.
Williams was signed by Houston out of North Dakota State in 2014 before being cut during the preseason and signed to the Jets' practice squad.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Glo-CAF Awards : Diamond Platinumz, Femi Kuti, Flavour To Perform
Top music acts from different parts of African continent have been lined up to entertain guests, VIPs and members of the football community at the 2016 Glo-CAF Awards gala holding in Abuja, Nigeria on 5th January, 2017.
Prominent on the list is afro beat musician and son of late Fela-Anikulapo Kuti, Femi Kuti. Others are Nigerian recording artist, dancer, songwriter, and performer, Chinedu Okoli, popularly called Flavour N'abania, Diamond Platinumz, a Bongo Flava recording artist and singer from Tanzania and one of Nigeria's most prominent female singers, Omawumi. Also listed are South African chart busting electric soul singers, Muffinz, Sessime, a songwriter, performer and singer, generally regarded as the new star of afropoprock in Benin Republic, and Nigeria's Afro-pop singer, Yemi Alade.
Femi Kuti who started his own Positive Force bands in 1986 is renowned for a percussive blend of jazz and funk to his music. Diamond is best known for his hit song “Number One” which kept him on top of the chart for a long period. He is very influential among his fans, and is said to be the most loved and decorated Tanzanian artist at the moment.
Flavour, the prolific Nigerian recording artist, dancer, songwriter, and performer will also add colour to the night.
Sessime (Bidossesi Christelle Guedou) is a leading musician from Benin Republic and has to her credit many albums including “Wazakoua ” meaning save the children.
Also billed to perform at the event is Nigerian singing sensation and Glo Ambassador Omawumi.
Other acts billed to perform at the show include the South African group, Muffinz who have unleashed at heir beautiful world of eclectic soul music on the South African public.
Yemi Alade is a Nigerian Afro-pop singer who made her musical debut in an all-girl group called Noty Spices in 2005, but her music became widely popular after she won the Peak Talent Show in 2009.
All these artistes will be joined by the duo of Nigeria's top Disc Jockey, DJ Jimmy Jatt, who will delight the guests with good music.
Globacom said an exciting and interesting night awaits guests at the 2016 Glo CAF Awards. The 2016 Glo –CAF Awards will be transmitted live between 8.15 pm and 12.am on Supersport Channel 4 (204), SS 9 (209) and on GOTV.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Special memories and moments are the goal at the annual prom for special need students provided by the Lake Norman High School Friends 4 Change Club, a club that promotes inclusiveness by students with and without special needs.
For Moorseville High School seniors Jennifer Carroll, 19 and Alex Heredeen, 20, the sixth annual Friends 4 Change prom, with a carnival theme, on April 13, was special and it wasn't because of the challenges they both face because of Down syndrome.
1 of 4 i
Boyfriend and girlfriend for a little longer than 2 1/2 years, this was the couple's second prom, and their last, as they would be graduating this year. After their grand entry to cheers from the student volunteers the couple made their way to the dance floor.
With a fast song playing, Carroll wanted to savor the moment with a hug. Heredeen quickly obliged with a big smile, but quickly reminded her they were there to dance as he joyfully made some of his best dance moves at the Charles Mack Citizen Center in Mooresville.
Grayson Baker, 17, Josh Bernadel, 18, and Korina Kempthorn, 18, have worked together for the past three years, as the club's three co-presidents, organizing the event. Bernadel said that one of the biggest obstacles is the timing. It has to be during a weekday, when caregivers can help transport the students.
“That usually means having it during the spring break,” he said.
Bernadel said that being president of the club has opened his eyes.
“Not only has it made me gain respect for a lot of these students with special needs, but it's also made me realize that these kids are no different from us and that we are equal, the same exact person.”
He admits that the day is for these students but he gets a lot out of it as well. “Just seeing their face glowing up and realizing that all the attention is on them is definitely really warming inside,” said Bernadel.
Having served about 300 guests last year, Bernadel said they expected 318, with students coming from every high school in Iredell County, including Lake Norman and Mooresville. More than 45 club members were on hand to make sure the students had a dance partner, if needed, and someone to share the experience with.
To go with the carnival theme, cotton candy machines, games, prizes, a fun photo booth and DJ with light show kept the students entertained for hours. Bernadel said local restaurants made sure that the celebrants had plenty to eat.
During a break from dancing, asked why their relationship had lasted so long, Carroll, who had been voted homecoming queen earlier this year, said, “He is cool and funny.” Heredeen replied, “She is so funny and talented, I really love her and she is really cute.”
Melanie Greenwheel, their teacher at Mooresville High School, said the couple are treated like celebrities. Carroll was voted homecoming queen her freshman year as well. “This school system is very inclusive, loving and open to all the kids,” said Greenwheel.
Realizing this would be the last prom he would organize, Bernadel said, “I've also loved seeing the smiles and the life-changing, life-long relationships that I have made with some of these kids, that I'll miss next year when I go off to college.”
Charlotte 49ers guard Andrien White, who had missed three games with a thumb injury, scored a team-high 23 points on 7-of-14 shooting in Thursday's loss to Alabama-Birmingham. He also had three steals. Benjamin Robson
WASHINGTON — The Latest on the trade dispute between China and the U.S. and plans for both sides to impose tariffs on each other's exports (all times local):
4:15 a.m.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, but Washington needs to join in that effort.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
Merkel told the German parliament Wednesday: “It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that.” She added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners.
——
11:00 p.m.
U.S. authorities are allowing China's ZTE Corp. to resume some business with American companies, temporarily easing part of a ban imposed over the tech giant's exports to Iran and North Korea.
The Commerce Department's order this week follows a settlement under which ZTE agreed to pay a $1 billion fine, replace its executive team and hire U.S. compliance officers.
The order said ZTE will be allowed to conduct business with American companies to maintain existing telecom networks and mobile phones and to support security features. The suspension lasts through Aug. 1.
ZTE suspended most operations after it was banned in April from buying U.S. components and technology. The company had been paying American suppliers an estimated $1.8 billion annually.
Now this truly is magic to my ears. It's official; bananas beat sports drinks hands down for the exercise bunnies amongst us. It's a good feeling when something you have been ranting on about for years gets a bit of bona fide scientific evidence behind it! In no way do I want to take the fun out of life by continually flagging up nutritional negatives and using words like don't, avoid, resist, remove, ditch, dodge, shun and exclude. After all, I am a paid up member of the 80:20 club; get it right 80% of the time and you can pretty much do what the hell you like for the other 20%. But, I have to confess to being a fizzy drink fanatic – fanatically against them that is. There are a few exceptions like champagne and beer but i'll come on to that in a minute.
The global sports and energy drinks market is massive and is expected to reach a staggering $52 billion by 2016. You've got to hand it to the marketing men – great job. And, those shareholders who bought into the market in the early days must be rubbing their hands in glee but from a health point of view they are still just sugary, fizzy drinks with a few added extras and a lot of claims on the bottle. Gatorade is the undisputed market leader and guess who makes it? Mr Pepsi Cola! Red Bull currently claims the silver and the two gentlemen who own 98% of the company are listed in the worlds‘ the richest list as having a net worth of a cool $5 billion each.
Back to bananas and the recent study. 14 cyclists were given either a 6% carbohydrate sports drink or half a banana every 15 minutes during two 75km cycling time trials. Blood samples were taken prior to the time trials, immediately after and one hour later and immune functions, oxidative stress, exercise-induced inflammation and levels of 103 metabolites were measured. Both the bananas and the carbohydrate drinks performed similarly with regard to changes in exercise-induced inflammation, oxidative stress and immune function but the cyclists who consumed the bananas had much higher antioxidant levels and dopamine levels (the feel good chemical) than the cyclists that consumed the sports drink.
Bananas have more protective antioxidants, more digestion-friendly fibre, more muscle-friendly potassium and more energy-giving vitamin B6 than sports drinks whilst also having healthier more easily-absorbed sugars like fructose and glucose whereas many sports drinks contain sucrose and/or the now recognised health-disrupting high fructose corn syrup (HFCS). If you were ever tempted to buy into the “bananas are fattening” hype, bin that notion now and get them into your kit bag. I can't leave this self-indulgent banana promotion without adding another of its benefits – fat loss.
Unripe bananas (not rock hard but slightly green about the skin) are rich in resistant starch, a type of starch that largely resists the normal digestive process and carries on down to the colon where it goes through a process that produces short chain fatty acids (SCFAs) which are protective of colon cells and associated with less genetic damage which can lead to cancer, increase mineral absorption; particularly calcium and magnesium which are important for heart and bone health and by feeding the healthy bacteria, growth of unhealthy bacteria and their toxic by-products is suppressed. Resistant starch also promotes a phenomenon known as second meal effect where the insulin response is controlled not just after consumption but also for hours thereafter and well into our next meal resulting in less fat storage.
So what about champagne and beer, they are fizzy drinks after all? Ultra brut, extra brut or brut sauvage champagnes contain no added sugar are quite dry and have a very low sugar content, usually less than 1.5% – and they are natural sugars – so if funds allow (or even better, if someone else is buying) go for the ‘bubbly' and make sure the word brut appears on the label. You can't have failed to notice that skinny celebs rarely drink anything else!
Hallelujah, the myth of the beer belly may finally have been laid to rest. The major source of calories in any alcoholic drink is the alcohol itself and because beer is in the drinks category with the lowest average alcohol content it is therefore amongst the lowest in calories. Let's not forget that rough stone-ground bread and beer were the staple diet in medieval times, providing a wealth of essential nutrients and lots of hydration (nobody drank water as this was long before purification techniques were in place and consumption was regularly associated with such killer diseases as cholera and typhoid).
Beer produced by the growing numbers of ‘real ale‘ enthusiasts contains just three ingredients; water, grains and yeast, provides significant amounts of magnesium, selenium, potassium, phosphorus and a load of B vitamins and studies continue to reveal that the so-called beer belly is purely a result of how many pints are downed in one sitting and how often (and probably combined with the snack-attack that often goes hand in hand with overconsumption and the ‘need' for a take-away on the way home after a few pints!)
I appreciate that the athletes who are wowing us with their speed and fitness at present during the London 2012 Olympics are not downing a pint of real ale before getting off the starting blocks and have you seen the lengthy lists of banned substances, both chemical and natural that could have them hiking back home in super fast time were they to be uncovered during the regular drug tests? Mind-boggling. Clearly, dedication, focus, training and endless hours of practice are the route to Olympic gold. However, most of us will never reach those heady heights of physical achievement and are not subject to drug testing so we can perhaps reach for the odd hydrating drink with a few little added extras – natural extras of course.
I make no apology for championing the enthusiastic beer boys at www.brewdog.com, a Scottish company whose passion and wit take beer drinking to a whole new level. I don't know them personally but their website and blog are hugely entertaining, they share my disgust at fast food companies and fizzy drinks manufacturers being the chief sponsors of major sporting events worldwide and who knows, one day I might meet up with them and have a couple of beers. On the back of the Olympic frenzy, they have produced a beer called Never Mind the Anabolics (cracking name) which is 6.5% India Pale Ale infused with creatine, guarana, ginseng, gingo, maca powder, matcha tea and kola nut (all natural performance-enhancing ingredients). Have a look, have a laugh, have a few and perhaps even run that extra mile in under four minutes!
Images reproduced from en.wikipedia.org, crimsonedgeevents.com and brewdog.com
© 2017 – 2016, City Connect News. Copyright Notice & Disclaimer are below.
Related articles:
The Barbz are beyond ready for Nicki Minaj to release her album, Queen. She pushed the release date back an entire month later, but promises it's for a good reason and Future can attest to that.
The “Chun-Li” rapper posted up a video of them in her studio, presumably on Memorial Day, and the Atlanta rapper said Queen is his “favorite album. It's f*cking amazing. This sh*t is crazy.”
There's no telling if Future is featured on the album, or if he just pulled up for an advanced listening session. Nicki is keeping all Queen details tightly under wraps. But she did tweet that she had a hook from an “epic artist,” then posted this throwback with Lauryn Hill on Instagram.
#Queen 👑🙏🏽🦄 A post shared by Barbie® (@nickiminaj) on May 27, 2018 at 1:34pm PDT
Will Lauryn and/or Future be featured on Nicki's forthcoming album? Maybe we'll find out more when she releases her second single.
Share
Discord has become the go-to service for players looking to chat with each other while they enjoy some PC games. Unfortunately, you can't use it on consoles, which has left the communities with few ways to communicate with each other. Now, Microsoft is looking to change that by partnering with Discord to offer account integration with Xbox.
In the not-too-distant future, Xbox players will be able to link their Xbox Live account with their Discord account from their Xbox One. A”link Discord account” option will be available in the account settings menu. All you have to do is enter the code you see on your Xbox One into your Discord account on PC, and your accounts will be linked. If you prefer, you can just enter your Xbox Live sign-in information on the Discord mobile or PC app, which will also link your accounts.
Once your accounts are linked, players in your Discord servers will be able to see the games you're playing on your Xbox One. Because of the crossplay integration with most Xbox and Windows 10 exclusives, this means you'll be able to quickly find players to game with, though it sounds like you can choose whether or not to show your Discord friends a particular game.
“If you are playing Sea of Thieves on your Xbox, you can now choose to give your Discord friends the ability to see that and decide whether they want to hop on their Xbox and join you,” said Xbox Live General Manager Daniel McCulloch.
The new connection features, which will initially roll out to Xbox Insider members before becoming available to the general public, don't enable you to actually talk in Discord chats with PC players. You'll still be using Xbox Live's chat service if you want to talk.
Crossplay support will likely come in handy next month, as State of Decay 2 is launching on both Xbox One and PC. It's an Xbox Play Anywhere game, so buying a digital copy for one system will automatically give you a copy for the other system, and it will also be included as part of Xbox Game Pass on launch day.
Music of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: GH Joy
2017-10-06
play videoRichy Rymz
The king of the youth, Richy Rymz brings to us the long-awaited music video for his latest release titled Medical Attention.
The song according to others is a diss to the AMG Rapper, Medikal but after listening to the lyrics and watching the video, we believe there is nothing like that from Richy Rymz.
Richy Rymz further showed his appreciation to Medikal for the support he has been showing him.
Let's enjoy the visuals for Medical Attention from below.
The video was directed by Palayblay.
Leaders of 28 countries are set to attend a Chinese summit next month showcasing President Xi Jinping's signature foreign policy initiative, but few will hail from major Western countries.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said Tuesday that Vladimir Putin of Russia, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan of Turkey and Spain's Mariano Rajoy are among those slated to appear next month in Beijing to discuss Xi's "One Belt, One Road" program to stitch together the Eurasian continent with infrastructure investment.
The May 14-15 summit is seen as a measure of China's international prestige at a time when Xi has positioned China as a rising outward-looking regional power, and as questions have arisen over President Donald Trump's commitment to maintaining the United States' traditional global leadership.
Wang said leaders from France and Germany will not attend due to their domestic election schedules, not because they snubbed China.
"This is a positive, cooperative conference, it shouldn't be politicized," Wang told reporters in Beijing, in response to a question asking if China felt insulted by the absence of top leaders from the U.S. and its allies, including Japan, Britain and Australia.
China has sought to frame Xi's vision for the China-led development program as an inclusive, mutually beneficial project rather than a statement of geopolitical ambitions that should arouse Western suspicions. The program aims to build roads, railways, ports and other infrastructure along the ancient Silk Road's maritime and overland routes with close to $100 billion in funding.
The program is closely linked to the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, China's version of a global financial institution that faced similar Western skepticism upon its formation last year. In the year since, the bank has succeeded in attracting U.S. allies as members, including Germany, Canada and Britain, although Washington continues to maintain its distance.
Xi unveiled the first outlines of his Belt and Road plan as early as 2013, but the inaugural summit next month will provide the Chinese leader the most high-profile stage so far to deliver a focused pitch to a world audience.
"This is an economic cooperation forum, an international cooperation platform that everyone is paying attention to, supports and hopes to participate in," Wang said, characterizing the summit as an effort to uphold globalization.
Aside from Putin, other Chinese allies including Pakistani President Nawaz Sharif and Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi will attend, as will Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, Wang said. British Finance Minister Philip Hammond will also attend in the place of Prime Minister Theresa May.
What started out as a speeding ticket ended up in felony drug charges for a California couple on Saturday morning, according to Sweetwater County Sheriff Mike Lowell.
At about 9:15 AM, a Sheriff's Office K9 team stopped a 2017 Chrysler Pacifica minivan on Interstate 80 for traveling 90 miles per hour in a 75 mph zone. The driver was identified as Nicholas Wyatt Haws, 24, of Rocklin, California, and his passenger as 22-year-old Rayna M. Quiocho, 22, of Citrus Heights, California.
Five large duffel bags in the minivan were found to contain about 106.92 pounds of marijuana packaged in vacuum-sealed bags. Haws and Quiocho were arrested without incident and transported to the Sweetwater County Detention Center, where they remain in custody pending an initial appearance in Circuit Court. Both are charged with Unlawful Manufacture or Delivery of a Controlled Substance.
Lowell said the Sweetwater County Sheriff's Office has adopted a policy of not identifying its dog handlers and their K9 partners by name in the media in drug cases due to incidences of threats elsewhere in the country against law enforcement officers and their dogs.
Saturday's arrests brings the Sheriff's Office's canine unit's marijuana seizures since late October to just under 800 pounds, with an estimated total street value of well over $4 million.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TV chef Simon Rimmer has revealed he will be taking part in this year's series of Strictly Come Dancing.
The Chester Food, Drink & Lifestyle Festival regular revealed live on his weekend morning show Sunday Brunch that he was the seventh celebrity to sign up for the BBC show which will air towards the end of the year.
Simon told his Sunday Brunch co-host Tim Lovejoy he had ‘never danced in my life', and joked that since becoming a father he had lost any coordination between the top half and bottom half of his body.
“I am so excited, terrified and proud to be invited to be part of Strictly 2017,” he said. “I've always been a HUUUUGE fan of the show. When I put on my sequins and hit the floor it will genuinely be my very first time dancing ballroom and Latin. Nobody will try harder, have more fun or get more out of it than me. I can't wait.”
Best known for co-presenting Sunday Brunch, Simon has presented and cooked on various food shows but regularly visits Chester for the city's Food, Drink and Lifestyle Festival where he can often be seen cooking up a storm.
In fact he loves Chester so much he's written a page called ‘My Chester' on his travel guide website, on which he recommends the best places to eat and drink in the city.
“You often take for granted those places of amazing beauty and history that you find on your own doorstep but thankfully my love affair with the city of Chester continues to thrive,” he writes.
“I was brought up in The Wirral but my dad used to work in Chester so I'd be over there quite a lot as a kid - I'm still there a lot now. I must visit once a month, at least; as a family we love it. It's a truly great English city. The river, the shops, the Rows, the pubs and restaurants, the amazing amount of family activities; it's a city for everyone to enjoy.
“People know their food in Chester and they don't take kindly to sub-standard offerings. It's a brilliant city to come and tickle your taste buds in.”
Simon joins fellow contestants Mollie King, Ruth Langsford, Richard Coles and Davood Ghadami on this year's Strictly.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Every few months — sometimes even weeks — it seems there's another one: a wide-ranging product recall based on concerns of listeria contamination. This week, Panera Bread announced it would recall cream cheese products sold in its U.S. cafes over possible listeria contamination. But what exactly is listeria? How does it breed and why are outbreaks so deadly?
After talking with a handful of experts, I've learned that this is one tricky food-borne pathogen. Which brings us to lesson number one, listeria itself is not a disease; it's a bacterium: listeria monocytogenes. “It's important to understand that listeria itself is not a medical disease — but can cause a disease process," says Dr. Runjhun Misra, DO, an internal medicine specialist in Oakland, CA. "When it leads to infection, that is called listeriosis."And you can get it when you eat something that has been contaminated with the bacteria.
Here are five things you need to know about listeria outbreaks.
1. Listeria Loves Certain Foods
And listeria (the bacteria, that is) is incredibly unique, or, in the words of Dr. Meghan May, associate professor of biomedical sciences at University of New England College of Osteopathic Medicine, "it is very cool, with a fascinating cell biology to it." Listeria bacteria behave similarly to mold, preferring moist conditions, and can be found in soil, water and some animals.
“Certain foods that are more likely to contain listeria include unpasteurized milk and cheeses made from unpasteurized milk, melons, raw sprouts, hot dogs, pâtés, lunch meats, cold cuts, and refrigerated smoked seafood,” Karen Wong, medical officer with the Centers for Disease Control' s (CDC) Division of Foodborne, Waterborne, and Environmental Diseases told NBC News BETTER.
It's odd that listeria can affect such a wide array of food types. Usually food-borne pathogens, like salmonella, which favors raw foods, are more particular, and easier to sniff out as potentially suspect. What about listeria makes it able to breed in both smoked meats and unpasteurized milk? It all comes down to temperature and environment.
About 30 percent of infected patients don't show any symptoms. About 30 percent of infected patients don't show any symptoms.
2. It's Okay In The Fridge, But Listeria Hates The Oven
"Listeria can grow at refrigeration temperature,” says May. “It can do that because it's used to living outside and not particularly bothered by [that level of cold].”
Though listeria can grow in the fridge, May notes that it does grow more slowly in the cold, which is why it's critical to make sure your refrigerator is set at “under 40 degrees Fahrenheit,” says Dr. Misra, adding that when you do your grocery shopping, make sure no refrigerated items are out for longer than two hours.
One condition that listeria can't endure is extreme heat. If you really want to be sure that bacteria is dead and gone, expose it to heat of “above 165 degrees Fahrenheit,” says Misra.
3. It Can Be Deadly, But For Many It's Not Harmful
If you are more or less in good health, young, and not pregnant, you may come into contact with listeria and not even know it.
“About 30 percent of infected patients don't show any symptoms,” says May. “The next biggest group [of those infected] have flu-like illnesses.”
If you fall among the latter, you'll probably just be miserable for a few days as you would with any stomach bug, but your body should be able to clear it up on its own and you might not require medical attention. But really, it's your body, your call, and if you're violently ill, you should go to the doctor just to be on the safe side. Also, if you do have listeriosis, you'll want the hospital to know so they can report it and be on the lookout for other cases.
Wong of the CDC notes that around 260 people die from listeriosis every year. Those who have the highest risk of fatal infection are older people (older than 50, Dr. May points out), people with HIV, cancer, diabetes, kidney disease, liver disease on immunosuppressant drugs or living with other immune problems, as well as newborns and pregnant women.
Dr. Misra explains that this high-risk group of people can come down with invasive listeriosos, “meaning the bacteria spreads beyond the gut. You may have a headache, stiff neck, confusion, loss of balance and seizures in addition to fever and muscle aches.” If you present any of these symptoms, it's imperative to get to the doctor or ER right away. You will likely be admitted to the hospital and administered antibiotics through an IV.
Pregnant women really need to be especially vigilant because, as Dr. May explains, they may fall in that 30 percent that have no idea they're infected — or they'll just feel like it's a particularly bad case of morning sickness. They may pull through fine, but they can unknowingly pass the infection on to their unborn child, which can be terribly tragic, leading to miscarriage or stillborn birth as well as health complications once the child is born.
“We worry about meningitis [in newborns] and also, when they're taking their first breaths, they may contaminate their respiratory tract with listeria if the mother is infected,” says May. “It's a very high-risk problem, but fortunately it doesn't happen often.”
In fact, May and the other doctors interviewed here note, it is for this very listeria-related concern that pregnant women are told to avoid high-risk foods such as raw cheese and deli meat.
4. Symptoms Can Take Months To Manifest, and Spur A Wide Investigation
Listeriosis can be detected in blood or stool cultures, but it's challenging to trace the source because the incubation period can be so long.
“The symptoms can take as much as 60 to 70 days to manifest,” says Dr Obianuju Helen Okoye, a public health physician and healthcare consultant in St Louis, MO. “The average incubation time is about three weeks.”
Once a patient is diagnosed with listeriosis, an intensive investigation begins, spearheaded by the department of public health.
While investigations of outbreaks can lead to recalls, there doesn't need to be a case of listeriosis for a massive product recall to take place. While investigations of outbreaks can lead to recalls, there doesn't need to be a case of listeriosis for a massive product recall to take place.
“They'll try to figure out the source to try and stop any possible outbreaks,” explains Dr. Okoye. “So they're going to ask a lot of questions about what the patient has eaten in the past month and where. Then they'll see if other people are reporting listeriosis and if they've had similar foods or been to similar places. It can be a long drawn out process.”
While investigations of outbreaks can lead to recalls, there doesn't need to be a case of listeriosis for a massive product recall to take place. In fact, most of the time product recalls are totally unrelated to outbreaks and carried out in adherence to the law of “better safe than sorry.” Also, nobody wants to get tied up in a lawsuit.
“Factories would rather issue a recall that then be in trouble,” says Okoye. “They have protocols they go through and they may realize that a certain protocol was violated, or that there was some other issue and so they can't take that risk.”
5. How to Keep Listeria Out Of Your Home
Doctors stress that there's no way to be 100 percent certain that you've eliminated listeria from your kitchen. But there are ways to reduce the risk. Avoiding unpasteurized products is number one, second to which are some common sense tips such as washing fruits and vegetables very thoroughly through running tap water, not allowing raw meat touch other foods, ensuring that cutting boards and cooking utensils are extremely clean (and that the knife you'd use to chop the raw turkey is not also used to chop the fresh celery). And of course, wash your hands like crazy.
If you happen to have a product on hand that has been recalled, Wong advises that you put it “in a closed plastic bag placed in a sealed trash can; this will prevent people and animals from eating it,” and to “wash the refrigerator or freezer drawer and other areas where the recalled product was stored using hot water and soap.”
To find out what's been recalled in your area, see the FDA's list of recalled products.
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Community Foundation of Collier County
Alanna Jaron, Amanda Jaron, Terry Fazio, Stephen Jaron
2018 Women of Initiative: (back row): Stacey Herring, Emily James, Amanda Jaron, Patricia Jilk, Jeanne Nealon, Brenda Melton, Debra Haley, Vick Tracy. (front row): Bunny Brooks, Judy Hushon, Wynnel Schrenk, Alice Arena
Brenda O'Connor, Kaleigh Grover, Lisa Spiller
Diane McGinty, Doreen Spidaletto, Nancy White, Maureen Lerner
Julie Chirichella, Anne Fleming, Peter Schuette
Katie Ahearn, Cindi Withorn
Mary Dee Neal, Judy Hushon
Patricia Jilk, Cindy Nelson, Craig Jilk
Willie Gorke, Barbara Teaford, Carri Kreisman, Arlene Shapiro, Lisa Freund
What: 2018 Women of Initiative Luncheon honoring women who make a difference through philanthropy and civic engagement
Who: 10 honorees and supporters of the foundation
Where: Naples Grande Beach Resort
Andrade has seen firsthand how potential employees hurt their chances of being hired by not being aware of their behavior the entire time. People have not gotten the job “because of chewing gum, no prep/research, being long winded, swearing … so many things [will result in] a quick ‘no' from a company. If you are out and about on the weekend and run into someone, make sure you keep it professional. Always treat the front desk person — and anyone else that you come across on the interview day — with the same respect you would the CEO.”
4. Poor follow-up skills
Once the interview is over and you've left the building, you sit and wait (and pray), right? Wrong.
Within 24 hours, send a follow-up note to thank the people who took the time to meet with you. This is key to staying front and center in their mind while they make their decision. Remember: they may have met with a dozen candidates that day, so it's easy for the list to become a blur.
“Make sure to send a personalized follow-up note. Personable yet professional; you have not closed them yet, do not get casual with the thank you,” says Andrade. “Avoid sending a mass thank-you email. Always send a customized thank you to each person you met and touch on something you two discussed in the interview to make it more personal.”
And be sure to establish timeline expectations before you even leave the interview room. “Being persistent is key, people are busy so stay in front of them, but also make sure to end the interview with a clear understanding of their timeline, any concerns they have about you and next steps for following back up.”
That way, if you know the hiring manager is heading on vacation and wont be back in the office for a week, you can avoid peppering their inbox with follow-up emails until they return. (And save yourself the agony of not hearing back.)
When should you throw in the towel and move on to pursuing the next opportunity? When they say no or after 30 days of silence, says Andrade.
5. Not negotiating
You successfully navigated the interview process and got the offer — congratulations! But you aren't in the clear yet. Now it's time to talk numbers. And having the salary talk can be more nerve wrecking than the interview itself – which is why many people don't have it at all.
A 2016 Glassdoor survey found that 59 percent of American employees did not negotiate their salary for their current job, and women and older workers were even less likely to negotiate their pay. But there is money being left on the table: a survey conducted by Salary.com found that an individual who fails to negotiate a first salary stands to miss out on more than $500,000 by age 60.
“Don't take the offer at face value, negotiate. But this is still a test: ask for too little, they will feel you don't value yourself enough, ask for too much, they may think you're greedy,” says Andrade. “There is a fine line, but if you're top tier, and you have done your research, it is usually [fair to negotiate] within the 5-10k range.”
People should not feel intimidated to negotiate: ninety-nine percent of the time the hiring manager is expecting this and usually there is wiggle room. People should not feel intimidated to negotiate: ninety-nine percent of the time the hiring manager is expecting this and usually there is wiggle room.
When asking for more money, it's imperative that you back up your request with tangible reasons why you deserve a higher offer. “The reasons should not be feeling-based, but always fact-based, like: I have a certain amount of experience, I am relocating from another area, or if there is a long learning curve/ramp time,” says Andrade. “Always have two or three reasons why you are asking for more. People should not feel intimidated: ninety-nine percent of the time the hiring manager is expecting this and usually there is wiggle room. Going into this, make sure to express your excitement about the company, and then do the ask: ‘I was hoping to get 5k more, and these three reasons are why I deserve that.'”
Many people fear that asking for more money may take their offer off of the table altogether, but Andrade says that shouldn't be a concern. “People have nothing to be afraid of with this ask. If you are in the negotiation stage and do the ask thoughtfully the company will never rescind the offer,” she says. If increasing the offer isn't an option for them, they will simply re-send their original offer for you to accept or decline.
Andrade also encourages us to remember that while the company that offers you $5,000 more right now may be the more tempting option, it's important to really ask yourself: “Is it inline with my five-year goals?”
At the end of the day, you're doing yourself a disservice by not knowing your worth in the marketplace and where your experience lines up, says Andrade. “Speak with a mentor. Trust their opinion, as they are experts and thinking bigger picture in your career versus thinking what you need in the now.”
GET MORE CAREER ADVICE
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
MEXICO CITY — Mexican authorities say they have rescued 300 Central American migrants being transported in dangerous conditions in multiple tractor-trailers.
A statement from the National Immigration Institute says two trucks were stopped at a checkpoint early Saturday in the northern border state of Tamaulipas, across from Texas.
Scanners detected people inside, and 198 migrants from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador were found packed in without proper ventilation and with practically no space to move.
A separate statement describes a similar discovery the previous day in the Gulf coast state of Veracruz. It said a truck was found carrying 102 Central Americans who “displayed signs of dehydration and suffocation” and whose lives were at risk.
Dozens of children were among the migrants in the trucks.
In a Friday, Jan. 2, 2018 photo, Mahmoud Dahroug helps a group of fourth graders write the Arabic alphabet, at Irving Elementary School in Bozeman, Mont. Bozeman Daily Chronicle via AP Rachel Leathe
Police confirm death of notorious Delta armed bandit
The Delta police command on Monday said its operatives had killed a notorious suspected armed robber simply known as “Tompolo”. The state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Andrew Aniamaka, who confirmed the death of the suspected robber, however, added that three of his accomplices escaped with bullet wounds. Aniamaka said police detectives from Enerhen division in Uvwie local government area near Warri, foiled a robbery attack following a distress call and in the ensuing gun duel, killed Tompolo, on April 9.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Spoelstra on Heat's trip to Civl Rights Museum in Memphis
Miami Heat coach Erik Spoelstra talks about the team's trip to the Civl Rights Museum in Memphis. Dec. 10, 2017.
It's that pesky World Cup again - here's when you can see episode 5 of the Channel 4 school drama...
What's this? A rogue episode of Location, Location, Location in the 8pm Tuesday slot where Ackley Bridge would normally be? That's right, it's that pesky football again…
Advertisement
You see, the World Cup doesn't just effect ITV and BBC, the broadcasters who are actually showing it – Channel 4 have decided that there's not much point putting one of their big dramas on a night when England are playing (up against Colombia in the last 16 at 6:30pm on ITV) because no-one will watch it. So they've shifted it in the schedules, meaning…
Ackley Bridge episode 5 will now air on Channel 4 at 8pm on Wednesday 4th July
Advertisement
Let's hope England make it worth the wait…
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
What will George get up to while Ross Poldark is away in London? And how is Demelza faring in Cornwall?
It's slightly jarring to see Ross Poldark away from his beloved Cornwall as he makes his maiden speech in Parliament – and explores the delights of London in series four episode three of the BBC drama.
Advertisement
New images for the eventful instalment reveal the Cornish captain dressed for his political debut, delivering an impassioned speech that gains him notoriety. And while in town he has time to reunite with a very grown up Geoffrey Charlies at the Vauxhall Pleasure Gardens.
Meanwhile, Demelza is kept busy as she and the men contend with a failing mine. We also get a first look at Dwight and Caroline's baby daughter, although Doctor Enys soon makes a troubling diagnosis.
George, meanwhile, is still sulking over losing to Ross, and decides to try and buy his way back into Parliament, throwing an extravagant party at Trenwith engineered to win over friends – and political power.
When Ross returns to Cornwall he discovers that much has changed. But will he ever be able to get back to life as he knew it? Let's have a sneak peek…
Advertisement
Episode three of Poldark series four will air on Sunday 24th June at 9pm on BBC1
Dolphins coach Adam Gase after win over Patriots
Miami Dolphins head coach Adam Gase speaks to the media after the Miami Dolphins defeat the New England Patriots 27-20 at Hard Rock Stadium on Mon., Dec. 11, 2017.
It's been a few years since the Motorola that we knew and loved was replaced by what I like to call Lenovorola. Gone are the quick updates, Moto Maker, and a lot of other things that made Motorola great; instead, we now have a ton of different models, super slow (or potentially nonexistent) updates, and strange-looking camera bumps.
But after using the Moto G5S Plus, I've warmed up a bit to Lenovo's Motorola. It's not perfect, but it's definitely usable as a daily driver, even for someone who typically uses flagship phones. The gap between the mid-range and the high-end is rapidly shrinking, and Motorola is jumping on that wave with the G5S Plus. Unfortunately, the combination of an inferior camera and a significant price hike make this phone a bit hard to recommend without its current discount.
Specs SoC Snapdragon 625 RAM 3GB/4GB Storage 32GB/64GB Display 5.5-inch 1080p LCD Battery 3000mAh Camera dual 13MP rear, 8MP front Software Android 7.1 Nougat Measurements 153.5 x 76.2 x 8.0-9.5mm Price $279.99 - 3GB/32GB, $349.99 - 4GB/64GB
The Good Design The metal body is all grown up, and makes the phone look and feel much more expensive than it is. Display 1080p is perfectly adequate, and viewing angles are great. Fingerprint sensor It's quick, and it can even replace the nav buttons. Performance Unless you're doing some serious gaming, it stays smooth. Battery life You'll have no problem making it through the day. Compatibility It's unlocked, and works on all major US networks.
The Not So Good Camera(s) They're nothing special, and are lackluster in some crucial respects. NFC It's not here, so if you use mobile payments, you're SOL. microUSB I still put the connector in upside-down every time. Price Its MSRP has gone up by $50 from the G5 Plus's, despite there not being many improvements.
Design and display
Six months ago, the Moto G5 Plus added a metal body, but it... well, it was ugly. There were no real contrasting elements on the back, making it look like some sort of mutant one-eyed fish. The S (which is supposed to stand for "special edition," by the way) adopts the generic metal-bodied design that devices like the older HTC One series and OnePlus's products use, and though it isn't anything special in that respect, it looks good. There are chamfers around both the front and rear, adding to the premium feel.
Looking around the phone, the G5 Plus owners among you may notice that the layout for buttons and slots is actually different. The headphone jack has been relocated to the top, and the microSD/nanoSIM slot to the left. Plus, there's now a dedicated speaker on the bottom, instead of the earpiece combo unit used on the standard G5. On the right side, we still have a textured power button sitting below a volume rocker. And on the bottom, we sadly still have a microUSB port. It works, of course, but in a world where almost every other phone is getting Type-C, this is an issue.
Up front is a 5.5-inch 1080p LCD display, which is the same size as the one on the G4 Plus before (Motorola went with a 5.2-incher on the G5 Plus this year). This one is topped by 2.5D glass, adding a premium feel. I only have good things to say about it; colors look good but aren't oversaturated, viewing angles are excellent, and it gets very bright, making outdoor use a pleasure. It's no Samsung AMOLED display, but at least you won't have to deal with burn-in issues like I do on my Galaxy S8+.
Oh, and we can't forget about the fingerprint sensor that sits right below the display. It's as good as a fingerprint sensor can get: easy to set up and quick to read. Plus, you can enable something called "One button nav" in the Moto app, which I'll get deeper into in a bit.
Camera(s)
Take one look at the back and you'll notice something interesting, especially for a mid-ranger: dual cameras. This is traditionally a flagship thing, but the tech is trickling down the market. Both sensors come in at 13 megapixels, and the dual sensors are used to create depth-of-field shots. On paper, this may sound like a big upgrade, but I'd much rather have one really good sensor than two subpar ones. Allow me to explain.
It all starts with the double-twist to launch, which is convenient as always, but the G5S Plus's camera is a bit slow to launch. When your viewfinder comes to life, you're greeted with a simple interface. Shots come out decently in regular light, but that's true of any phone camera these days. The big differentiators are the smaller things.
In regular use, I've found that the camera is prone to glare, especially if your lens is dirty (which it tends to get easily, thanks to the hump). It also frequently overexposes shots; this isn't a huge deal if you manually adjust the focus/exposure, which I usually do anyway. However, focusing takes a while, as there's no laser autofocus or dual pixel autofocus system like the G5 Plus had on board. At least the shutter is near-instant - that is, as long as you're not in low-light mode.
left: G5S Plus. right: Pixel.
And when you are, Motorola's low-light mode is virtually useless, as it not only requires a significantly longer time to take and process pictures, but also produces images that generally don't look any different. I took a shot in low-light mode that took forever to process, but taking the same shot in regular mode was near-instant, with little to distinguish the results. Either way, low-light images still come out darker and noisier than the camera on something like the Pixel - unfortunate, but expected for the price range.
left, middle: Depth-enabled. right: Normal.
Oh, and that second camera? It can produce a bokeh effect, but it's really nothing that you couldn't do in Google Camera's Lens Blur mode. Even when maxed out, you still can barely tell that the image was taken with two sensors. Plus, it takes a while to shoot, so you'd better have steady hands. Yes, the dual cameras are a good marketing bullet for Motorola, but I'd much rather the company have taken the time and effort to improve the main camera's quality overall instead.
Performance and battery
Like the G5 Plus, the G5S Plus has a Snapdragon 625, as well as 32GB and 64GB storage variants. But this time around, the 32GB model comes equipped with 3GB of RAM (1GB more than the G5 Plus's 32GB model); the 64GB stays with the more-than-adequate 4GB. My review unit is the 4GB/64GB version and has been very smooth overall, and I don't imagine the 3GB/32GB model being noticeably slower.
The Snapdragon 625 is perfectly suited for duty in this phone. Apps open quickly with smooth animations, and I really haven't noticed slowdown anywhere other than the camera. The 4GB of RAM in my unit does a great job of keeping a bunch of apps in memory, but I'm sure that the 3GB model would be sufficient in this regard as well. I'd say the only thing to watch out for is gaming performance; the Adreno 506 GPU just isn't very powerful, and it's noticeable in 3D benchmarks. For comparison's sake, the Pixel scores a 2331 in 3DBench; that's much, much higher than the G5S Plus's 464. Casual games should obviously be fine, but it's the heavier 3D titles you should watch out for.
Thanks in part to that Snapdragon 625, the G5S Plus and its 3000mAh battery have no problem getting through a day on a full charge. Of course, that's also attributed to the 1080p display and light skin. My use consists of social media, texting, web browsing, and some light gaming on mostly LTE and some WiFi, with occasional Bluetooth use. I was able to get between six and seven hours of screen-on time every day, which is squarely above average. This isn't an endurance champion, but it'll power you through a full day, and then some.
Charging is still done through a microUSB port, unfortunately. I get that it's so that people with microUSB cables aren't left in the dust, but come on; adapters are cheap, good USB-C cables are readily available, USB-C is already the mainstream, and it's just infuriating whenever you plug the microUSB cable in upside-down. Even much cheaper phones have USB Type-C these days. Motorola really needs to get with the times.
Software
I have very few complaints about the software on the G5S Plus. After all, it's pretty much just stock Android with Motorola's helpful additions sprinkled on top. It's also almost exactly the same as the G5 Plus's software, so if you know what that's like, feel free to skip this section entirely. In fact, the only difference I can see is a new ring around the software home button. But long story short: I like it a lot.
The launcher that Motorola opted for is a skinned version of Launcher3 with elements of the Pixel Launcher, such as the removal of the app drawer button and the "Search Apps" function in the drawer. The Google feed is even supported. But unlike the Pixel Launcher, there's no permanent Google pill or weather/date display. Motorola does include its signature circular widget that combines battery level, weather, time, and date into one compact, aesthetically-appealing package, so I've been using that. I also appreciate being able to turn the screen off just by holding down on the fingerprint sensor, as the power button sometimes isn't readily accessible.
Motorola's helpful additions are virtually all found in one central place: the Moto app. Here, they're grouped into two sections - Moto Actions and Moto Display. For Moto Actions, "Chop Twice for Flashlight" and "Twist for Quick Capture" are both familiar to Motorola devices, and they work as well as ever. I had an issue with the flashlight not turning on at all during my test period once, but a reboot fixed it. "Pick up to stop ringing" and "Flip for Do Not Disturb" are also pretty self-explanatory. "Swipe to shrink screen" lets you swipe from around the middle of the display to the bottom left or right corners to minimize it, but I feel like that gesture just doesn't make sense, as many people scroll down in that fashion.
What I found really interesting was the "One button nav" feature, which takes your three default Android navigation keys away and transforms them into gestures on the fingerprint sensor. This isn't new, but it's surprisingly good. To go home, you simply tap on the sensor. To go back, you swipe left on it, and to go to your recent apps, you swipe right. It's very straightforward, and very clever. Plus, if you keep holding on the sensor even after you get the vibration that indicates you can let go to put the phone to sleep, you activate Google Assistant. I'd say that the only downside is not being able to hold the recent apps button down to start multi-window, though that's not a huge deal. This system will take you maybe a day to acclimate to, and then you'll wonder how you've been living with all the lost real estate that software keys take up for all these years. It's that intuitive.
Moving on to the Moto Display section, there are only two options: Night Display and Moto Display. Night Display is Motorola's version of Night Light, and it really needs no introduction or explanation. Choose a specific start time and an end time, or have it activate based on sunrise and sunset. Moto Display is engaged when you move the phone, and a widget similar to the one on the homescreen comes alive with your battery level, the time, and the date. It's handy, but I miss the dedicated sensors on other Motorola phones that allowed you to just wave your hand over the screen to trigger it.
I only have one legitimate complaint, and that has to do with multi-window. It seems like Google and Samsung are the only OEMs that allow for window resizing, and that needs to change. For instance, if I'm watching a YouTube video on top and scrolling through Facebook on the bottom, I'm forced to have YouTube take up half the screen despite the video being in 16:9. And while it might not seem like closing that gap would add any additional usable space, it makes reading whatever's on the bottom a whole lot easier.
I suppose I'm also concerned about how long it'll take for this device to get Oreo given how slow updates have been since Lenovo took over, but that's another story.
Conclusion
The Moto G5S Plus is much more of an evolution than a revolution, but that's what we expected given the "S" branding. It brings a nicer metal design, an excellent display, smooth performance, a long-lasting battery, and close-to-stock software. The only real downside is the camera; the bokeh effect is a novelty, and it could use some work in the speed and low-light departments. In fact, I'd go as far as to call it a downgrade from the G5 Plus's due to the loss of dual pixel autofocus, which is very unfortunate.
Like with the G5 series, we're not getting the standard G5S stateside. The 5.5" display might be a little big for some, but I personally think the size is just right. My review unit is the $349.99 4GB/64GB model, but if it were my money and I had to have a G5S Plus, I'd go for the cheaper $279.99 3GB/32GB model. 3GB is enough RAM for a device of this nature, and the 32GB can be expanded upon with a microSD card (I have a 128GB card in mine).
This is still $50 more than the G5 Plus's pricing for both 32GB and 64GB models, which is a steep climb for a nicer exterior, a larger display, an extra gigabyte of RAM on the base model, and an arguably inferior camera. But as a launch promo, both storage tiers are $50 off, effectively making them the same prices as the slightly older model. That might sound like a good deal on paper, but the fact that Lenovo feels the need to discount a brand-new phone right out the gate this significantly really says something about its confidence in the MSRP. Perhaps it realizes that the $349.99 model is stepping on the toes of the $400 Moto Z2 Play.
If you need to purchase a phone now and can get that launch discount, I'd recommend the 3GB/32GB model at $229.99, but otherwise, I'm not so sure. The G5 Plus, which is still only half a year old, can be had for as low as $179.99 when sales are being run. Plus, there's still no NFC to be found, which is outrageous on this device in particular. I really don't understand why something that costs a few bucks can't be included on a device that is steadily moving upmarket, as evidenced by its $50 price hike.
I'm used to having flagship devices as my daily drivers, and despite its faults, I must say that the Moto G5S Plus gives the feel of a much more expensive phone. Of course, that can be attributed to the upmarket rise of the Moto G line. I used a Moto G4 Plus for a few weeks about a year ago and found it very impressive, but the G5S Plus takes it to a whole other level. If this thing had a better camera and better graphics performance, it might be staying in my pocket for another few weeks.
You can grab a Moto G5S Plus of your own from Best Buy, B&H, Newegg, or Motorola's site.
An explosion occurred during rush hour Monday morning near New York City's Port Authority, police said.
One suspect was in custody following the incident at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue, according to a senior NYPD official.
The Fire Department of New York said there was a total of four non-life-threatening injuries. Earlier, law enforcement officials told NBC News the suspect was the only person hurt and sustained a minor injury.
Three law enforcement officials said that the explosion was believed to be an "intentional act." The suspect had some sort of pipe bomb or other type of improvised explosive device that either went off prematurely or only partially detonated, the law enforcement officials said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Suspect of Manhattan bombing is in custody 2:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A federal law enforcement official said the man was wearing the explosive device. Officials don't know if it was a backpack, vest, or belt.
NYPD and FBI are investigating whether it was a lone actor with a lone incendiary device, or whether it was part of a broader plot. The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is also involved in the probe.
Former NYPD commissioner Bill Bratton said preliminary information indicated that the explosion was carried out by a man in his mid-20s who detonated the device in the name of ISIS.
"The preliminary information from three sources, and I emphasize my former word, preliminary, subject to change: It is a man in his middle 20s probably, possibly from Bangladesh. Been in the country about seven years, who was supposedly setting the device off in the name of ISIS. So definitely a terrorist attack, definitely intended," Bratton told MSNBC.
"As to whether the device malfunctioned or didn't function correctly, that'll have to be determined," Bratton added.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed NYC suspect inspired by ISIS: Fmr. NYPD commissioner 6:37 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The incident, in the heart of the city, caused chaos for morning commuters. Emergency vehicles that stretched for blocks rushed to the scene, causing major evacuations in the massive transit hub. Subway lines were thrown into disarray, with at least 10 bypassing the Times Square and 42nd Street/Port Authority stops.
Two students who were about to swipe into the subway said that they were trying to get to school when the explosion went off.
"I was about to swipe in my card and out of nowhere, we heard a really loud bang, everyone said 'get out, get out!'" Ali, 18, who declined to give his last name, said.
His friend, Saidou Choudhury, 19, said the explosion "sounded like it was deep inside."
"I was traumatized," he said.
Police respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday. Charles Zoeller / AP
Another commuter, Isham Chowdhury, was on a bus bound for Port Authority when the explosion went off. He said he got to the terminal about 10 minutes afterwards.
"They were closing the entrance due to the attack. Everyone was calm, but we knew it wasn't normal," Chowdhury said. "The escalators were shut."
The FDNY said they received a call about the explosion at 7:19 a.m. ET. The suspect was taken to Bellevue Hospital on Manhattan's east side.
The incident comes a mere six weeks after a truck driver deliberately drove down a bike path in lower Manhattan, killing eight people in the deadliest terror attack in New York City since Sept. 11, 2001.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal is the nation's largest bus terminal, with about 230,000 passengers passing through it on a typical weekday, its website says.
President Donald Trump was briefed on the incident, White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
RINGOES -- First rescued in Istanbul and then sent some 5,059 to New Jersey, Anka is described as energetic, insistent, with a personality bigger than him. Volunteers say you wouldn't know the cat is disabled at all.
Anka, estimated to be between 3- or 4-years old, was enjoying life in Turkey, where cats thrive as strays, when he was struck by a car and suffered a spine injury, resulting in a surgery that left him with four pins in his neck.
The long haired, white and brown cat never would walk again. But, according to those who got to know Anka and his determined personality, his journey has just begun.
In need of a sanctuary to provide for his medical needs, Anka traveled from Turkey to Manhattan with his "pet passport." The New York shelter was unable to care for the paraplegic cat, so a friend told Tabby's Place about the kitten.
"We knew we could handle him medically. There are very few places in the world that will accept a paraplegic cat," said Angela Hartley, development director at Tabby's Place. "We did knot that we were uniquely suited to care for him, medically and in terms of love."
State Police escort cow home after mooo-ving violation
Tabby's Place is a one-of-a-kind facility, serving as an adoption center, a hospital and hospice for ill cats to live their lives out. It's a safe haven for older cats, kittens with special needs and serves as a refuge of last resort for the animals.
Thursday was the sanctuary's 14th anniversary, said founder Jonathan Rosenberg. It has saved 2,500 cats, a third of those having special needs such as diabetes, blindness or kidney disease.
Anka is the 10th paraplegic cat Tabby's has accepted.
"When he showed up here, I can't tell you how happy he was," Rosenberg said. "It's phenomenal that they don't have any notion there's anything wrong."
He said Anka acts just like any other cat; he talks to himself, is extremely energetic and even outruns the employees by pulling himself with his front legs. Rosenberg said he's is one of the happiest cats he's seen, despite everything.
"Cats with disabilities seems to weather them better than people do. There are some things he can't do, but barely a disability. He really stands out," Rosenberg said.
Their egos are invincible, and cats have no sense anything is wrong with them, "inspiring us in that way," Hartley said.
The only time employees intervene with Anka is when he needs to go to the bathroom, since he does not have control over his bladder.
Anka need to go to devoted family willing to deal with the unexpected, and tenacious about doing everything he needs help with, Hartley explained.
Cats like Anka are prone to bladder and urinary tract infections.
"It's not your best starter cat. It could be very messy for a family with children," Rosenberg warned.
Hartley suggested those who wish to help Anka to virtually adopt him through the website, donating on a monthly basis to fund future surgeries, medicine, the time it takes to supervise him and other needs.
Anka should be made available for adoption in about three weeks, but if need be, he'll live out his life at Tabby's Place.
"He has as long as he needs here," Hartley said. "He has a safe haven."
Sophie Nieto-Munoz may be reached at snietomunoz@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @snietomunoz. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Have a tip? Tell us. nj.com/tips
The United States has the largest incarcerated population in the world, climbing from 600,000 to over 2 million in just a few decades. We also have the highest percentage of our population behind bars of any country. The people most likely to languish behind bars are Black, Latino, Native American, and poor. It's a legacy rooted in Jim Crow-era policies that continues in the thinly veiled racism of the war on drugs, as lawyer Michelle Alexander points out in her book The New Jim Crow.
But there's another number that dwarfs the prison population: Nearly 5 million people are under some sort of parole or probation supervision in the United States. That's a fourfold increase since 1980, according to a new report released this week by the Columbia University's Justice Lab. During that time, the requirements for people under judicial supervision have become more stringent. The number of conditions people must adhere to have increased, for example, as has the length of supervision required. As a result, many people wind up in jail—not for committing another crime, but for a technical violation of probation or parole conditions.
In fact, from 1990 to 2004, the rate of people on probation who were sent back to jail for non-compliance grew by 50 percent, from 220,000 to 330,000, according to the report.
This suggests a way to vastly reduce the rate of imprisonment in the United States, just by reducing the number of people who wind up in jail because of these technical violations.
In some cases, the infractions that send someone back to jail are as simple as coming late to a meeting with a parole officer or failing to make payments on a fine. Being a person of color increases the odds of winding up in prison for a parole violation, according to a study by the Urban Institute.
One of the most chilling reasons for being sent back to prison is failure to pay a fine or court or supervision fees, payments that can be out of reach for the low-income people most likely to be caught up in the criminal justice system.
In some jurisdictions, about 20 percent of those serving time were incarcerated because they didn't pay their criminal justice debts, according to a Council of Economic Advisors issue paper.
Consider the impossible situation faced by newly released inmates. Many are poor when they enter the system; along with their conviction comes fines and fees. As one example, in Washington state, these average $1,300 for a felony conviction, according to research by University of Washington sociology professor Alexes Harris.
Interest is charged on the original debt, and by the time an inmate is released, their debt may have grown quite large. Finding a job that pays enough to make payments on these debts is difficult after incarceration, especially since public housing and other services are denied to those convicted felons. This challenge is even greater for released inmates who are mentally ill, physically disabled, have a history of substance abuse, or have few social support systems.
“High fines and fee payments may force … difficult trade-offs between paying court debt and other necessary purchases,” says the Council issue paper. “Unsustainable debt coupled with the threat of incarceration may even encourage some formerly incarcerated individuals to return to criminal activity to pay off their debts.”
These fines and fees result in what is tantamount to debtors' prisons. They are expensive and counter-productive.
Which suggests a way out. The Justice Lab report proposes policies that would increase the chances that someone who has served their time will successfully transition to life after prison.
These policies include reducing the number of years of supervision on probation or after release. This could reduce the chances that a routine infraction would result in additional fines and jail time, and also reduce caseloads of overworked parole officers, who could then focus on providing support to parolees who are at risk of reoffending. Or we could shorten time on probation or parole based on “good behavior,” so people can work their way out of the system. And we could reduce fines and fees, so there is less financial pressure on people just as they are trying to regain their footing.
Van Jones, host of CNN's new segment The Van Jones Show and founder of #cut50, a national effort to cut in half the people behind bars, put it this way, according to a news release for the Justice Lab report: Now is the time to “reimagine how probation and parole can truly help people reintegrate back into society—rather than simply being a trap that leads to needless reincarceration.”
The Justice Lab report shows that jurisdictions that have taken this route have seen reductions in crime, reductions in spending, and fewer people locked up. A win-win-win, except for those who profit from the prison-industrial complex.
People use newly installed automated security lanes at McCarran International airport — one of the airports where an Oregon man made harassing calls, reporting family members as terrorists because they were invited to a family wedding and he wasn't, according to court documents. John Locher AP
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Kajon and colleagues collected details of adenovirus infections from 2011 to 2015 at colleges, in nursing homes and elsewhere.
“On the basis of the severity of the clinical presentation of some cases in this study, the (adenovirus) vaccine currently licensed for military use should be considered a potentially valuable resource to prevent disease in susceptible populations living in closed communities, such as college settings, summer camps, and long-term care facilities,” they wrote in a report published in the journal Emerging Infectious Diseases.
An outbreak of adenovirus killed 10 people in 2007. Kajon's team tested college students at one campus during the severe 2014-15 influenza epidemic and found 13 out of 168 students who came in for flu treatment had adenovirus infections.
Most patients may not suffer much, but the virus can cause very severe complications. Kajon and colleagues described the case of a 43-year-old woman from Rochester, New York, who was previously healthy but became infected in 2012 and quickly developed pneumonia and respiratory failure. During her hospital stay she suffered brain swelling and bleeding and stayed on a ventilator for more than a month.
A year later, she was still out of breath if she exerted herself.
There was also the case of a 26-year-old Connecticut man infected in 2011 who had nausea, vomiting and chills. He spent days in the hospital with adenovirus infection.
There have also been outbreaks in long-term care facilities. But most clinics don't test for adenovirus unless people are hospitalized with severe illness that isn't helped by immediate treatment, Kajon said.
“These reports are probably the tip of the iceberg. We need more surveillance,” she said.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention keeps a log of reported cases of adenovirus.
“Outbreaks are more common in late winter, spring, and early summer but can occur throughout the year,” the CDC said.
There were so many outbreaks among new military recruits that the Department of Defense vaccinates personnel against two of the more serious strains with an oral vaccine. Vaccination was stopped for a few years in 1999 and outbreaks soared again, but there haven't been many since the vaccine was re-introduced in 2011, the CDC said.
Kajon believes it should be more widely available,
“This is a vaccine-preventable disease,” she said. “A life is a life. Losing a loved one to viral pneumonia when you know it could have been prevented is hard.”
In the U.S., however, that requires catching the interest of a company that might want to develop such a vaccine commercially. "Unfortunately, it all comes down to the perception of having a market," Kajon said.
Adenovirus is not the killer that influenza is. Influenza kills 12,000 to 50,000 people a year in the United States alone, and puts up to 700,000 in the hospital. A cocktail of other viruses, from coronaviruses to rhinoviruses, also cause seasonal misery.
But Kajon said her studies show adenoviruse can be a significant part of the mix.
As with many viruses, there's not a good treatment for adenovirus, although the antiviral cidofovir has helped some people with severe infections.
And adenoviruses are very hard to kill. Reports indicate they can survive on plastic and metal surfaces— think countertops and hospital tables— for a month. Some formulations of alcohol and chlorhexidine do not kill them easily, tests have shown, although chlorine does.
YouTube has terminated hundreds of accounts and removed more than 150,000 videos from its platform after multiple big-name advertisers pulled ads over disturbing content involving children.
The Google-owned company also disabled comments for more than 625,000 videos targeted by child predators, and removed ads from nearly 2 million videos and more than 50,000 channels “masquerading as family-friendly content,” a YouTube spokesman said in an email statement to NBC News.
“In the past week, we've tightened up and strengthened the enforcement of our policies to terminate the accounts of users making predatory comments on videos featuring minors,” the spokesman said.
YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki speaks during the opening keynote address at the Google I/O 2017 Conference on May 17, 2017 in Mountain View, California. Justin Sullivan / Getty Images file
BuzzFeed News first reported the trend that some YouTube accounts were creating and disseminating videos that depict children in disturbing and abusive situations, some of which boasted millions of views.
YouTube's crackdown comes on the heels of the company's announcement last week that it would increase oversight for videos marketed toward children to ensure they are “family-friendly.”
“In recent months, we've noticed a growing trend around content on YouTube that attempts to pass as family-friendly, but is clearly not," Johanna Wright, vice president of product management at YouTube, said in a statement Wednesday. “While some of these videos may be suitable for adults, others are completely unacceptable, so we are working to remove them from YouTube.”
Several big-name companies like Mars, Adidas, Hewlett-Packard and Deutsche Bank pulled their YouTube ads from the platform during the past week after their products appeared next to videos of scantily clad children with lewd and predatory comments posted below, CNBC reported.
The ad-based scandal, which was first reported by the U.K. newspaper The Times, amassed millions of views from videos "showing young girls filming themselves in underwear, doing the splits, brushing their teeth or rolling around in bed."
Related: YouTuber ‘Toy Freaks' may cause psychological damage to his kids, experts say
But investors don't seem to be concerned with YouTube's difficulty with policing illegal or disturbing videos and ads on its platform.
Shares of Alphabet, the conglomerate that owns Google, soared to a record-high $1,080 on Tuesday before falling back slightly, CNBC reported.
Alphabet's sales are projected to increase 22 percent to $110 billion this year, according to analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters. The company's shares have already climbed more than 30 percent in 2017.
Last year, on December 4, Keith Tandy stepped into the starting lineup for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' defense, filling in for safety Chris Conte, who had suffered a chest injury the previous Sunday. From that point on, the numbers started piling up.
Tandy's first start of 2016 – and just the eighth of his NFL career – came in Tampa Bay's rousing road victory at San Diego, a tight 28-21 finish that added to the Bucs' growing playoff hopes. The game was so tight, in fact, that it was still very much in doubt until Tandy picked off a deep Philip Rivers pass intended for Dontrelle Inman. Tandy leapt for the pick and fell into the end zone, holding on as he landed with three minutes left in the game to secure the big road win.
Tandy would open the final five games for Tampa Bay during an impressive playoff stretch drive that fell just a bit short. In that span, he would rack up 45 tackles, four interceptions and seven passes defensed. All three of those totals tied for first in the NFL in that span among safeties, and the interception mark was tied for first among all players, regardless of position.
Tandy wasn't counting the numbers as they rose, however. There were more important things, such as that playoff drive, occupying his mind.
"I was just trying to live in the moment," said Tandy. "I was trying to make sure I made every play I was supposed to make. Then after the season you step back and you look at it and, say, 'Okay, I didn't really realize I was doing all that.'
"I mean, you never know [if you will play that well], but you try to prepare. You prepare and you believe in the way you're preparing, the details. You put in the hard work and you believe that something like that can happen."
READ: Defense Shining at Buccaneers' Mini-Camp
The Buccaneers missed out on the postseason on a third-level tiebreaker. Tandy's five starts, then, were the team's last five games of a very promising 2016 season, one in which the defense made a stunning turnaround at midseason and evolved into one of the league's most turnover-happy units. To build on that second-half success, as Defensive Coordinator Mike Smith rolls into his second season in charge of the group, the Buccaneers added a number of potential impact players on defense, including defensive tackle Chris Baker and linebacker Kendell Beckwith. The secondary saw an influx of talent, too, with unrestricted free agent signee J.J. Wilcox and second-round pick Justin Evans, both safeties.
Thus, despite the departure of 2016 starter Bradley McDougald, the Buccaneers have a wide-open four-way competition at safety with the two newcomers, Tandy and Conte. Tandy is definitely not assuming that his red-hot finish to last year gives him a guaranteed starting spot, or even the early lead. He'll obviously compete to his fullest to hold on to his job, but he also knows that, at some point or another, all four of those safeties will likely be needed.
"Competition definitely brings out the best in everyone, so we keep bolstering the secondary and only good things can happen," said Tandy, who also started five games in 2013 and two in 2015, producing well each time. "In the NFL, injuries are going to happen, especially at safety, so you want to have as many bodies as possible to put out there."
It's quite telling that, when asked about whether or not his good work at the end of 2016 is carrying over into the 2017 offseason, Tandy interpreted the question as being about the defense as a whole.
"We're trying to figure that out," he said. "The confidence definitely carries over – we finished off on a high note so it's definitely good to have that confidence going in. But every season is a different season, so you've got to get back to the basics, start back at ground zero and just get back to the fundamentals. You can't forget those fundamentals during the offseason; you've got to be locked in on them."
READ: Devante Bond Gets Ahead of the Curve
Nobody doubts that Tandy will put in the hard work. Quarterback Jameis Winston, already a clear team leader in his third year, is well-known for a work ethic that often makes him the first player at One Buccaneer Place in the morning and the last one out the door at the end of the day. He has company in his long hours, though. On Tuesday, Winston referred to Tandy as "the guy that leaves the building when I leave the building." Smith knows how hard Tandy works and knows he can trust the sixth-year vet to be in the right place, especially after seeing him excel during the final five games of 2016.
"Keith is very cerebral," said Smith. "He has a great understanding of what we're trying to do. He understands football and he's continued to play and participate in the OTAs like it's been the season."
A sixth-round draft pick out of West Virginia in 2012, Tandy has outlasted all of his Buccaneer draft mates except for Pro Bowlers Doug Martin and Lavonte David. He has held down a valuable spot on the 53-man roster year after year because he excels on special teams, always responds when given a chance to play defense and knows the game inside and out. It's hard work that has kept his value to the team high, year after year.
"One thing I try to pride myself in knows the defense well, even trying to learn the offense. I want to know what everybody on the defense is doing, and that takes time. You have to put the time into it. That helps you play faster when you know where all your teammates are going to be. You know where your help is, so you know when you can take a chance and when you can't."
Tandy not only has an understanding of what every position in Smith's defense does, he also is fully prepared to play two of those spots, both free and strong safety. That's essentially a requirement for Buccaneer safeties, because those two jobs are nearly interchangeable. In fact, they can sometimes switch from snap to snap, with little more advanced notice than the offense breaking the huddle.
"Actually, a lot of the time the offense determines which one you're playing," said Tandy. "They come out and move the tight end and you go from free to strong or strong to free. So we definitely cross-train both and we switch up in practice. Sometimes in no-huddle, Chris and I just say, 'Stay on that side,' and we both play both. There is no, 'I'm just going to learn free,' or, 'I'm just going to learn strong.' Basically it's the same position."
As Smith noted, Tandy has looked as polished and prepared in OTAs as he was during his great run to end the 2016 season. He has also been able to take a lot of reps, as both Evans and Wilcox missed most of the three weeks of OTAs due to minor injuries. Wilcox recently returned to the field and is participating in this week's full-team mini-camp. As good as Tandy has looked this spring and summer, the true competition for starting spots hasn't really begun yet. All he can do is being prepared.
"OTAs are OTAs," cautioned Smith. "It's not real football, it's far from it. We can't make assumptions, good or bad, by what happens in a specific practice, because this is not even close to what we'll be doing 16 times in the fall. But he's made a lot of progress."
BERLIN (AP) — Germany's biggest industrial union has launched a campaign of 24-hour strikes after talks on demands for wage raises and an optional shorter working week broke down.
The IG Metall union called workers out starting with the night shift Tuesday evening at various companies in regions including the industrial heartlands of Baden-Wuerttemberg and North Rhine-Westphalia.
News agency dpa reported that the companies targeted included truckmaker MAN, and the union said Wednesday that production at its main plant in Munich came to a standstill at midnight.
Before talks broke down over the weekend, IG Metall had staged smaller walkouts lasting only a few hours to exert pressure on employers.
The union is seeking a 6-percent raise and an optional 28-hour week. It plans to stage strikes until Friday.
Police officer responding to a noise complaint has boxing match with teen in Mesquite, Texas. Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video shows a Mesquite, Texas police officer in a boxing match with a teenager after responding to a noise complaint at an apartment complex on Monday. Mesquite Police Association
Disney unveils model of upcoming Star Wars land
A model of Star Wars land being built at Walt Disney World in Orlando and Disneyland Resort in Southern California was unveiled at the D23 Expo, the annual convention of Disney fans, by Bob Chapek, Walt Disney Parks and Resorts. The two lands, scheduled to open in 2019, are set at a remote trading port on a planet not seen before and is one of the last stops on the edge of Wild Space.
An electric vehicle startup announced Wednesday that it is retooling an Indiana factory and hopes to conduct trial runs for two new lines of vehicles by the end of the year.
State officials say SF Motors, a Silicon Valley-based subsidiary of China's Chongqing Sokon Industry Group, plans to hire back some workers who were laid off when AM General halted operations at its Mishawaka plant last year.
The company says it will spend $160 million to buy, renovate and retool the factory, which will serve as the company's main U.S. manufacturing plant. It plans to employ up to 467 workers.
To secure the deal, the state of Indiana is offering the company $3.8 million in tax credits and up to $500,000 for worker training. The state is also offering an additional $653,000 in tax credits through a program that encourages companies to take over existing out-of-operation facilities.
Saint Joseph County, where the factory is located, is also considering an economic incentives package for the company.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb joined company officials for the announcement on Wednesday.
"With a world of options, we're thrilled SF Motors chose to expand in Indiana. We look forward to witnessing their continued success in Indiana as they develop 21st-century solutions with the help of our talented Hoosier workforce," Holcomb said in a statement.
The South Bend Tribune previously reported that the plant made Mercedes-Benz R-Class vehicles for Chinese buyers and the Hummer H2.
In March, SF Motors officials showed off two crossover SUVs vehicles, the SF5 and SF7, at its Santa Clara, California, headquarters. Both vehicles are slated for production at the Indiana factory.
The plant will handle full production of the vehicles, from body welding to battery production and final assembly.
President Donald Trump on Monday may roll out a long-expected initiative to direct an investigation into China's trade practices, with a particular emphasis on alleged intellectual property theft, two administration sources told NBC News.
Alleged intellectual property theft by China has been an issue of particular concern to Silicon Valley.
If Trump announces the investigation, it would come at a time as Trump and members of his administration has called on China to do more to rein in North Korea amid recent intercontinental ballistic missile tests.
Plans could change for Monday — it's not definite that Trump will announce an investigation, but the two administration sources said it is a possibility and a third described it as likely. Trump on Friday said that he will spend Monday in Washington, D.C., in a trip during his "working vacation" in Bedminster, New Jersey.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed With North Korea Threats, What Are China's Priorities? 7:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
One expert on China and the region said that China could feel betrayed if Trump does announce the investigation.
China, an ally and trading partner of North Korea, voted for a United Nations Security Council resolution that passed 15-0 on Saturday imposing tough new sanctions on North Korea over the missile tests.
"I firmly believe that we need to impose costs on China," Gordon Chang, who has written extensively about China, told NBC News. "But on the other hand, I think the Chinese would justly feel double-crossed" if the investigation was announced so soon after the U.N. vote., and if U.S. officials had made prior assurances to China about the trade action.
Related: Trump Says N. Korea Leader 'Will Not Get Away With What He's Doing'
Trump on the campaign trail railed against what he called China's unfair trade practices. Trump recently has accused China of doing little to help curtail North Korea's missile tests.
A 2013 report by the Commission on the Theft of American Intellectual Property that was updated in February says that China is the world's principal intellectual property infringer.
President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping pause for photographs at Mar-a-Lago, on April 7, 2017 in Palm Beach, Florida. file Alex Brandon / AP file
The updated report estimated the overall annual loss to the U.S. economy from counterfeit goods, pirated software, and theft of trade secrets at more than $255 billion.
Trump spoke to China's President Xi Jinping on Friday, but the two leaders focused on unity in the face of escalating tensions on the Korean peninsula, according to statements issued by both governments.
Trump and Xi "agreed North Korea must stop it provocative and escalatory behavior," the White House statement read.
The "relationship between the two presidents is an extremely close one, and will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem," it added.
Chinese state television reported that Xi told Trump during the conversation that it was in the joint interests of both China and the U.S. to achieve the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula and protect peace and stability there.
"The relevant parties should maintain restraint and avoid words and deeds that exacerbate the tension on the Korean Peninsula," the report paraphrased Xi as saying.
Winter is coming, and unfortunately, we're not talking about "Game of Thrones." We're talking about shorter days, less sunlight and the associated risks of developing a vitamin D deficiency.
Dubbed "the sunshine vitamin," vitamin D sounds sort of adorable. Like maybe it gives you cute freckles or a boost of cheer; but it's actually a pretty intense nutrient that aids with the absorption of calcium and support of the musculoskeletal system. Some studies indicate that vitamin D can also help with the immune system, mood regulation, blood pressure, and even fending off diabetes and certain cancers.
But before you jump on Amazon to order a bottle of vitamin D supplements, let's consider the facts, starting with the great big ball of light in the sky: the sun.
A Little Bit Of Sun Can Go A Long Way
“vitamin D is produced in the body when UV light from the sun hits the skin and triggers vitamin D synthesis," says Dr. Stefani Kappel, a dermatologist.
Dr. Zhaoping Li, MD, PhD, director, center for human nutrition and chief of the division of clinical nutrition at UCLA notes that if you're wear sunblock, you're also shielding yourself from vitamin D.
"Sunscreen blocks out UV rays, so your cells are not activated to vitamin D," says Li.
And sunscreen is highly recommended, even in the winter, and not just because the prospect of skin cancer is worse than that of a vitamin D deficiency, but also because the amount of UV rays you need to promote vitamin D is fairly small. In other words, a little bit of sunshine can go a long way.
“We get enough UV light entering the skin on a daily basis just walking around outside for five minutes a day," says Kappel, adding that while most of us are pretty good about wearing sunscreen on our face, "the rest of our body is often without sunscreen and [thus] getting stimulation of vitamin D synthesis."
Larson tallied 454 points behind 66 percent ringers. Second place in Class A was her husband, Alan Larson, with a 3-1 record and 424 total points.
Mike Edwards won the Class B title with a 4-0 record and 541 points. The Class C title went to Kelsey Nordick at 5-1 with 640 points, while Devin Stone won the Class D championship with a 3-1 record and 403 points.
ALEXANDRIA HORSESHOE LEAGUE
SINGLES TOURNAMENT RESULTS
CLASS A
First Place - Janet Larson - 4 wins, 0 losses, 454 points, 66 percent ringers
Second Place - Alan Larson - 3 wins, 1 loss, 424 points, 49.5 percent ringers
Third Place - Phil Swenson - 2 wins, 2 losses, 399 points, 52 percent ringers
CLASS B
First Place - Mike Edwards - 4 wins, 0 losses, 541 points, 39 percent ringers
Second Place - Jerry Werk - 3 wins, 1 loss, 413 points, 38.5 percent ringers
Third Place - Gary Boots - 2 wins, 2 losses, 413 points, 43 percent ringers
CLASS C
First Place - Kelsey Nordick - 5 wins, 1 loss, 640 points, 28.33 percent ringers
Second Place - Kevin Richmond Sr. - 5 wins, 1 loss, 608 points, 31.67 percent ringers
CLASS D
First Place - Devin Stone - 3 wins, 1 loss, 403 points, 16 percent ringers
Second Place - Bruce Swenson - 3 Wins, 1 Loss, 382 points, 11.5 percent ringers
Third Place - Shawn Kupchp - 3 wins, 1 loss, 343 points, 10 percent ringers
Fritter is still waiting for a forever home after a year at the humane society (Source: WTOL)
It's national 'Adopt-a-Shelter-Dog month' and who doesn't want an excuse to look at puppies?
From puppies, to full-grown dogs and breeds of every kind the Toledo Area Humane Society is hopeful you will consider one of their unique pups this October during adopt a shelter dog month.
"We think you should adopt instead of shopping because when you come in to adopt one of our dogs we can tell you about their history,” said Lisa Sommers, a volunteer and outreach manager with the Toledo Area Humane Society.
“You can meet them in a bonding room to spend time with them, some of them even know tricks, some are potty trained so it's not like you're starting from scratch," said Sommers.
Already this year the humane society has saved more than 3,000 pet lives.
Families say they believe adoption is best because the dogs are in the shelter by no fault of their own.
"They are just so sweet, like a lot of people don't give them a chance so we thought let's give them a chance because a lot of dogs are here for months," said Toni Stevens, a shelter dog lover.
Fritter is actually the humane society's longest staying dog. He's a pit bull mix and close to a year old.
The Toledo Area Humane Society says adopting a dog like Fritter could change your life.
"You're saving a life,” said Sommers. “For one thing, every time you come in and adopt a dog it makes room for another one we can rescue to save his place."
When you adopt a dog at the humane society they are spayed and neutered, microchipped, and have the appropriate shots and treatments for their age.
Those who visit often say you should stop in and just give these dogs a chance, because you will fall in love.
"They're in a shelter and people think, oh yeah they are in a shelter let's not get them, something is wrong with them,” said Kevin Wieczorek, a shelter dog lover. “No. They are really loveable if you get to know them."
The humane society encourages you to come see not only their dogs, but cats and more to adopt not shop this month.
If you want to learn more about the Toledo Area Humane Society, their animals or programs, you can visit their website.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
1:42 Man yells 'Trump' at Starbucks employee in Miami area Pause
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
Attorney General Jeff Sessions became the latest official in the Trump administration on Monday to defend the president's comments following the car-ramming attack in Charlottesville, while promising the Department of Justice would take "vigorous action" to defend the rights of Americans to protest bigotry.
"Well [Trump] made a very strong statement that directly contradicted the ideology of hatred, violence, bigotry, racism, white supremacy — those things must be condemned in this country," Sessions told TODAY. "They're totally unacceptable, and you can be sure that this Department of Justice in his administration is going to take the most vigorous action to protect the right of people, like Heather Heyer, to protest against racism and bigotry."
Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old counter-protester, was killed and 19 people were injured after James Alex Fields Jr., 20, allegedly rammed his car through a crowd.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jeff Sessions: Trump 'made a strong statement' about Charlottesville violence 6:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"We're going to protect the right to assemble and march and we're going to prosecute anybody to the fullest extent of the law that violates the right to do so, you can be sure about that," Sessions said.
Fields has been charged with second-degree murder, among other counts, for the alleged attack.
The vehicle rammed through the crowd during a day that saw clashes between white supremacists attending a "Unite the Right" rally held in Charlottesville and counter-protesters.
President Donald Trump faced bipartisan criticism after suggesting "both sides" were to blame for the violence in Charlottesville. Trump did not denounce the white supremacist groups by name, but an official White House statement later called them out using their specific monikers.
"I thought it was a pretty good statement delivered just a few hours after the event. The next day — yesterday — they explicitly called out the Nazis and the KKK by name," Sessions said.
Sessions implied Trump was speaking to the deep-seated issues of violence that have happened historically in America.
Related: Pence Defends Trump From Critics of Charlottesville Remarks
A handout photo made available by the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail on 13 August 2017 shows James Alex Fields Jr., who has been charged with second degree murder after he reportedly drove his car into a crowd of protestors in Charlottesville, Virginia, on 12 Aug.2017. Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail / EPA
"We've had violence around the country in any number of ways over decade. We've had these spasms of violence that are unacceptable in America," Sessions said. "He did say he wasn't just talking about Donald Trump or Barack Obama — he said these problems have been going on for a long time."
On Saturday, a federal civil rights investigation was launched by the Department of Justice into the deadly car-ramming attack that left one 32-year-old woman dead and at least 19 injured.
"The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice,” Sessions said on Saturday. "When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred, they betray our core values and cannot be tolerated.”
The FBI said in a statement Saturday that it, the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia have opened a civil rights investigation into the car striking the crowd of people.
The investigation will examine the actual ramming attack itself, whether it was pre-meditated, and — if it is determined the attack was planned — if others were involved.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions pauses during an event at the Justice Department Aug. 4, 2017 in Washington, DC. Alex Wong / Getty Images
U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Virginia Rick Mountcastle and the Civil Rights Division in Washington will head up the federal investigation.
However, the greater issue of clashes between the rallying white supremacists and counterprotesters is currently not under investigation.
Sessions said on Saturday the federal investigation "will have the full support of the Department of Justice."
"Justice will prevail," he said.
Following six wins in a row, Demian Maia seemed like the logical next contender in line to challenge welterweight champion Tyron Woodley but instead he was matched up with Jorge Masvidal in a fight at UFC 211 in Dallas.
Maia likely missed out on a title shot earlier this year due to Woodley and Stephen “Wonderboy” Thompson fighting to a draw last year, which then resulted in a rematch that took place in March.
Even some of Maia's past opponents believe he's getting the short end of the stick when it comes to his difficult path to title contention.
One of those names is top 10 ranked welterweight Gunnar Nelson, who hopes to one day earn a rematch with Maia after falling to him in 2015, but he believes the submission specialist should already be in line for a shot at the gold rather than staring down the barrel at a very tough matchup against Masvidal in May.
“I do believe Demian Maia deserves the title shot and I don't think he should even need to fight [Jorge] Masvidal and beat him to decide that,” Nelson told FOX Sports recently. “I think he deserves that already.
“My hopes would be he wins the title and I challenge him for the title for the rematch.”
Josh Hedges/Zuffa LLC/Zuffa LLC via Getty Images
Maia presents difficulty for virtually every opponent he faces because he possesses one of the most dangerous submission arsenals in the sport.
A multi-time grappling champion, Maia has mauled just about every opponent he's faced in recent memory with submission wins in three out of his last four fights.
Maia's ground game is the ultimate equalizer and it's the reason why Nelson believes he could be the person to dethrone Woodley assuming he finally gets his opportunity to compete for the title.
“I do [like Maia's chances],” Nelson said about a matchup with Woodley. “Of course everything can happen and Tyron is a very powerful guy. He could possibly knock Demian Maia out. You wouldn't see much danger on the feet for Woodley but on the ground there's a lot of danger.
“It's a question if he can manage to get him on the ground. I think he will.”
Nelson's argument for Maia against Woodley doesn't come without merit because he explains the path to victory for the Brazilian jiu-jitsu specialist should he get the chance to face the champion in the near future.
“Tyron is a small, stocky guy and sometimes they struggle with single leg [takedown] defense,” Nelson explained. “It's just the way their body is. A lot of times it's the easiest way to take those guys down with a single leg.
“Demian Maia's single leg is pretty good.”
The UFC hasn't guaranteed Maia will earn a title shot even with a win over Masvidal in May. Meanwhile, Woodley posted on social media on Monday that he's starting his next training camp, which means the welterweight champion should have a new fight announcement coming soon.
Charlotte Hornets star Kemba Walker played every minute of the second half in willing his team to victory Friday. Chuck Burton AP
Penbontbren is a 5-Star Visit Wales luxurious Bed and breakfast and self-catering cottage situated in 32 acres of beautiful west Wales countryside.
Recently refurbished and beaming with character, each suite in Penbontbren boasts a spacious sitting room, private gardens and sumptuous décor. Penbontbren is the perfect base to make the most of the beaches, towns and attractions West Wales has to offer. Newcomer of the Year in the 2012 edition of the Good Hotel Guide!
AUTUMN BREAK FOR 2
THIS NOVEMBER, DECEMBER, JANUARY AND FEBRUARY!
Two nights Bed & Breakfast plus a 3rd night B&B FREE!– Only £250
Enjoy the beautiful Welsh coast & countryside this Autumn and Winter with our popular 3 for 2 Break. Available midweek, Sunday to Thursday until 28th February 2018 (Friday and Saturday £15 supplement), this great deal includes two nights Bed & Breakfast plus a FREE 3rd night Bed & Breakfast.
Stay in a luxurious Suite, with wonderfully comfortable beds, separate sitting room with views over our lovely garden, minibar, tea and coffee making facilities with fresh milk and Nespresso coffee machine. Enjoy a restful break in West Wales; explore the local villages and beaches, a lovely night sleep followed by a full Welsh breakfast each morning.
Offer based on two people sharing, subject to availability.
You must book with us direct for this offer:
Call 01239 810248 or e-mail contact@penbontbren.com
Or alternatively to find our more information about this and other offers you can visit Penbontbren's website by clicking here.
Kolten Wong hits his first homer of the season, Randal Grichuk makes a diving catch and Jose Martinez drives in the decisive run in the Cardinals' 2-1 win over Pittsburgh.
More FOX Sports Midwest Videos Yeo on Blues win: ‘We know there's … more work to be done' Schwartz on Blues win: ‘We do a good job of being in the moment' Pietrangelo describes Allen as ‘fantastic' and ‘lights out' Parayko ‘just trying to get something towards the net' on Blues goal Allen ‘not fazed' by amount of Wild shots WATCH: Gyorko, Piscotty homer in Cardinals' loss to Yankees More FOX Sports Midwest Videos
Even if it's not true, the damage is done.
Continue Reading Below
Former Snap (NYSE: SNAP) employee Anthony Pompliano sued the company for wrongful termination earlier this year ahead of its IPO, alleging that the company inflated and misrepresented numerous user metrics such as daily active users (DAUs) and retention, among others. Most of the complaint had been redacted at Snap's request, but Snap has now agreed to Pompliano's motion to unseal the complaint because it has “nothing to hide,” according to Business Insider. It looks like that decision is coming back to bite Snap, as one particular quote is causing backlash.
When Pompliano, who was hired in 2015 before being terminated less than a month later, discussed the idea of expanding into emerging markets with CEO Evan Spiegel, the young co-founder allegedly said, “This app is only for rich people. I don't want to expand into poor countries like India and Spain.” Those markets generally have high levels of social media engagement, making them seemingly ripe for a nascent social media platform to expand into.
Image source: Snap.
Snap denies that Spiegel ever said such a thing and dismisses Pompliano as a disgruntled ex-employee seeking attention. But it's believable, and social media users in India aren't giving him the benefit of the doubt.
Spiegel just offended an entire country
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Snap is now facing calls to boycott Snapchat, and social media users are ripping into Spiegel for his alleged comments.
Many are also leaving one-star reviews on mobile platforms, driving down the average rating.
The comments may seem odd for a free app that monetizes usage through ad revenue. While it may be true that India is an immature market in terms of technology infrastructure, most notably regarding cellular network infrastructure and LTE coverage, that ignores the incredible potential that India represents. India passed the U.S. in terms of total internet users (277 million) last year to become the second-largest internet user market behind China, according to venture capitalist Mary Meeker's 2016 Internet Trends report. That figure includes all internet users, though Snapchat is predominantly a mobile service with no official desktop version.
Yet that hasn't stopped rivals like Facebook (NASDAQ: FB) from aggressively expanding in India. The dominant social network now has 166 million monthly active users (MAUs) in India — more than Snapchat's global DAU total. Though India pushed back against Facebook's Free Basics service and banned it over net neutrality concerns last year, Facebook realizes the importance of the Indian market.
Snap only reports three geographical segments: North America, Europe, and rest of world. India is included in the rest of world segment, which totals just 39 million DAUs, flat sequentially in the fourth quarter. The rest of world segment also has the lowest monetization, with average revenue per user (ARPU) of just $0.15 last quarter.
There are ways to justify assigning a lower priority to expanding in India: Snap faces immense variable costs associated with usage from its third-party cloud infrastructure providers, and the company could bleed cash if ad revenue fails to offset those costs; improved LTE coverage will eventually benefit a predominantly mobile photo/video service; allocating resources to the core North American market to achieve profitability before turning to emerging markets is completely reasonable.
Deriding an entire country as “poor” isn't one of them.
10 stocks we like better than Snap Inc.
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Snap Inc. wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Facebook. Evan Niu, CFA has the following options: long January 2018 $120 calls on Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
BEIJING — Panama has severed its diplomatic ties with Taiwan and established them instead with China in a move derided by Taipei as a “diplomatic money game.”
China considers self-ruled Taiwan a renegade province and has never renounced the use of force to bring it under Beijing's control.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Panamanian counterpart Isabel Saint Malo de Alvarado meet in Beijing on Tuesday. Sheng Jiapeng / VCG via Getty Images
Panama was one of Taiwan's oldest friends, one of its main trading partners and the third-largest economy among its diplomatic allies.
This latest defection is a blow to Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, who visited Panama last summer and has been fighting a losing battle with China to maintain its international presence. Taiwan now counts just 19 other countries and the Vatican as its remaining allies.
The U.S. does not formally recognize Taiwan as an independent nation or have diplomatic relations with it. However, it has sold $12 billion in arms to the island since 2010 as part of a 1970s agreement that commits Washington to helping Taipei defend itself.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed NBC News Exclusive: Taiwan Tests U.S. Firepower, Fears Invasion by China 1:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Beijing regards Taiwan as a part of its territory and has insisted that countries acknowledge that before establishing formal ties with China.
With China's growing influence and stature, it has had success in luring away Taiwanese allies with the promise of greater economic cooperation.
The African nation of Sao Tome and Principe also cut ties with Taiwan in December.
Panamanian President Juan Carlos Varela announced the move on Monday night — ending a relationship dating back to 1922. "I'm convinced that this is the correct path for our country," he said.
Related: China Ventures Into America's Backyard
Tsai Ing-Wen, Taiwan's president, condemned what she called "provocation from the Beijing authorities."
"Although we have lost an ally [Panama], our determination of not engaging in competition for money diplomacy will not change ... Taiwan's value and status in the international society will not be shattered. We are a sovereign country."
China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi met his counterpart from Panama, Isabel de Saint Malo de Alvarado, in Beijing on Tuesday and signed a joint communiqué establishing ties.
A map showing the location of Taiwan. Google Maps
"This is a historic moment. China-Panama relations have opened a new chapter," Wang said, describing Panama's decision as "in keeping with the times."
For many Taiwan watchers, Panama's decision came as no surprise.
“There's been chatter for a while that Taiwan could lose two or perhaps even three more official diplomatic allies in the second half of this year,” said J. Michael Cole, a senior fellow at the University of Nottingham's China Policy Institute.
In the case of Panama, which is seeking heavy infrastructure investment, Chinese money made it “ripe for the ‘taking' by China,” according to Cole.
China has also worked to block Taiwan from international bodies like the World Health Organization — a not-so tacit way for Beijing to convey its displeasure with any suggestion of independence.
“For Taiwan, the blow is largely symbolic and psychological,” added Cole, who notes that none of Taiwan's official diplomatic allies are large economies. “Tsai must now turn around and find creative ways to deepen its international involvement in spite of developments such as those we saw today.”
China is deeply suspicious of Tsai, who it thinks wants to push for the island's formal independence, although she says she wants to maintain peace with Beijing.
Reuters contributed to this report.
MISSOULA, Mont. — Wildlife officials in Montana have found a new home in Canada for three grizzly bear cubs that were orphaned in June when their mother was killed by a vehicle.
Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks announced plans on Tuesday to send the cubs to Zoo Sauvage de Saint-Felicien in Quebec.
The Missoulian newspaper reports that the cubs have been at a Helena wildlife rehabilitation centre since being captured in early June.
Authorities have been searching for a new home for the cubs since, hoping to avoid euthanizing them.
The centre only holds animals that cannot be released into the wild for four weeks but the cubs are too young to survive alone. Grizzlies around humans quickly equate them with food.
They will remain the state of Montana's property, on permanent loan to the Quebec zoo.
CHOPPER RESCUE: The RACQ rescue helicopter lands on the Bruce Hwy at Curra to help tend to the injured after a two-car crash.
SEVEN in 10 deaths on Gympie roads occur in high-speed zones.
Government crash statistics show 131 people were killed on Gympie region roads between 2001 and 2016. Of those deaths, 93 occurred on roads with 100 or 110kmh speed limits.
Twenty-three people were killed in crashes in 80 and 90kmh zones - the second deadliest road type in the region.
QLD Road Fatalities 2001-2016 Explore the map or scroll through widgets to interact with the data
Eleven people were killed on 60kmh zoned roads, two on a road with a speed limits of 50kmh or less and one in a 70kmh zone. There was no speed zone data for one crash.
RACQ spokeswoman Lauren Ritchie said high-speed roads were inherently more dangerous.
"The faster you go, the harder you hit, so when you do get in a crash it's fairly serious," she said.
Ms Ritchie said as regional highways were often single-lane dual carriageways, head-on collisions at high speeds became more common.
READ MORE: NO DEATHS AFTER MASSIVE UPGRADES ON THE BRUCE
Similarly, she said regional drivers were more likely to rely on highways than metropolitan drivers.
"The more frequently you travel on high-speed roads, the higher the chance of being involved in a serious crash," she said.
Ms Ritchie said making roads, cars and drivers safer was the key to saving lives on our roads.
She said it was vital drivers avoid the fatal five driving mistakes: speeding, driving intoxicated, not wearing a seatbelt, driving fatigued and driving distracted.
"You have to be up for the challenge of driving safely every time," she said.
Former Miss India contestant Dipannita Sharma says the crown holds a lot of responsibility, and it's not just about beauty and glamour.
Thirty finalists of Fbb Colors Femina Miss India 2017 were on Wednesday tested on their culinary skills. The young chefs were mentored by Dipannita.
“We've done a cook-up activity. I think it's very interesting because it goes beyond beauty and glamour… The kids from Muktangan School coming and tasting the dishes the girls have prepared.
“I think that the whole point was that the crown holds a lot of responsibility and representing the states is already a big responsibility. Fbb Colors Femina Miss India is a great platform for all the girls who are a part of it to do so much more with beauty and responsibilities,” Dipannita said in a statement.
Apart from the school's children, the dishes were also tasted by the founder members Sunil Mehta and Elizabeth Mehta.
“It's good to see Miss India candidates cooking like this and I hope the Miss World candidates would also do it,” said Elizabeth.
Muktangan, an NGO, is a new model of quality education, child-centered, English-medium school to thousands of underprivileged children here. Miss World Organization in association with Muktangan have supported the underprivileged children for the past couple of years.
Ronnie O'Sullivan revealed his thrill at matching records held by Steve Davis and Stephen Hendry as he vowed to play on for years to come.
A sixth UK Championship title for O'Sullivan in York equalled the remarkable haul that Davis accumulated in his 1980s pomp.
O'Sullivan also joined Hendry on 18 triumphs in Triple Crown tournaments, the series made up of the blue-riband World, UK and Masters events.
He grew up with Davis as his hero, before joining a professional tour that Hendry dominated throughout the 1990s, which was O'Sullivan's formative decade as a professional.
"I totally respect them," O'Sullivan said. "They were just so much better than everybody else and everybody loves a winner, don't they?
"They love somebody that can dominate a sport and Steve Davis and Stephen Hendry did that.
"Phil Taylor in darts, Tiger Woods in golf, Michael Schumacher in Formula One. You have to admire it, their longevity and their skill."
At the age of 42, O'Sullivan is giving off no signs of slowing up. He has landed three ranking titles inside two months, moving him to 31 for his career and just five shorts of Hendry's all-time record, which looks increasingly assailable.
Shot of the day? Certainly up there 👏
Another Scot safely through round 1 of the @Dafabet Scottish Open, Glasgow's very own Stephen Maguire 🔥 #ScottishOpen pic.twitter.com/BwVrnULLXl — World Snooker (@WorldSnooker1) December 11, 2017
Shaun Murphy, the player he beat 10-5 in the York Barbican final, predicted O'Sullivan could stay at the top for another decade.
Whether five-time world champion O'Sullivan ever matches Hendry's record of seven Crucible titles remains to be seen, and that looks to be the greatest challenge remaining for him.
Refreshingly, he is not talking of retirement, as he has so often during his career. Instead, O'Sullivan is newly energised, striking a positive balance between snooker and outside interests, such as his television punditry and becoming a published novelist.
He has spoken of a wish to go into the'm A Celebrity jungle next year, and should he take part in the ITV show that may mean he misses the UK Championship.
Yet far from giving up snooker, O'Sullivan sees the sport again as a fundamental part of his life.
"It keeps me on the straight and narrow," he said.
"If I wasn't playing snooker I'd probably be a little bit off the rails, enjoying myself, all that sort of stuff. As long as I play snooker it reels me in a bit, so I'll keep playing so it keeps me out of trouble.
"I don't practice as much as I probably used to or feel like I should, but it seems to be working and I'll keep showing up and being a nuisance."
O'Sullivan competes at the Scottish Open this week and faces Michael Georgiou, a player he thrashed 6-1 in York, in his opener on Tuesday.
Fergal O'Brien, meanwhile, is out of the tournament.
Dubliner O'Brien lost 4-1 against Zhang Anda in round one.
Gerard Greene was a 4-2 winner over Zhao Xintong.
Marco Fu began the defence of his title in emphatic fashion after a comfortable 4-0 first round victory over Duane Jones in Glasgow.
The world number nine, who came from 4-1 down to defeat home favourite John Higgins in a 9-4 victory last year, edged past his Welsh opponent in the opening three frames before sealing his win with a wonderful 101 break at the Emirates Arena.
Maguire overcame his Betway UK Championship semi-defeat to eventual champion O'Sullivan with a convincing 4-0 success against Alex Borg, racking up breaks of 60 and 95, while Judd Trump also advanced by the same scoreline in his first round match with Robin Hull.
Higgins hit three half-centuries to progress to the second round with a 4-1 win against Jack Lisowski, Ricky Walden beat Billy Joe Castle 4-2, while there were victories for Dominic Dale, Michael White and David Grace in the best-of-seven format.
World number seven Barry Hawkins was among the first round casualties following a 4-2 defeat to Jamie Jones, 2006 world champion Graeme Dott also lost by the same scoreline to Rory McLeod and Martin Gould fell to a final-frame defeat to Thailand's Noppon Saengkham.
Marriage and fatherhood have changed Shane Lowry's priorities, but the fire in the Offaly man to capture golf's biggest prizes is burning brighter than ever.
Lowry took a four-shot lead into the final round at Oakmont 12 months ago, but saw it go up in smoke as Dustin Johnson charged to glory and Lowry had to settle for tied second.
That near-miss still stings, but the 30-year-old heads for Erin Hills in good form and on a mission to bring home some silver.
"I'm certainly one that lets golf dictate my mood a bit too much," he told RTÉ Sport.
"When you've a new baby it puts things into perspective; what you're really doing it for and who you're really doing it for. I'm not really doing it for myself any more, I'm doing it for them back home.
"I'm playing well but it's a funny game - you don't know what's around the corner. I'm doing everything I can to prepare as well as I can for this tournament.
"I'll go out and give my best on Thursday and it might be good enough, it might not be - we just have to wait and see.
"It would be nice to be able to bring home a trophy.
"I want to win big tournaments. I feel like I can. Since Augusta I think I've really started to play well. I'm looking forward to the rest of the summer; I've got a big summer in me."
Rory McIlroy aired his disappointment at the decision of tournament organisers to cut down heavy rough on four holes at Erin Hills ahead of the year's second major.
Lowry agreed with his compatriot, revealing he'd have preferred a tougher challenge, and predicting there'll be some good scoring this weekend.
"I really like the golf course," Lowry added. "It's disappointing that it's going to play quite soft.
"I think the scoring could be good here this week. We'll just have to go out and see what happens.
"I'd like to see it playing tricky, I'd like to see it playing firm and a bit of wind. It's not going to play like that.
"I love the challenge of it. I do like the challenge if a US Open and the challenge of a Major championship. Hopefully I can go out and give a good account of myself."
Five individuals in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program spoke about living without documentation and their uncertain futures at an event titled “‘DACA is Dead' — Young Immigrants in Conversation with Student Journalists” Monday evening. The event, organized by the Watson Institute for International and Public Affairs and students from INTL 1802W: “International Journalism,” comes amid recent controversy over the course's inclusion of an assignment to profile local DACA recipients, The Herald previously reported.
Though the event was initially billed as an opportunity for seven students in INTL 1802W to “report what they learned” from their coursework and for “several immigrants … to share their own stories,” according to the Watson Institute's website, the event actually featured a panel comprising DACA recipients moderated by one student journalist.
One panelist, who is a student at the University and requested anonymity, said he saw DACA as an opportunity to pursue higher education because it allowed him to enroll at a local community college before transferring to Brown. “When I was in high school and people were talking about plans for adult life and plans after high school, I never thought that I was gonna do very much after” graduating, he said.
“I knew that there wasn't any financial aid” for me given my immigration status, he added. But the implementation of DACA in 2012 made attending college a legitimate possibility for the first time, the student said.
Nelson Morales-Nimaja, who came to the United States in 1991 as an infant, said the DACA program also allowed him to go to college. “Between the time that I was 18 to about 22 years old, … I didn't really have any idea where I was going to go with life,” he said. “In 2012, (former President Barack Obama) granted DACA. … From there, I was lucky enough … to begin my career.”
While DACA has alleviated some of the burdens that accompany being an undocumented person in the United States, the program has not resolved all the issues that young immigrants face, such as the continued financial inaccessibility of higher education, said a panelist who identified herself as Yaruska.
Though a 2011 ruling from the Rhode Island Board of Governors for Higher Education made undocumented students eligible for in-state tuition at public colleges in the state, Yaruska said she still struggled to pay for her education even with her enrollment in the DACA program. “I was able to get a small scholarship from the University of Rhode Island, (but) … I had to look for private scholarships, (and) … a lot of scholarships are only open to citizens.”
Additionally, prior to enrolling in the DACA program, panelist Otoniel Andres said he struggled to live and work without a driver's license. “I couldn't drive (legally) and see (my daughter or) get a decent job where I could afford to move in with her. … I used to drive to work and drive to see her … always in fear that I was gonna get stopped,” he said.
The panelists also spoke about grappling with the potential permanent end of DACA. “By having DACA, it has relieved some pressure,” said Pedro Nimaja. “But at the same time, we know in the back of our heads that (DACA) is temporary. … The government hasn't made any efforts to calm that fear.”
The uncertainty surrounding DACA's future has forced Nimaja to create a plan B for his life in the event that his DACA status is revoked. “There's always that little fear in the back of your head, it's always concerning, you never really sleep okay,” he said.
Several panelists also said that the absence of a straightforward pathway to citizenship or permanent legal residence is the main issue of the DACA program.
Nimaja also spoke about the ways in which the Trump administration's insistence on ending the program has complicated the future plans of young immigrants. “All these people that are in high school … and were starting to make plans for college now can't because they don't know what's going to happen,” he said.
Hannah Subotnick '16, who attended the event, said the panel forced her to consider who bore the responsibility of educating the public on sensitive issues such as DACA. “These people are not only affected by the issue but (they also) have to take on the burden of explaining the (issues) to everybody else,” she said.
Though DACA's future as a program remains unpredictable, Nimaja said he feels hopeful for whatever lies ahead. “The climate in this country is perfect for grassroots efforts and (for) people like us to come out and tell our story and educate people who are able to vote, who are able to change policy,” he said.
Marcia Love
Whitecourt Star
An electric airplane manufactured in Whitecourt has been cleared for take-off at a flight school in Vancouver.
Pipistrel Aircraft Canada Inc. recently delivered its first fully electric production aircraft registered in the advanced ultra-light category to a customer in West Vancouver.
The Alpha Electro model is designed for flight school training. Operating out of the Pitt Meadows Airport, it will be used to make zero emission flights to and from several airports in the Vancouver and the lower mainland area.
Based at the Whitecourt Airport, Pipistrel worked on developing the two-seater Alpha Electro for the past two years and has been pioneering electric flight for the last decade.
Jonas Boll, Pipistrel Aircraft Canada Inc. dealer and distributor, said two to three of the planes are produced each week, with factory production booked up for six months.
Powered by a 60 kilowatt (80 horsepower) motor that's almost silent when running at full takeoff power, the aircraft can barely be heard from bystanders on the ground during all phases of flight, Boll said.
“The Alpha Electro is ideal for the training environment where noisy airplanes would normally circle around a runway while repeatedly practicing takeoff and landings,” he explained. “The Alpha Electro is virtually silent, (and) I'm sure many residents near an airport will appreciate the reduction in noise pollution this aircraft provides.”
Its batteries can be recharged in about 45 minutes, and a single charge can allow a pilot to practice takeoffs and landings for an hour, with half-an-hour of reserve energy. If the pilot encounters problems, the Alpha Electro is equipped with a rocket-propelled parachute.
The new aircraft is designed around Pipistrel's electric self-launch glider, the Taurus Electro, which has been in serial production since 2007.
Because many countries have no provisions in their aviation regulations which allow for electric propulsion, it can be challenging as regulators are slowly catching up with the advanced technology, Boll pointed out.
But he said Pipistrel is in the final phase of having the Alpha Electro approved in the Canadian advanced ultra-light category.
The Alpha Trainer can be flown by anyone in Canada who holds an ultra-light pilot permit, which requires a minimum of 20 hours of education in ultra-light airplane pilot ground school and a minimum of 10 hours total flight time.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
The man suspected of deliberately driving a van onto a sidewalk in a bustling intersection in downtown Toronto, running down panicked pedestrians in his path, appeared in court Tuesday and was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
Alek Minassian, 25, of suburban Toronto also faces 13 counts of attempted murder after Monday afternoon's mayhem in Canada's largest city — the worst mass killing in the country in three decades. Authorities said Tuesday afternoon that they expect an additional count of attempted murder after some additional investigation.
Canadian authorities have as yet given no indication of what motivated the massacre, while also downplaying any link to terror. And law enforcement sources said social media posts were still being examined to determine the suspect's mental state.
Minassian wore a white jumpsuit in court with his hands cuffed, and only spoke his name during the brief hearing, reported CTV News.
The suspect rented a van on the morning of the attack, Graham Gibson, a detective with the Toronto police, said at a news conference Tuesday afternoon.
Minassian "posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before he began driving" onto the crowded sidewalk, Gibson said. The detective did not elaborate on the content of the post and said he was restricted from discussing evidence about motive because Minassian has been charged in the case.
Multiple Canadian and U.S. officials familiar with the investigation confirmed to NBC News that a message on what they say was the suspect's Facebook page referenced Elliot Rodger, the 22-year-old gunman who killed six people in 2014 near Santa Barbara, California. Rodger, who died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, was described by police as a loner who was unhappy about his lack of sexual experiences with women during college.
Investigators say they believe that Minassian posted the Facebook message. He has not made any statements that might help in the investigation, they said. Officials and neighbors have said he has a history of mental health issues.
The officials familiar with the probe said investigators were looking through social media posts that may be connected with Minassian to determine whether he was associated with an online community known as "incel," or "involuntary celibate" — made up of men who are sexually frustrated that they cannot be with a woman. The Facebook post confirmed by officials as having been posted to what they believe is the suspect's Facebook page mentions the term “incel.”
Reddit reportedly banned one such community last year because some members advocated rape.
Gibson, the detective, said at the news conference that the victims were “predominantly" women, but did not elaborate on whether that included the injured as well as the deceased.
Dirk Huyer, chief coroner for Ontario Province, declined to discuss the identity of the victims or say if many of them were female, saying his office was still working on officially confirming the identities of those killed.
AP Photo/Julio Cortez
FLORHAM PARK, N.J. (AP) — Matt Forte remains focused only on winning, no matter what anyone else thinks.
So, when some New York Jets fans suggest the team is tanking the upcoming season – or, should – to get a high draft pick next spring, the veteran running back completely disagrees with the notion.
“It's a good thing we don't operate off of what the fans think and what everybody on the outside thinks,” Forte said Wednesday before the team's second minicamp practice. “What we think as a team, that's what's going to happen. And none of us on the team think that we're going to tank.
“So all I have to say about that is: Bring it.”
The Jets are coming off a 5-11 season and parted ways with several productive and popular veterans in the offseason to cut some big salaries. Gone are the likes of Darrelle Revis, Brandon Marshall, Eric Decker, Nick Mangold, David Harris and Nick Folk.
When asked if he thinks the Jets have a competitive roster, Forte laughed.
“What kind of question is that?” he said. “This is a professional football team. We have athletes on this team. In the league, it's not about the team that has the most talent on the roster. It's about the guys who have a brotherhood together. They play on the field, not next to each other, they play for each other. They make sacrifices on the field so the other guys can make plays.
“That's the kind of culture that we've been creating throughout the offseason here.”
The 31-year-old Forte is one of the few remaining vets. And he hasn't been assured that he'll be around for this season.
“I don't worry about stuff like that,” said Forte, whose 813 yards rushing in his first season with the Jets were the lowest of his career. “Nobody has come to me about any of that stuff. I'm pretty sure if they did, my agent would've called me. I go out and practice every day to attain a goal, which is reaching the championship and being the best I can be.”
Forte echoed the sentiments of coach Todd Bowles, who on Tuesday dismissed the “tanking” notion.
“Lucky for me, I don't read the media,” Bowles said, “but my expectations are high and the team's expectations are high and that's really all that counts.”
When asked what he's looking to accomplish in a season with such gloomy outside predictions, Bowles insisted nothing has changed.
“I'm trying to get to the playoffs and win a Super Bowl,” the coach said. “It's no different than any other year.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Comments
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Croydon's council leader has branded the latest stabbing in the town centre “very serious indeed” but insists that positive progress is being made on tackling knife crime in the borough.
Croydon Council and the borough's police are said to be working closely following the shocking slash attack on Poplar Walk.
And Tony Newman says tireless work is taking place to make these incidents a less common occurrence.
Assurances have been given that knife crime is actually falling in Croydon despite recent stabbings in the town centre making headlines.
Police and paramedics rushed to the scene of the latest stabbing on Tuesday evening (July 3).
A 27-year-old man was found suffering from a slash wound outside St Michael's Church at around 6.20pm.
London Ambulance Service (LAS) paramedics found the wounded man and called Met Police officers to the scene before he was rushed to a south London hospital.
He is not believed to be in a life-threating condition as the search goes on for his attacker.
Officers swiftly cordoned off the busy street at the junctions with North End and St Michael's Road bringing traffic to a standstill and forcing bus services to suffer delays and diversions for several hours.
Cllr Newman has responded to the latest troubling incident and offered reassurance to worried local residents.
He said: “The council is working closely with the police, young people and local communities to tackle knife crime, and this latest attack is very serious indeed.
“However, we are making some progress, and are currently one of very few London boroughs to have seen a reduction in knife crime over the last six months.”
This has been a point previously emphasised by the borough's police chief, Chief Superintendent Jeff Boothe.
He has also repeatedly emphasised that more police officers on patrol, on its own, cannot solve the problem and has said his focus is on doing the best he can with the number of officers at his disposal.
Prayers have been offered to the wounded man injured on Tuesday evening.
Representatives of St Michael's Church posted a message online on Wednesday, which said: "We continue to pray for the man stabbed outside our church yesterday evening and for those caring for him in hospital.
"The police cordon has been lifted, and services continue as normal. The church is open from 9.30am each weekday - all are welcome to come in."
A spokeswoman for the Met Police said: “Police were called by LAS at approximately 6.20pm to reports of a male found with stab wounds on Poplar Walk. Officers attended.
“A man, believed to be aged 27, was found with a slash wound. He was taken to a south London hospital with injuries not believed to be life-threatening or life-changing. No arrests have been made and enquiries continue.”
The Orchard
American Animals, opening this week, isn't just a new movie, but a new kind of movie. Written and directed by Bart Layton, whose 2012 documentary The Imposter garnered near-universal acclaim and seemed to set a new standard for visual composition in documentary filmmaking, American Animals is Layton's non-documentary debut feature.
I use “non-documentary” carefully, because while in many ways American Animals is a traditional heist movie, “fiction” isn't quite right. Where I, Tonya depicted its characters occasionally looking into the camera to say “this never happened,” as a way to convey the disputed nature of some of the events the movie depicts (giving itself license to depict the juicier parts, even if they may not have happened), American Animals does them one better. Layton's film uses the real people being played by the actors, sometimes in traditional talking-head interview form, other times sharing scenes and dialogue with the actors playing them. And in this case it's not just to be post-modern or bend genres, it seems to be an honest attempt to reclaim the true meaning of “this is a true story” or “based on a true story.”
So many movies, from horror movies about ghosts and demonic possession to more traditional biopic-style prestige movies like The Post or Argo, have stretched the idea of the true story to the point that the label has become almost meaningless. Some films, from I, Tonya to Selma, have occasionally flirted with mixing stock footage and research with traditional fictional film techniques. But American Animals feels like the first movie maybe since American Splendor to mix the two in novel ways. And in this case, to do so with the purpose of actually exploring what truth is.
“I certainly feel like audiences now are so sophisticated and literate and understand what the game is in terms of how stories get fictionalized,” Layton told Uproxx. “I think there were a lot of people who read the script and go, ‘Why are you throwing me out of the movie?' [with the interviews] ‘I'm just in with these characters. Leave me in there.'
“And I'd be like, ‘Yeah, but that's the whole point.' I want you to be thrown out of the movie momentarily. I want you to be constantly grabbed by the lapels and shaken and going, ‘Don't forget this is a true story.' You should have more skin in the game. You should feel more connected, and more worried about the outcome because it's real rather than, ‘Oh, it doesn't affect me. It's a movie, it's a bunch of actors.'”
CLEVELAND — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox to complete a series sweep.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion connected for back-to-back homers in the fourth off Chris Volstad as the Indians opened a 9-0 lead.
The White Sox committed two more errors, dropped their fourth in a row and fell to 16-37. Chicago had five errors in the three-game series.
Yolmer Sanchez homered leading off the ninth as the White Sox avoided a shutout.
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and he didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning his already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escaped by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MANAGING MILLER
The Indians are still working out a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller, who has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue.
Miller has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11. He visited a specialist in New York on Wednesday, and manager Terry Francona said the tests and examination gave Miller “some peace of mind.”
The 33-year-old is not expected to need surgery at this time. Francona said the team will likely have more information Thursday in Minnesota on the next course of action for Miller, who is 1-3 with a 4.40 ERA in 17 appearances.
TRAINER'S ROOM
White Sox: INF Matt Davidson (back spasms) will be re-evaluated when the team returns home for a weekend series against Milwaukee. Davidson, tied for the club lead with 11 home runs, was placed on the DL on Monday.
Indians: Injured OFs Bradley Zimmer (bruised left rib), Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf) and Brandon Guyer (strained neck) are all making progress. Francona said Zimmer is the closest to being activated.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. He picked up his first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make his major league debut — on his 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. He pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on his birthday.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
Adapt or die - that's the ultimatum Gaelic games is facing with other sports turning the heads of young Irish men and women in rural parts of the country.
On the RTÉ GAA Podcast, former Wexford hurling manager Tony Dempsey and current Kildare boss Joe Quaid both voiced their concerns as rugby and soccer in particular provide a lure that's proving hard for many young sportspeople to resist.
Dempsey said it's time to rise to that challenge and strive to do everything possible to make hurling and football the games our next generation are drawn to.
"I'm with my own club this year in hurling and minor football. Of our first 15 players in minor football, their first choice would be rugby," said Dempsey.
"That's new to rural Wexford, it's new to Ireland and I think we have to become aware of the challenge of other sports and we have to make our games more attractive to the players.
"What do we do about it? We listen to the GPA, and we say, 'right, is there something we're not doing that we should be doing?' We need to recognise the challenge of other sports an make our games more attractive than any other sport."
Quaid echoed those sentiments. He highlighted calendar issues and summer stretches without any action as major issues that need to be addressed.
"Anybody playing in the Christy Ring, their season could be conceivably over in three weeks' time. That's not promoting hurling," said Quaid.
"What are they going to do? Guys are going to play rugby where they've set fixtures, a set season, they play from start to finish, the games are scheduled.
"There is definitely a problem with outside sports. We don't make it very easy for club players or county players, to facilitate them, in the summer months. Hurling and football are games that should be played in the summer months."
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
Just asTesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) is discontinuing the 60-kilowatt-hour variant of its Model S, which was its cheapest and lowest-range version of the all-electric vehicle, the automaker is significantly lowering the price of the Model S version with a 75 kWh battery. Here's a closer look at the aggressive pricing move, and what it might mean for Tesla's business.
Continue Reading Below
An aggressively priced entry-level Model S
When Tesla announced last month it would be discontinuing its 60 kWh Model S in April, it looked like there would be a large gap between the $68,000 starting price of the 60 kWh variant and the $77,000 starting price of the 75 kWh variant — Tesla's next-cheapest Model S version. But with the 60 kWh variant now officially discontinued, Tesla has dropped the price of the 75 kWh Model S by $7,500, giving it a starting price of $69,500.
Model S. Image source: author.
While $69,500 is still $1,500 more than the price of Tesla's previous entry-level Model S, there is relative value to be found when the vehicle's features are taken into consideration. The Model S with the 75 kWh battery, for instance, has significantly more range than the 60 kWh one did. The 60 kWh base Model S had about 210 miles of range, while the 75 kWh version can drive up to 249 miles. In addition, Tesla now includes its all-glass roof as a standard option. Previously, the glass-roof option would cost customers an additional $1,500.
Along with the price decrease for its 75 kWh Model S version, Tesla has decreased the price for its dual-motor 75 kWh and dual-motor 90 kWh versions. But Tesla says it will be increasing the prices for its flagship 100 kWh models later this month.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Why these pricing moves make sense
The net impact of these pricing changes will likely be positive for Tesla. The changes could potentially increase demand for Model S while also helping the electric-car maker maintain its profit margin — two key areas for the company right now.
Tesla could use a boost to Model S demand for several reasons. First, Tesla's lower-cost Model 3's July launch is approaching fast; its availability could cannibalize some Model S sales. Second, while Tesla's overall vehicle sales have continued to climb, rising sales recently have primarily been driven by Tesla's newer Model X SUV; a lower price for Model S, therefore, could help Tesla either prevent a decline in Model S demand or possibly even catalyze higher demand for the sedan.
Data source: Tesla quarterly SEC filings and delivery press releases. Chart by author.
While a lower starting price for Model S would drag Tesla's automotive profit margin lower, management seems to believe the upcoming price increase for flagship versions of the vehicle will offset the negative impacts of a lower-priced entry-level Model S, possibly helping Tesla maintain its heady profit margin.
“We expect our total average selling price to remain almost exactly the same,” Tesla said in a statement to press on Monday.
Tesla's automotive gross profit margin is particularly important as the company brings its Model 3 to market later this year. With the Model 3's more aggressive $35,000 starting price, Tesla will need robust gross profit margins from its higher-priced vehicles to help it manage the initial steep costs of Model 3 as the company ramps up the newer vehicle's production rate.
10 stocks we like better than Tesla
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Tesla wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Daniel Sparks owns shares of Tesla. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Tesla. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Police arrested a man from Austintown after he told students and staff at a college in Youngstown that he had a bomb.
Officers were called about 9:30 a.m. Tuesday to Eastern Gateway Community College on East Federal Plaza on reports of a man who spoke to some students about having a bomb or bombs.
When police arrived, they found 37-year-old Peter Steven Harasyn standing outside of the building. Due to the nature of the threat, Harasyn was ordered to the ground at gunpoint. He appeared to be very intoxicated with slurred speech, according to the police report. Police also noted they saw him place a can of High Gravity Lager (malt liquor) on the wall next to him.
When officers asked Harasyn about the mention of having a bomb, he told them he did have dynamite and it was still on him, according to the report. No explosives were found.
Harasyn was arrested and charged with inducing panic, public intoxication and open container. He is being held in the Mahoning County Jail.
Kid Rock hit the stage with Foreigner during the band's recent appearance in Detroit. The appearance was Rock's first public offering in the Detroit area in roughly two years and marks his first live show in the area since expressing interest in a run for the Senate seat from Michigan. “Y'know, I was reading in Rolling Stone magazine the other day, they said Detroit rock ‘n' roll audiences were one of the greatest audience in the world. I said to myself, ‘Shit, I've known that for 10 years!'” to which Foreigner's Kelly Hansen replied, “I can attest to that, yes I can.” Kid Rock joined Foreigner for a performance of “Hot Blooded,” their finale for the evening. Rock also pumped up the crowd yelling: “If you guys yell loud enough they'll do another song.” Sadly this was moments before the city's curfew and the band opted to take a bow and call it a night. Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
Arsenal have been eliminated from the last 16 of the Champions League in each of the past six seasons, but Bayern Munich boss Carlo Ancelotti does not believe a psychological barrier will affect the Gunners.
Arsene Wenger's side last made the quarter-finals of the competition in 2009-10, with Bavaria eliminating them at this stage in 2013 and 2014.
Despite Arsenal's disappointment on the continental stage for a prolonged period, Ancelotti will not be taking anything for granted and is wary of the threat they pose as Bavaria prepare to host Wednesday's first leg.
He told a pre-match news conference: "I don't take this into consideration. It will not be a psychological barrier, and if there is a psychological barrier it means they want to move on from this with this game against us.
"I have a lot of respect that Arsenal can play fantastic football when they are comfortable on the pitch. We have to be able to make them uncomfortable on the pitch.
"We are not playing to avoid [conceding] goals, we are playing to play a good game, to have control of the game.
"It's true that Arsenal are really dangerous in the counter-attack, they have fantastic, fast players, and we take that into consideration. But it's 180 minutes, not only 90 and if we want to move on we have to play well for 180 minutes."
Alexis Sanchez, Mesut Ozil, Theo Walcott and Olivier Giroud were highlighted as potent threats by Ancelotti.
"This group of players is good, really good, because most of them are young with a lot of quality," he said.
"Also they have players with a good mix of experience, and of course the most important players with a lot of quality, Alexis, Ozil, Walcott, Giroud. Up front they are a really, really dangerous team.
"It will be important to play well, defend well and to have balance and to be able to put our strategy in the game."
Ancelotti confirmed Jerome Boateng (chest) and Franck Ribery (hamstring) are the only players unavailable to him.
Police officers block a road approaching the town of Sept-Sorts, about 65 kilometers 40 miles) east of Paris, France after an incident when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017.
Two district councils are to reconsider becoming a single authority - despite the plans being rejected six years ago.
Cabinet members from Mid Suffolk and Babergh District Council will be discussing the move at a public meeting at the King Edmund Chamber, Endeavour House, Ipswich next Friday at 9.30am.
The meeting to consider a new report by joint chief executive, Arthur Charnovia, will relaunch plans first mooted in 2011.
The original plans were put to public vote with voters in Mid Suffolk backing the merger but those in Babergh rejecting the proposal, largely due to fears council tax bills would rise.
This time there will be no public referendum but opinions will be sought.
The report by Arthur Charnovia recommends the merger take place on the basis it will save the two councils around £1m a year, build on existing working arrangements and allow the single council to ‘take a leading role in Suffolk, regionally, and nationally'.
Since 2011, Mr Charvonia, said: “Demand for our services, need, aspiration, funding and wider political and economic circumstances have changed significantly.”
According to the report, a saving of £2m per year across the two councils was achieved by 2014/15 through the sharing of officers and integrating services.
Moves are already underway for both councils to transfer staff to a joint headquarters at Endeavour House, the current home of Suffolk County Council.
Mr Charnovia says the new single council would need to decide the level of council tax across the two districts and that £158 per year for Band D properties would be sufficient to meet the budgetary need of £10,794 for 2018/19.
The Band D figures for 2017/18 were £153.86 for Babergh and £161.97 for Mid Suffolk, a difference of £8.11. The difference was later reduced by £2.39 when Babergh increased its rate by £5 and Mid Suffolk by £2.61 for the same period.
The report concludes, if the merger goes ahead, both councils should manage council tax over the next two years to further reduce the difference, suggesting that if Mid Suffolk froze its council tax rate in 2018/19, and Babergh increased by £5, equalisation could be achieved.
The report recommends both cabinets provisionally endorse the merger and that a ‘comprehensive public engagement' take place this autumn to test public opinion.
In this photo taken Jan. 26, 2018, Mike Moy, an assistant plant manager for Lehigh Hanson Cement Group, inspects a Kespry drone he uses to survey inventories of rock, sand and other building materials at a mining plant in Sunol, California. Robots are coming to a construction site near you. Tech startups are developing self-driving bulldozers, survey drones and bricklaying robots to help the construction industry boost productivity, speed and safety as it struggles to find enough skilled workers. Terry Chea AP Photo
DENVER — The Colorado Rockies selected the contract of right-hander Brooks Pounders from Triple-A Albuquerque.
The 27-year-old Pounders will be available Tuesday night when the Rockies host the San Diego Padres. Pounders made seven relief appearances for Albuquerque this season with four walks, nine strikeouts and a 3.60 ERA. He signed a minor league contract with the Rockies last December.
A California native, Pounders appeared in the majors last season with the Los Angeles Angels. He was originally a second-round pick by Pittsburgh in 2009.
In other moves, righty Scott Oberg was optioned to Albuquerque and righty Zach Jemiola was designated for assignment.
Oberg has appeared in 10 games this season for Colorado with a 1-0 record and a 6.55 ERA.
WASHINGTON — John Kelly, the White House chief of staff, abruptly scrapped plans to travel with President Donald Trump on Wednesday so he could try to contain his boss's fury and manage the fallout from new revelations about tensions between the president and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, according to six senior administration officials.
Kelly summoned Tillerson, and their ally Defense Secretary James Mattis, to the White House, where the three of them huddled to discuss a path forward, according to three administration officials. The White House downplayed Kelly's decision to stay in Washington, saying he did so to manage day-to-day operations.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed NBC News Report on Tillerson Sparks White House Outrage 1:44 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Vice President Mike Pence, meanwhile, was fuming in Phoenix, where he was traveling, seven officials told NBC News. He and Tillerson spoke on the phone before the secretary's public appearance on Wednesday morning.
Related: Tillerson's Fury at Trump Required an Intervention from Pence
Pence was incensed upon learning from the NBC report that Tillerson's top spokesman had said he once privately questioned the value of Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. Officials said the spokesman, R.C. Hammond, fabricated an anecdote that Pence had asked Tillerson in a meeting whether Haley, who is seen as a possible successor to Tillerson, is helpful or harmful to the administration.
NBC reported Wednesday that Tillerson had threatened to resign in July after a series of clashes with the president, at one point venting his frustrations among his colleagues by calling the president a "moron," according to multiple senior administration officials who were aware of the matter at the time.
Four senior administration officials said Trump first learned on Wednesday that Tillerson had disparaged him after a July 20 national security meeting at the Pentagon. Trump vented to Kelly Wednesday morning, leading Kelly to scrap plans to travel with the president to Las Vegas to meet with victims and first responders in Sunday's mass shooting.
Trump was furious when he saw the NBC News report, which was published shortly before 6 a.m. Wednesday.
Vice President Mike Pence, right, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speak during the inaugural meeting of the National Space Council at the National Air and Space Museum on Oct. 5, 2017 in Chantilly, Virginia. Mark Wilson / Getty Images
For the next two hours the president fumed inside the White House, venting to Kelly, officials said.
He left for Las Vegas shortly after 8 a.m., 20 minutes behind schedule.
Tillerson scrambled to pull together a statement, while his spokesman publicly apologized for his comments about Pence and Haley, saying he “spoke out of line about conversations I wasn't privy to.”
Tillerson delivered a statement praising Trump and insisting he never considered resigning, but it's what he didn't say that further enraged Trump, officials said.
The secretary's refusal to deny that he had called the president a “moron” in his opening statement and in his responses to questions from reporters stoked Trump's anger and widened the rift between the two men, officials said.
After watching the secretary's response Wednesday, one White House official said, “When Tillerson didn't deny it, I assumed it was true.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rex Tillerson: I 'never considered leaving' State Department 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Hammond is seen by the White House, particularly Pence's office, as untrustworthy, officials said. It's unclear if he will remain in his post, according to three administration officials.
Pence was "very annoyed anyone would misrepresent anything he said, particularly in private meetings," one White House official said.
On Wednesday, this source said, White House officials spoke to State Department officials to make it clear that Hammond's comment was “false” and needed to be corrected.
The revelations followed Trump's frustrations over the weekend after Tillerson said the U.S. would talk to North Korea.
State Department officials tried to reach Tillerson on his government aircraft during his flight from Beijing to Japan, but they couldn't reach him, sources said. The secretary and his team didn't want to issue a clarification, further stoking tensions with the White House, an administration official said.
Trump took to Twitter, telling Tillerson not to waste his time trying to negotiate with the North Korean regime.
Additional reporting from Peter Alexander, Hallie Jackson and Vivian Salama.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Republicans who control a majority of the nation's statehouses are considering a wide range of abortion legislation that could test the government's legal ability to restrict a woman's right to terminate pregnancy.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
New York (AP) — Copper futures trading on the NY Merc Mon:
(25,000 lbs., cents per lb.)
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Full moons always make for dramatic skywatching, but so-called “supermoons” are even more special because they appear a bit bigger and brighter than a typical full moon.
What is a supermoon?
It's a full moon that coincides with lunar perigee, the point in the moon's elliptical orbit around Earth when it is closest to our planet.
On average, the moon orbits at a distance of about 238,000 miles from Earth. But at perigee, it's about 226,000 miles away — or about 12,000 miles closer to Earth. So if the moon is full at this point, it appears up to 30 percent brighter and up to 14 percent larger than a full moon that occurs when the moon is at its most distant point from Earth in its elliptical orbit. That point is known as lunar apogee.
It's nearly impossible to compare the apparent size of the supermoon with a micromoon from memory, but when seen side-by-side as in this graphic, it becomes clear. NASA/JPL-Caltech
The term supermoon was coined by an astrologer, and not all astronomers are comfortable with it. Neil deGrasse Tyson, director of the Hayden Planetarium at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City, said in a 2017 tweet that “the very concept of a Super Moon is an embarrassment to everything else we call super: Supernova, Supercollider, Superman, Super Mario Bros.”
Other experts don't mind the term because it offers a starting point for scientific discussions about the moon, including the fact that its orbit is elliptical and not circular, as many people assume.
And as Penn State University astronomer Christopher Palma wrote in 2016, "As an observational astronomer who teaches students about the behavior of the moon, I'm thankful for anything that inspires people to go out and look at the sky.”
How often do supermoons occur?
About once every 14 months.
When is the next supermoon?
There will be no more supermoons in 2018. Here are supermoons in the next three years:
Jan. 21, 2019
Feb. 19, 2019
March 21, 2019
Feb. 9, 2020
March 9, 2020
April 8, 2020
May 7, 2020
March 28, 2021
April 27, 2021
May 26, 2021
June 24, 2021
Does the supermoon cause problems on Earth?
Despite what you may have read, there is no scientific evidence linking supermoons with severe weather, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, or other natural phenomena.
What about the other terms I hear for the full moon?
A blue moon is the second full moon during a single calendar month. Despite the name, a blue moon doesn't appear blue.
A blood moon is a full moon that occurs during a total lunar eclipse. When Earth slips between the full moon and the sun, the moon falls under Earth's shadow and takes on a reddish hue.
Ancient cultures assigned names to each month's full moon depending in part upon the behavior of plants and animals at the time. The Farmer's Almanac lists the following:
January – Wolf Moon
February – Snow Moon
March – Worm Moon
April – Pink Moon
May – Flower Moon
June – Strawberry Moon
July – Buck Moon
August – Sturgeon Moon
September – Harvest Moon
October – Hunter's Moon
November – Beaver Moon
December – Cold Moon
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
The trial is underway of a former Boston Celtics basketball player accused of receiving guns there were stolen off a freight train in Chicago.
Forty-three-year-old Nate Driggers looked on Monday during opening statements. A prosecutor held up one of the guns and told jurors Driggers dealt in stolen goods.
The theft of around 100 new handguns, valued at $50,000, occurred on April 12, 2015 at a South Side rail yard. Prosecutors say the thieves were street gan members and delivered 30 guns to Driggers the same day.
A defense lawyer said the government's main witnesses are the thieves themselves who have reason to lie in hopes of reduced sentences.
Driggers' career in the NBA was brief. He played in about a dozen games for the Celtics in the 1996-97 season.
Ex-Police Officer r*pes his friend, 9-Year-Old Daughter In Calabar
The Police have arrested a retired officer of the Nigeria Police Force identified as Mr. Christopher Archibong at the Mbukpa Police station for allegedly defiling a 9 year old girl in Calabar, Cross River State. The mother of the victim, Mrs. Peace Edem Okon said she had gone to the market and left instructions with …
The post Ex-Police Officer r*pes his friend, 9-Year-Old Daughter In Calabar appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
At a joint news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron, Trump said he had not heard the "particular allegations" against Jackson, calling the Navy doctor a "great leader" and "one of the finest people I've ever met."
But the president conceded that the rear admiral had "an experience problem — his lack of experience," with some senators questioning whether he possessed the expertise required to run one of the federal government's largest bureaucracies.
And Trump said he had told Jackson that the position was not worth the harsh scrutiny he was currently experiencing.
"I told Admiral Jackson just a little while ago, I said, 'What do you need this for?'" Trump said. "This is a vicious group of people that malign, and they do, and I lived through it, we all live through it. You people are getting record ratings because of it, so congratulations. But I said, what do you need it for?"
TUGUEGARAO CITY—About 30 suspected members of the New People's Army (NPA) set ablaze several construction equipment in an attack at a construction site on Saturday in Cagayan town, Santa Teresita, the military said.
The armed group, believed to be communist rebels, burned two backhoes and a dump truck at about 6:30 a.m. in Barangay (village) Dungeg, said Lt. Col. Camilo Saddam, 17th Infantry Battalion commander.
The dump truck and a backhoe belonged to the DDP Construction company while the other back hoe was registered to Tiboc Construction. Both firms operate quarries for local construction projects.
ADVERTISEMENT
Two company caretakers were allegedly held by the armed men but were released after the arson.
Saddam said the armed group fled to the foothills near Gonzaga town. /jpv
Sean Rayford
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley Confirmed as UN Ambassador
The two-term governor faced questions from Democrats over her lack of experience with global affairs but won plaudits from senators for her handling of prickly issues like Russia and UN actions toward Israel during her confirmation hearings.
Brilliant pale pink and nuances of pale pink, transparent. Brilliant pale pink and nuances of pale pink, transparent.
Intense, clean and pleasing, starts with hints of strawberry, raspberry and cyclamen followed by aromas of cherry, plum and apple. Intense, clean and pleasing, starts with hints of strawberry, raspberry and cyclamen followed by aromas of cherry, plum and apple.
Crisp attack and however balanced by alcohol, good body, intense flavors. Crisp attack and however balanced by alcohol, good body, intense flavors.
Persistent finish with flavors of strawberry, raspberry and apple. Persistent finish with flavors of strawberry, raspberry and apple.
Aged in steel tanks. Aged in steel tanks.
It's the end of an era for Yahoo as the one-time dot com wunderkind officially became a part of Verizon on Tuesday.
Both companies announced the completion of the $4.48 billion deals Tuesday morning. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, arguably the most high profile female executive in Silicon Valley, wrote on her Tumblr that she will be leaving the company.
And Mayer will certainly do it in style. She's said to be receiving a $23 million golden parachute, according to an earlier company filing.
Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer appears on NBC News' "Today" show on Feb. 20, 2013 in New York. Peter Kramer / AP
Related: What Could Marissa Mayer Do After Yahoo?
"While reaching this moment has certainly been a long road traveled, it marks the end of an era for Yahoo, as well as the beginning of a new chapter — it's an emotional time for all of us," Mayer told employees in an email. "Given the inherent changes to my role, I'll be leaving the company. However, I want all of you to know that I'm brimming with nostalgia, gratitude, and optimism."
Related: Marissa Mayer Leaving Yahoo After Merger Completed
Verizon now owns the bones of Yahoo — its core internet businesses such as Yahoo Mail, Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Finance, Yahoo News, and advertising.
Related: Yahoo Rebrands Core Business as Oath; Twitter Responds
The leftovers, which include Yahoo's holdings in Yahoo Japan and Chinese conglomerate Alibaba are not part of the deal and are now be part of a holding company named Altaba.
Mayer has mostly kept a low profile since announcing the acquisition last July, which was initially set at $4.83 billion but was later reduced after Yahoo disclosed two unprecedented hacks. The first, involving 500 million accounts, was announced in September. The second, impacting more than one billion accounts, was disclosed in December.
TOMBALL, Texas - It's the end of the school year, but a fresh coat of paint is already going up on the Tomball High School baseball field.
All of it -- to cover up the ugly mess made overnight by a group of vandals.
A worried resident who doesn't live far from the school said, "It's extremely disappointing that somebody would do that, considering that's a place that kids go."
The district says the group of about six went to the school around midnight to vandalize multiple areas across the campus.
That included spray-painting vulgar and crude comments and even obscene pictures.
Rob Dengering, another resident upset by the vandalism at High School explained, "It's total vandalism. It's spray paint. If you were to spray paint anything in the city of Houston, you can go to jail for it."
Even a statue of the school's mascot was covered in blue paint.
What the vandals probably weren't counting on was security cameras catching them in the act.
The district said it's now reviewing footage and working with the Tomball Police Department to catch those responsible.
All the while, crews continue their work to get it all cleaned.
"Whoever did it needs to be accountable for it," said Darwin McBee, who lives by the high school.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Gabrielle Union and Will Packer stop by the V studios to talk about their new movie Breaking In. Where Union not only acts in but also produces alongside filmmaker Will Packer. Packer putting her out there saying, “This isn't her first go around,” mentioning how the Being Mary Jane star is up for Breakthrough Producer of The Year at CinemaCon 2018 in Vegas.
Gabrielle Union has been busy working on a pilot for L.A.'s Finest, where she'll play Special Agent Sid Burnett, a spin off story line form her character in the Bad Boy's movie franchise. Also signing a two-year contract to develop broadcast, cable and digital content for Sony TV. During the interview, Union pushes the importance of creating roles and opportunities for minorities in film and television as well as pushing for change in the world of politics. Check out the full interview + trailer below.
(AP Photo/John Raoux). United States' Christian Pulisic (10) celebrates after scoring a goal against Panama during the first half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla.
(AP Photo/John Raoux). United States' Christian Pulisic (10) gets past Panama goalkeeper Jaime Penedo (1) to score a goal during the first half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla.
(AP Photo/John Raoux). Fans hold banners and cheer as the U.S. team takes the field for a World Cup qualifying soccer match against Panama, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The United States won 4-0.
(AP Photo/John Raoux). Fireworks explode over Orlando City Stadium during the U.S. national anthem before the team's World Cup qualifying soccer match against Panama, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. The United States won 4-0.
(AP Photo/John Raoux). United States' Bobby Wood (9) celebrates his goal against Panama in front of cheering fans, with teammates Dax McCarty (13) and Michael Bradley (4) during the second half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match, Friday, Oct. 6, 20...
By RONALD BLUMAP Sports Writer
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - American soccer players do not want fly over 8,000 miles to Malaysia next month for a playoff against Syria or make a 7,000-mile-plus journey for a match in Australia.
After getting just one point in two September qualifiers, a loss to Panama on Friday night would have left the U.S. with one more chance to reach next year's World Cup: by winning a playoff against the fifth-place nation in Asia. And the Americans weren't even assured of that.
"We still knew that everything was in our hands. It still is," defender Matt Besler said after Friday night's 4-0 rout of the Panamanians lifted the United States back into third place - the last automatic berth in the North and Central American and Caribbean region.
The Americans have overcome an 0-2 start and head into their final game of the hexagonal on Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago with 12 points, two ahead of Panama and three ahead of Honduras, which plays Saturday at Costa Rica.
A win would put the U.S. in its eighth straight World Cup as long as Honduras does not defeat the Ticos and Mexico while overcoming its goal difference against the U.S., currently 12.
A draw at Trinidad would be sufficient unless Honduras wins its last two matches and Panama does not beat Costa Rica by eight goals (or seven if Panama somehow overcomes its deficit in total goals vs. the U.S., currently nine).
Retired goalkeeper Kasey Keller, now an ESPN analyst, said the reality of the situation hit the Americans after the 2-0 loss to Costa Rica in New Jersey and the 1-1 draw at Honduras.
"Oh, boy. We don't have any time. We have to put it right," Keller said of the thought process. "So much of the rhetoric before the game was there had to be a start to this match that kind of emphasized the poor results from September, and I think you saw that. You needed stars to show up, and the U.S.'s biggest star showed up and scored the first, created the second."
Christian Pulisic, the 19-year-old from Hershey, Pennsylvania, who is a rising star with Germany's Borussia Dortmund, helped energize the U.S. when he was shifted to central midfield from the flanks. He scored with a brilliant touch in the eighth minute and passed to Jozy Altidore, who doubled the lead in the 19th.Altidore converted a penalty kick in the 43rd and Bobby Wood got the final goal in the 63rd.
"It was exactly what I expected," U.S. captain Michael Bradley said, "and now we've got to make sure that in a few days' time were ready to go to Trinidad and after 15 games of qualifying make sure that we finish things off in the right way."
A playoff against Syria would raise the issue of whether President Donald Trump's administration would allow opposing players to enter the U.S. for the first leg. Syria is among the nations in the administration's current travel ban. A playoff against either team would include wearying travel, especially for American players based in Europe who would return home for the first leg, travel to Malaysia or Australia for the second, then return to Europe for matches with their clubs.
But if the Americans clinch, next month's games likely would be a pair of exhibitions in Europe.
In the days leading up to the Panama match, American players spoke with seriousness. After the big win, they could admit the burden they had felt.
"Of course there was pressure," Besler said. "We all felt it and felt a big responsibility for the team and for our country."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Lions Club motto “We Serve” exemplifies its connection to serving its communities. One such program touches the kids in their community and that is the GOOD Program.
The Leesburg Lions Club met May 21 to honor eight Fairfield Local students from grades 5-12 with GOOD Program awards.
The GOOD Program (Going On Or Defeated) was started by Lion Ron Derry, an Ohio teacher who after 18 years of teaching suddenly went blind. He has dedicated his life to encouraging people to understand that all problems can be overcome. The GOOD Program recognizes young people who work hard and exhibit standards of good citizenship, personal skills and study habits. One student from each of the eight grades was chosen by their teachers and each student received a letter of recommendation from the teachers, a certificate and a GOOD T-shirt. The senior recipient also received a $500 scholarship.
Lion Ron Derry from the Baltimore Lions Club was present and gave an inspirational message to the students and families who accompanied them. Leesburg Lion Raymond Friend presented the certificates and T-shirts.
This year's winning students were: Zane Matthews,fifth grade; Gwen Cox, sixth grade; Adam Rice-Berwanger, seventh grade; Sophie Young, eighth grade; freshman Garret Tipton; sophomore Gabrielle Cummins; junior Hayleigh Lowe; and senior Kailey Seitz. The Leesburg Lions Club congratulates all these fine students.
Submitted by Jay Newland, Leesburg Lions Club.
Pictured with Lion Ron Derry are the 2018 Leesburg Lions Club GOOD Award winners, from left, were Zane Matthews, Sophie Young, Garrett Tipton, Hayleigh Lowe, Derry and Kailey Seitz. Not pictured are Gwen Cox, Adam Rice-Berwanger and Gabrielle Cummins. https://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/05/web1_GOOD-pic.jpg Pictured with Lion Ron Derry are the 2018 Leesburg Lions Club GOOD Award winners, from left, were Zane Matthews, Sophie Young, Garrett Tipton, Hayleigh Lowe, Derry and Kailey Seitz. Not pictured are Gwen Cox, Adam Rice-Berwanger and Gabrielle Cummins.
To the Editor:
I am honored to announce my candidacy as Democratic nominee for the Board of Finance.
I was inspired long ago by Mary Ann Guitar to help sustain Redding's unique character, and as the key voice of the Planning Commission for many years, I contributed substantively to the town's land-use planning. However, the job of nurturing this special town is never done, and we haven't yet achieved the 21st-Century incarnation of Redding's “Clean and Green” vision.
Moreover, Redding is at risk from its marginal tax base. We face near-term financial decisions about Georgetown that could resolve or worsen this problem. I previously introduced national-award-winning physical planning to Georgetown but in two instances over a 30-year development period, dramatic failures have occurred on the financial side. I now feel the Board of Finance is the best place to contribute my knowledge of the past, along with my future-oriented planning skills, to both fiscal and physical development in Georgetown.
Beyond Georgetown, a creative Board of Finance needs to be prepared to contribute to the town's strategic vision in successful teamwork with the Planning Commission, the Board of Selectmen and the people of Redding.
I feel my voice on the Board of Finance will assist also in overcoming some notable communication and management issues in its day-to-day business. I offer both established political skill and the common-sense economic knowledge that comes from successfully running a business, winning and serving clients, and meeting a payroll for the past 32 years.
My professional life revolves around my well-known Fairfield County architecture firm. I am uniquely qualified by my professional experience and my years already spent envisioning Redding's future, to help carry the town into the next generation with its values, its self-image, the excellence of its schools, and its triple-A financial strength intact.
I have raised and educated a family in Redding, my wife works in Redding, my mother-in-law lives at Meadow Ridge, and I love the town and care about it not just for this year or a few years, but for generations to come.
For more on specific issues, visit Facebook @RobBOF17.
Rob Dean
South African police kill teen during anti-graft protests
South African police said on Tuesday one of their officers had shot dead a teenager during anti-corruption protests which have forced the president to cut short a foreign trip.
Riots over alleged government corruption and poor public services erupted last week in the North West province, where cars were set ablaze and shops looted in the first wave of unrest to face President Cyril Ramaphosa, who came to power in February.
“A 16-year-old boy was found dead during a violent protest yesterday evening in Taung,” provincial police spokesman Sabata Mokgwabone told AFP.
“He was shot dead by the police,” police watchdog spokesman Moses Dlamini told AFP, adding that investigators had been dispatched to the town where the situation was “still very volatile”.
“At this stage we are trying to gather information about what happened,” said Dlamini, of the Independent Police Investigative Directorate.
After prematurely returning home from a Commonwealth summit in London on Friday and going straight into talks with local provincial leaders, Ramaphosa appealed for calm and promised a “speedy” resolution of the crisis.
Following a lull over the weekend, new protests broke out on Monday — this time in Taung town, 300 kilometres (about 200 miles) from the provincial capital Mahikeng which was the epicentre of last week's protests.
Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets during clashes with the protesters.
The North West province has been a hotbed of unrest due to frustration over lack of housing, health services and jobs.
Much of the anger has been directed at Supra Mahumapelo, the provincial premier, who is accused of involvement in graft scandals that have engulfed the ruling African National Congress party.
He is accused of diverting 1.5 million rand ($120,000) from government coffers to buy cattle for former president Jacob Zuma.
His son allegedly received a 1.1 million rand pilot-training bursary from the state arms manufacturer under suspicious circumstances.
Ramaphosa, who took over from Zuma three months ago, has vowed to crack down on government corruption.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PORTLAND, Ore. — When Oregon lawmakers created the state's legal marijuana program, they had one goal in mind above all else: to convince illicit pot growers to leave the black market.
That meant low barriers to entry that also targeted long-standing medical marijuana growers, whose product is not taxed. As a result, weed production boomed — with a bitter consequence.
Now, marijuana prices here are in freefall, and the craft cannabis farmers who put Oregon on the map decades before broad legalization say they are in peril of losing their now-legal businesses as the market adjusts.
Oregon regulators on Wednesday announced they will stop processing new applications for marijuana licenses in two weeks to address a severe backlog and ask state lawmakers to take up the issue next year.
Experts say the dizzying evolution of Oregon's marijuana industry may well be a cautionary tale for California, where a similar regulatory structure could mean an oversupply on a much larger scale.
“For the way the program is set up, the state just wants to get as many people in as possible, and they make no bones about it,” Hilary Bricken, a Los Angeles-based attorney specializing in marijuana business law, said of California. “Most of these companies will fail as a result of oversaturation.”
Oregon has nearly 1 million pounds (453,600 kilograms) of marijuana flower — commonly called bud — in its inventory, a staggering amount for a state with about 4 million people. Producers told The Associated Press wholesale prices fell more than 50 per cent in the past year; a study by the state's Office of Economic Analysis found the retail cost of a gram of marijuana fell from $14 in 2015 to $7 in 2017.
The oversupply can be traced largely to state lawmakers' and regulators' earliest decisions to shape the industry.
They were acutely aware of Oregon's entrenched history of providing top-drawer pot to the black market nationwide, as well as a concentration of small farmers who had years of cultivation experience in the legal, but largely unregulated, medical pot program.
Getting those growers into the system was critical if a legitimate industry was to flourish, said Sen. Ginny Burdick, a Portland Democrat who co-chaired a committee created to implement the voter-approved legalization measure.
Lawmakers decided not to cap licenses; to allow businesses to apply for multiple licenses; and to implement relatively inexpensive licensing fees.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which issues licenses, announced Wednesday it will put aside applications for new licenses received after June 15 until a backlog of pending applications is cleared out. The decision comes after U.S. Attorney Billy Williams challenged state officials to address Oregon's oversupply problem.
“In my view, and frankly in the view of those in the industry that I've heard from, it's a failing of the state for not stepping back and taking a look at where this industry is at following legalization,” Williams told the AP in a phone interview.
But those in the industry supported the initial decisions that led to the oversupply, Burdick said.
“We really tried to focus on policies that would rein in the medical industry and snuff out the black market as much as possible,” Burdick said.
Lawmakers also quickly backtracked on a rule requiring marijuana businesses have a majority of ownership by someone with Oregon residency after entrepreneurs complained it was hard to secure startup money. That change opened the door to out-of-state companies with deep pockets that could begin consolidating the industry.
The state has granted 1,001 producer licenses and has another 950 in process as of last week. State officials worry if they cut off licensing entirely or turn away those already in the application process, they'll get sued or encourage illegal trade.
Some of the same parameters are taking shape in California, equally known for black-market pot from its Emerald Triangle region.
The rules now in effect there place caps only on certain, medium-sized growing licenses. In some cases, companies have acquired dozens of growing licenses, which can be operated on the same or adjoining parcels. The growers association is suing to block those rules, fearing they will open the way for vast farms that will drive out smaller cultivators.
Beau Whitney, senior economist at national cannabis analytics firm New Frontier Data, said he's seeing California prices fall.
In contrast, Washington knew oversupply could draw federal attention and was more conservative about licensing. As the market matured, its regulators eased growing limits, but the state never experienced an oversupply crisis.
Colorado has no caps on licenses, but strict rules designed to limit oversupply allow the state to curtail a growers' farm size based on past crop yields, existing inventory, sales deals and other factors.
In Oregon, cannabis retail chains are emerging to take advantage of the shake-up.
A company called Nectar has 13 stores around the state — with three more on tap — and says on its website it is buying up for-sale dispensaries too. Canada-based Golden Leaf Holdings bought the successful Oregon startup Chalice and has six stores around Portland, with another slated to open.
William Simpson, Chalice's founder and Golden Leaf Holdings CEO, is expanding into Northern California, Nevada and Canada. Simpson welcomes criticism that he's dumbing down cannabis the same way Starbucks brought coffee to a mass market.
“If you take Chalice like Starbucks, it's a known quantity, it's a brand that people know and trust,” he said.
Amy Margolis, executive director of the Oregon Cannabis Association, says that capping licenses would only spur even more consolidation in the long-term. The state is currently working on a study that should provide data and more insight into what lies ahead.
“I don't think that everything in this state is motivated by struggle and failure,” she said. “I'm very interested to see … how this market settles itself and (in) being able to do that from a little less of a reactionary place.”
For now, Oregon's smaller marijuana businesses are trying to stay afloat.
A newly formed group will launch an ad campaign this fall to tell Oregonians why they should pay more for mom-and-pop cannabis. Adam Smith, who founded the Oregon Craft Cannabis Alliance, believes 70 per cent of Oregon's small growers and retailers will go out of business if consumers don't respond.
“We could turn around in three to four years and realize that 10 to 12 major companies own a majority of the Oregon industry and that none of it is really based here anymore,” he said. “The Oregon brand is really all about authenticity. It's about people with their hands in the dirt, making something they love as well as they can. How do we save that?”
——
Associated Press writers Gene Johnson in Seattle, Michael R. Blood in Los Angeles and Kathleen Foody in Denver contributed to this report.
——
Flaccus is a member of the AP's marijuana beat team. Follow her on Twitter at https://twitter.com/gflaccus. Follow complete AP marijuana coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana
FILE - In this March 25, 2014 file photo, Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. An aide to Slaughter says the 88-year old Democratic congresswoman from upstate New York has died. Evan Vucci AP Photo
More Videos 3:57 Cop Shop Podcast: Teen son wants brandy, mom says no, Chihuahua yaps Pause 1:03 Man strapped to back board after being hit by vehicle at Macon high-rise 1:32 She had no risk factors. But at 33, she was diagnosed with breast cancer 0:31 Three shot at Macon house 1:30 Bird's-eye view from the largest traveling Ferris wheel in America 1:15 Chuck Shaheen talks about why he should be elected mayor 2:01 Eason gets injured, Fromm leads Georgia to victory 0:45 Major changes coming to Macon Coliseum 0:58 Warner Robins defeats Houston County 1:34 Lorenzo Carter: 'We play old-school football' Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Three shot at Macon house Three people were wounded in gunfire Oct. 6, 2017, at a house on Mikado Avenue after a man toting a gun became irate for not being paid for a job. Three people were wounded in gunfire Oct. 6, 2017, at a house on Mikado Avenue after a man toting a gun became irate for not being paid for a job. Laura Corley and Woody Marshall The Telegraph
Three people were wounded in gunfire Oct. 6, 2017, at a house on Mikado Avenue after a man toting a gun became irate for not being paid for a job. Laura Corley and Woody Marshall The Telegraph
New York Yankees starting pitcher CC Sabathia throws to a Los Angeles Angels batter during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. Jae C. Hong AP Photo
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:38 We'll be there
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
If you've started exploring the new RDM 13, you may be wondering what we've done with the feature that allowed you to share favorite sessions and entries with other users. Yes, that's right, I said “allowed” instead of “allows” — because this feature is no longer available. What's the deal?
Here's the story: based on feedback from our amazing community of IT pros (that would be YOU), we realized that the option to share favorites wasn't really helpful. After all, favorites are unique to each person, just like bookmarks in a browser.
However, instead of eliminating this feature, we hit the reset button and made it more useful in three ways:
1. Flag as Favorite
Now when you right-click a session, you can choose to “Flag as Favorite.” This adds it to the preferred sessions/entries in your Favorites treeview tab.
Read the entire article here, Improved Feature in Remote Desktop Manager 13: Favorites
Via the fine folks at Devolutions.
A white nationalist accused of assaulting three protesters at a Donald Trump campaign rally last year alleged the president authorized him to remove disruptive people when he said "Get 'em out of here," court papers filed Monday say.
Matthew Heimbach, of the Traditionalist Worker Party, became the second defendant named in a March 30 lawsuit alleging Trump incited the assault to use the president's own words as a defense.
Matthew Heimbach, center, chairman of the Traditionalist Worker Party, and fellow supporters spread support for their third party movement in Beattyville, Kentucky, on March 26, 2016. Michael Reaves / The Washington Post/Getty Images
"Heimbach relied on Trump's authority to order disruptive persons removed and that Trump was legally within his rights to ask other attendees to assist in defending their constitutional rights," the documents say.
If Heimbach is found liable in the suit, the documents say, Trump should indemnify him.
Another defendant, 75-year-old Alvin Bamberger, offered a similar argument in court papers filed Friday in the U.S. District Court for Western Kentucky.
Related: 10 Injured During White Nationalist Rally in California Capital
Heimbach denied the charges of assault, battery and other allegations, the documents say.
Trump's lawyers sought to dismiss the March 30 suit, arguing the president didn't mean for his supporters to use force during the March 1, 2016 rally in Louisville, Kentucky.
Judge David J. Hale rejected that claim, ruling there was considerable evidence linking the protesters' injuries to Trump's actions.
The Southern Poverty Law Center describes Heimbach's Traditionalist Worker Party as "a white nationalist group that advocates for racially pure nations and communities and blames Jews for many of the world's problems."
China's Hawaii
Solomon Elusoji, who recently joined a group to visit Sanya in Hainan, China's southernmost province, writes about the big ambitions of Chinese tourism
We start to see the world in a different light as soon as we get off the feiji at Sanya's Phoneix International Airport. Although the sun can no more be seen, the air is warm, the skies are blue and clear. The group warms to this as jackets go off and smiles crowd out the twinge of winter. During the very short walk from the terminal to the bus park, I lose count of the number of relieved sighs.
What moves past us through the windows, as we drive towards the hotel, is an endless stream of picturesque hills, small streams and green fields. Then there is the South China Sea – blue waters that stretched the imagination eastwards, far beyond the horizon.
The hotel comes too quickly. It is a giant building with fat pillars, a sprawling lobby fitted with polished floors and a domed ceiling. Most of the rooms have a view of the ocean, which is separated from the building only by a brief thatch of green vegetation.
We have a quick buffet dinner – crabs, squids, vegetables, roasted duck, rice, all sort of things – and eight from the group wander past the green vegetation and towards the beach. It is dark. Distant skyscrapers glimmer in the distance. The waters charge towards us like a bull, then retreat. We step on it, into it, tease it. There is no music but that does not stop our dance. We shout into the void.
Walking along the beach's coast, we encounter several couples dressed in wedding clothes taking photographs. The photographers have big cameras and those umbrella-like things professional photo-men carry around to help them control the vicissitudes of light. We also walk past men seating on the sand, holding the end of a fishing hook.
The next morning, we are driven to another hotel in Sanya, MGM Grand, to attend the Boao Forum's Media Leaders Summit for Asia. Like meetings of this kind, it is a bland affair consisting of delegates who give speeches about how important it is for media across Asia to cooperate for the region's economic growth and political stability.
The Summit is followed by a trip back to our resident hotel, then lunch, before we are ushered out to meet with Sanya City officials and then have dinner with the Vice Mayor of the Sanya Municipal Government, Mr. Wang Tieming.
Welcome to Sanya in Hainan
Sanya on Hainan Island, China's southernmost province, is known as the Hawaii of China. In 2017, the city made the New York Times' top 52 places to visit in the world, where it was described as a destination with “stunning white sand beaches and shimmering blue waters.”
In Sanya, the array of international hotels is stunning. St. Regis, MGM hotels and Hilton lie on a stretch of white-sand beach on Yalong Bay. Elsewhere in town, Hyatt, Westin, Shangri-La, Four Points by Sheraton, and other prominent chains have built properties.
There is also no shortage of things to do, from water sports to taking a walk in the avalanche of nature parks that dot the city.
Once home to small time farmers and fishermen, Hainan's explosive growth has been largely fuelled by desire from China's central government to make it an international tourism destination. During the 1990s, the Chinese government designated the island as one of the country's “special economic zones”, prompting property speculators to flock there. In December 2009, China's State Council, which is the country's cabinet, issued a memorandum that noted Hainan had been designated a “test case” in developing an “internationally competitive destination.” In April, this year, President Xi Jinping announced that the government had decided to build the whole of Hainan Island into a pilot international free trade zone.
One major method through which the government has pushed tourism in Hainan is through infrastructure development. A high-speed railway that zips around the island was completed in 2015 and the Sanya Airport is a stunning, modern edifice that facilitates flights between 136 domestic and 23 international airlines. The road network is also first class, allowing visitors move around hitch-free.
But, like all fairy-tales, Hainan's story is not without its problems. The Island has seen an astronomical rise in property prices, a phenomenon that has seen locals priced out of the market, leading to criticism from several quarters in China, including from editors of the People's Daily, a government run newspaper. “How can we create a stable and harmonious living environment if the island's ordinary residents do not have the ability to buy housing?” the editors have written.
There is also the continuous battle with ecological deterioration, water pollution and construction chaos, problems which have been aggravated by the Province's exploding population. For example, population in Sanya city was 300,000 in 1988. By 2016, the figure had doubled.
Meanwhile, as more investments flow in, city officials are keen to attract more foreign visitors to Sanya. In 2015, tourist arrivals in Sanya neared 15 million, almost 70 per cent more than five years earlier and revenues from tourism businesses more than doubled over that time to $4.5 billion. But 98 per cent of visitors to the island were Chinese.
Keeping in touch with nature
The sun is up again, working its way from the east. It is our second morning in Sanya and we are on the bus, heading towards the Baopoling ecological restoration project. The scenery along the road is stunning; coconut trees splay lazily in the early light, green hills rear their heads across sloping landmarks and the road itself, smooth and sleek, snakes through tunnels.
Baopoling is a small town in Sanya that lies just off the G98 Hainan Expressway. The terrain is bumpy and surrounded by green mountains. The ecological restoration project we are visiting is a lush green mountain that sits just beside a cement factory. Mr. Xing Yuting, an Environmental Engineer at the site, tells us that the mountain, which has been mined for decades for limestone, used to be bare, without any earth, until the government decided to restore it through a three-year project expected to gulp up to $20 million.
Already in its second year, the mountain's green mini-forest is evidence of remarkable progress.
While Xing speaks and we listen under the mild but bright sun at the foot of the mountain, irrigation pumps, which are powered by energy from solar panels, spray water across the massive hump. Several animals, Xing explains, have also been transplanted into the ecosystem.
“The mountain, after the three-year project, is expected to serve as a tourist site and is an indication of how governments in China, both central and regional, are focused on preserving the environment,” Xing tells us.
China's most beautiful village?
Later in the day, we are driven to Zhongliao Village, a model for poverty relief efforts in Sanya. China has set itself a target to eliminate poverty by 2020 and Zhongliao has emerged as one of the country's most fascinating success stories in recent times.
Zhongliao, which is about 18 kilometres from Sanya's city centre, was, some few years back, just a small, agriculture-based village. But, in October 2015, a project to renovate the village was launched. The aim was to build basic facilities for receiving tourists.
The project, which included the construction of a trail around the village lake, linking the village to nearby highways, and rezoning orchards and farms – was completed in early February 2016, just days before the Spring Festival, China's most widely celebrated traditional moment.
That 2016 Spring Festival, the reborn village was open to tourists “and visitors were welcomed by the lake and ponds brimming with blossoming lotuses, rose gardens and various orchards, local fruits and food, as well as the characteristic hospitality of the Li ethnic people,” China Daily's Zhao Shijun wrote in 2016.
Since then, tourists have flicked to Zhongliao to experience its beautiful, rustic magnificence, leading to the locals becoming richer as the need to open more catering facilities, inns, restaurants and cafes arose. Before the tourism initiative, the average local earned about 30,000 to 40,000 RMB per year. That figure has now more than tripled to between 120,000 and 150,000 RMB.
At the mouth of the village, community leaders welcome us with warm smiles. A set of battery powered, windowless but roofed cart-like vehicles ferry us into the community noiselessly. Villagers tending their stalls wave as our convoy sidles past. We stop at a river and a music performance by villagers standing on canoes ensues before we are ushered through a field of vegetables, where some of the locals are currently engaged, tending to the soil. On the farm, there is a residence tent that tourists can rent for a night. The space is neat and retrofitted with modern conveniences.
It is not difficult to understand why tourists come to Zhongliao. The village's natural design, tweaked by man, is simply refreshing. Away from the pollution that chokes large cities like Beijing and Shanghai, for most Chinese, Zhongliao is Eden, a perfect garden transplanted from the beginning of time.
Exploring the island
Our third morning in Sanya is spent at the Binglanggu tourist site, a commodious space packed with several historical and artistic museum-like spaces, a life-sized theatre set, restaurants, and multitudes of souvenir shops.
The first thing we do is to learn a new word, ‘Bolong', which is a versatile form of goodwill greeting used by the locals, who are mainly from the Li ethnic group, one of China's most prominent minorities.
We spend several minutes at the museum-like spaces, admiring Chinese textile, woodcraft and clay art. One of the most fascinating artefacts on display is a vertically hung dragon quilt, which is described as the “largest dragon quilt of the Li nationality in the world.” At 129cm wide, 284cm long and total area of 36,636 square centimetres, our guide tells us the fabric took several years to make.
Then we are treated to a one hour-long folk theatre performance of the Li people featuring dance, music and drama. There is fire, water, wood, rice, boys and girls swaying to the rhythm of drums, tree climbing and love. One of the drama pieces is about a tradition where lovers demonstrate the intensity of their love through pinching. The more the pinch hurts the pinched, the more the pincher is believed to love. One of the actresses, fair and light, steps off the stage and begins to pinch audience in the first row at the ears. When she reaches me, she stoops and then pinches, but it does not hurt.
Our last stop in Sanya is the Hainan Tropical Ocean University, where we met with the school's officials and some of their African students. I scan curiously to find a Nigerian, since ‘we' are purported to be ‘everywhere', but there is none. I enquire from one of the School's Directors present at the meeting, Dr. Wei Jing and she confirms they actually do not have a Nigerian. “But we welcome Nigerians,” she tells me. “Tell them about us.”
It's a new university, with a proper history that starts from 2006, but it already has a relatively large number of African students, mostly from Cape Verde and Comoros Island. The school's first African graduate is Waldir Soares, a six-plus-foot Cape Verdean who now teaches kids how to play basketball on the island and speaks with an American twang. When I ask him what he felt was the most amazing thing about Sanya, about Hainan, about China, he pauses for only a brief moment. “Safety,” he tells me. “This country is really safe, man.”
The post China's Hawaii appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) Quarterback Tyrod Taylor is unhappy that the Bills benched him to close the season and is questioning whether he's played his final game for Buffalo.
Taylor believes the move shows the Bills have lost confidence in him. He says he'll have a better perspective on his future once he gets an explanation from team officials.
Taylor revealed he is scheduled to visit a doctor on Wednesday to seek a second opinion on whether he'll require surgery to repair a groin injury that has nagged him over the past month.
He spoke Monday while Bills players cleared out their lockers a day after closing the season with a 30-10 loss at the New York Jets. He was inactive for the game in a move interim head coach Anthony Lynn called ”a business decision.”
The Bills signed Taylor to a five-year extension in August but retained the right to opt out of the deal by March. Next season's portion of the contract is guaranteed if Taylor is unable to pass his physical.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
Straight Path Communications (NYSEMKT: STRP) investors were greeted last week by the news that AT&T (NYSE: T) planned to purchase the small company for a total transaction cost of $1.6 billion. Proceeds to Straight Path shareholders would be $1.25 billion, or $95.63 per share, payable in AT&T stock. That's over a 200% premium from the previous Friday's close, and a massive 1,500% increase since IDT spun off the company back in 2013.
Continue Reading Below
Straight Path's stock closed last Thursday at $91.70 and this was followed by an SEC filing by the company noting that it had received interest from another party that was considering topping AT&T's offer. Investors jumped in when the market reopened Monday and had pushed the stock up to $106 by 2:30 p.m. Rumor has it Verizon (NYSE: VZ) is the second bidder.
STRP data by YCharts
While the AT&T deal, and any one topping it, will be a boon for Straight Path owners, it also has relevancy for other investors betting on the future of wireless communications. The race to launch the next-generation 5G network is heating up and is worth consideration.
What is 5G?
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
Each generation of wireless network has brought with it increased speeds and reliability. While that is part of the argument for one-upping the current creme de la creme 4G network, 5G will also bring with it greater flexibility of usage and lower latency (the time it takes for a data packet to be sent after the instruction for its transfer is sent).
Image source: AT&T.
That will be accomplished by expanding the network'sreach. Part of the conversation around 5G has been the use of small cells, referring to localized wireless access points. Historically, wireless connectivity has been achieved with large cell towers, but the next generation of connectivity could be brought down to the micro level, relying even on home-based routers to provide access for users.
Thus, 5G could have seamless integration with Wi-Fi, expanding the reach of networks overall and providing ultra-high speeds and ultra-high reliability for the tidal wave of device connections that has been dubbed the Internet of Things. Those connections span everything from consumer electronics and vehicles to industrial and medical equipment. A wireless connectivity service that is able to accommodate all of those devices could be huge.
The big telecom shopping spree
With the IoT movement already underway, it has become a race to get that bigger and better network up and running. Straight Path owns bandwidth licenses and other intellectual property that will play a key role in the future 5G network, which is expected to begin initial rollout later this year. AT&T hopes its acquisition helps accelerate its development and expansion and supports other key purchases it has made as of late or is in the process of making.
AT&T Acquisitions and Pending Acquisitions
What the Business Does Carrier IQ A diagnostic analysis service for mobile devices. Time Warner A media and cable provider that produces TV and film entertainment, as well as video, data, and voice services. INVIDI Technologies Provides software applications that deliver targeted advertising to individual viewers. Fiber Tower A provider of spectrum and fixed wireless services. Straight Path Communications Will supplement the purchase of Fiber Tower as AT&T advances the reach of its future 5G network.
Chart by author. Data source: AT&T press releases.
AT&T hasn't been alone in trying to buy its way to future wireless leadership. Verizon has also been in the mix with 5G and Internet of Things purchases of its own.
Business Acquired by Verizon What the Business Does FleetMatics GPS- and cloud-based fleet and mobile workforce management, monitoring, and tracking. Sensity Systems A service for facility and large buildingownersthat combines lighting technologywith networking technology and sensors. XO Communications Fiber optic network that provides voice and data telecommunications; purchased to accelerate 5G network development. LQD WiFi A smart-city developer that provides Wi-Fi and media hubs in urban areas, free for public use. Skyward An IoT purchase aimed at helping operators manage their wireless-connected drones.
Chart by author. Data source: Verizon press releases.
The country's largest mobile providers will likely continue to battle it out for subscribers, but growth in adding subscription services has started to slow dramatically as of late. Smartphone sales, which have provided a big source of revenue in years past, have also dipped as users are upgrading phones less often. It's beginning to look like the 5G network and the IoTwill be the next catalysts for growth.
The big purchases by AT&T and Verizon to speed up R&D are setting the stage for the next battle in the world of telecom. If the current trend continues, AT&T and Verizon will come to rely on big data services as their primary means of business in a few short years as a result of the move to 5G. The potential battle over Straight Path is the most recent, visible example of how the companies are trying to one-up each other.
10 stocks we like better than Verizon Communications
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Verizon Communications wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017.
Nicholas Rossolillo owns shares of Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
TOWNSHIP, N.J. — Justin Wright-Foreman scored a season-high 30 points and Elijah Pemberton scored a career-best 28 points and Hofstra beat Rider 88-82 on Saturday night for its third straight win.
Rokas Gustys and Joel Angus III each recorded 10 rebounds for Hofstra (6-3) while Jalen Ray scored 17 points on 4-for-6 shooting from beyond the 3-point arc in a game with 20-lead changes.
Wright-Foreman scored seven of Hofstra's first 11 points and the Pride built a nine-point lead. Rider countered with a 20-9 run for a quick 22-20 lead before Ray answered with a 3 with 8:46 before halftime.
Both teams managed to overcome their turnovers before the half with strong shooting performances. Rider shot 15 for 26 (58 per cent) with 12 turnovers and Hofstra was 15 for 30 with nine turnovers and Hofstra led 43-41 at the break.
Ray, a freshman, buried a 3 to break a 71-all tie, which started a 9-0 run. Rider closed to within three before Hofstra sealed it with four free throws in the last 45 seconds.
Stevie Jordan led Rider (5-5) with 19 points and Jordan Allen had 17.
LaMelo, LiAngelo Ball agree to deal to join Lithuanian team in January
It's official: LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball are going pro.
The Ball brothers have agreed to a one-year deal with Lithuanian team Vytautas Prienai, according to The Vertical's Shams Charania. They will report to the team in early January.
Vytautas won the championship last year and apparently offered the kind of flexibility and promise of minutes the Balls were looking for.
The younger Ball brothers going pro in Europe is not what was expected to happen this season, but it's not entirely surprising. LiAngelo was set to be a freshman at UCLA this season, but a shoplifting arrest while the team was in China before their season debut resulted in an indefinite suspension. His father LaVar pulled him from UCLA last week.
LaMelo was supposed to be a junior this season at Chino Hills High School, but his father pulled him out of school in October with the intent of homeschooling him. Though LaMelo was committed to UCLA, LaVar did not seem concerned about preserving his youngest son's amateur status anyhow, which made it potentially unlikely for him to eventually have a college career.
With this latest development, all three Ball brothers will now be professional basketball players.
Photo
Jessica Chastain received news of her Golden Globe nomination for best actress in a dramatic feature while promoting that film, “Molly's Game,” in Paris. Directed by Aaron Sorkin, the film tells the true story of Molly Bloom, a world-class skier who began running high-stakes, celebrity-magnet poker games. Speaking by phone shortly before she was due to fly to Amsterdam, Ms. Chastain said the Globe nomination was especially gratifying because she had been outspoken about recent sexual harassment accusations and had worried that she would face industry repercussions.
This is your fifth Golden Globe nomination. Do you feel like an old hand?
Not at all. The first, I think, was for the ceremony in 2012, for “The Help.” I struggled for so long to try to create a career. To have five nominations in such a short amount of time, it's really shocking, and more than I ever imagined. I just feel so much gratitude and happiness.
“Molly's Game” is an Aaron Sorkin film with acres and acres of dialogue. Was that daunting?
I feel everything I had ever done prepared me. This is a dream for an actress. It's not normal for a film to really rely on what a female character says. I understood the importance of that. I understood the importance of doing an Aaron Sorkin film. He's a political filmmaker. This is a film about gender politics, patriarchy. You see it with Molly's father, and in her family, and in her industry and in the government. This was an issue 50 years ago, and now, because it's in the newspapers, everyone's interested. It's always interested me, what women do to navigate patriarchy. To me Aaron's always been a filmmaker with a sense of justice and idealism. When I got this script, it was something I was waiting for my whole life, to be able to sink my teeth into a female character like this.
How did you prepare?
I wanted to be filmable perfect for Aaron Sorkin. I worked with Molly, she's very different than I am and very much a sensual being. I don't see myself in that way at all. I spent a lot of time talking with her, and observing how she presents herself in the world. I talked to players who played in her game, and went to a New York game and observed what that room is like. There were women going around and massaging men and getting apple pie or chicken noodle soup if the guys were hungry.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
By sensual, do you mean in the luscious '50s film star kind of way?
We live in society that values women for their sexual desirability. In the beginning of the film, many men tell Molly she needs to change what she looks like. She's told her dress is ugly and to buy new shoes. Molly had to put this mask on, of this uber sexual being. For the guys to listen to her, to acknowledge her, to see her, she in a way had to objectify herself. And what I appreciated was I never felt objectified in the story. It was the first time I every worked with a [female cinematographer, Charlotte Bruus Christensen]. Aaron said from the very beginning he didn't want the film to have a male gaze, because it's Molly's story. It was the first time on set, wearing these kinds of clothes, where I felt in control of my own body.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
You've been outspoken about the sexual harassment scandals, and you've also experienced some blowback. Can you talk about that?
At this rate, it won't be long before someone comes up with a parody version of “12 Days of Christmas” for Kyle Busch.
A little more than a third of the way through the Cup season, Busch is accumulating quite a list to count down. Consider:
Seven top-10s finishes.
A six-word press conference.
Five top-five finishes.
Four-race suspensions (for his crew chief, rear tire changer and rear tire carrier).
Three races lost (in the final 10 laps).
Two catchphrases (“Everything is great'' and “I'm not surprised about anything.'')
And a memorable mic drop … or punch thrown … or bloody forehead … or commitment line violation … or All-Star win.
The former champion has packed more into 14 races than some drivers do in a year. Or two.
Despite the hurdles, Busch is fourth in the points heading into this weekend's race at Michigan International Speedway. Of concern, though, is that Busch's woes have left him with only four playoff points. Nine drivers have more playoff points — earned through stage wins or race victories — than Busch.
While Busch was challenged to make the Chase after missing the first 11 races of the 2015 season, he went on to win the title. The challenge this year is different.
This isn't about his body healing but his mind.
What's happened to Busch this season can only add to the frustration from last year. He's gone 30 races since his last Cup victory. For a driver who knows how close he is to 200 total wins in Cup, Xfinity and the Camping World Truck Series (he's at 173), a winless drought of more than 10 months in Cup can be aggravating.
It's not just him. His three Joe Gibbs Racing teammates also have yet to win a point race this season. Busch has been close with multiple near-misses and leading 703 laps, second only to Martin Truex Jr. (876 laps led).
Many in the sport say momentum can play a key role in a team's success. Strong runs can prove uplifting to team members and carry them and their driver through the tasks they face. Poor or frustrating results can wear on a driver and team.
That's the challenge for Busch and his team in what has been a season full of lowlights and soundbites of frustration.
It started in the Daytona 500 when a tire issue caused Busch to spin and collect Dale Earnhardt Jr., Erik Jones, Matt Kenseth and Ty Dillon.
“Obviously, Goodyear tires just aren't very good at holding air,'' Busch told Fox.
Two weeks later, Busch was in a bigger controversy. A last-lap duel with Joey Logano led to contact that spun Busch and cost him a top-five spot (he finished 22nd). Afterward, Busch walked up pit road to Logano and immediately swung at his competitor. Busch missed. In the ensuing melee, he fell to the ground and cut his forehead. With blood trickling down his forehead, he was led away.
“I got dumped,” Busch told Fox. “Flat out wrecked me. That's how Joey races. He's going to get it.”
The following week, Logano made Busch miserable again, but in a more indirect way. Logano blew a tire and crashed to bring out the final caution with Busch leading. Busch gave up the lead to pit for two tires. Ryan Newman stayed out, inherited the lead and held it the final six laps.
It was one of three times that Busch has lost the lead in the final 10 laps. He lost the lead on the last lap at Talladega and watched Ricky Stenhouse Jr. celebrate his first career Cup win. Busch lost the lead with 10 laps to go to Ryan Blaney last weekend at Pocono. Blaney went on to score his first career Cup series win.
Busch finished second in the Coca-Cola 600 but walked away upset with that result. Austin Dillon scored his first career Cup victory, winning on a fuel gamble. A frustrated Busch performed his now-famous mic drop in the media center after that race.
“Different people show their emotions in different way,'' Busch said five days later at Dover. “Unfortunately for me, mine has never been very gracious, and I don't know if it will ever be.''
Busch won the pole at Dover but saw his race change dramatically on Lap 18 of the 400-lap race. The jackman dropped the jack, signaling Busch to exit his pit stall, but the left rear wheel had not been attached. Busch sped away and the tire rolled off. The Cup Rule Book states that a wheel coming off a car is a four-race suspension for the crew chief, along with the tire changer and tire carrier responsible. They'll be able to return for the July 8 race at Kentucky Speedway.
Other issues include his runner-up finish at Martinsville after he lost a duel with Brad Keselowski. Earlier in that race, Stenhouse moved Busch out of the way on the final lap of the second stage. Busch moved up the track, allowing Chase Elliott to slip by to win the stage and the playoff point.
Richmond also was frustrating for Busch. Running second, Busch followed Logano on to pit road on Lap 378 of the 400-lap race. Logano turned late on to pit road and just crossed the commitment line. Busch followed but his right side tires ran over the orange box at the end of the commitment line. The rule states that a driver must have all four tires below the box. NASCAR penalized Busch, who had to start at the tail end of the field. Instead of vying for the win, he finished 16th.
In this season of chaos, Busch did win but it doesn't count as an official victory since the All-Star Race is a non-points event.
“Hopefully this is a little bit of momentum, a little bit of wind in our sails, something we can build on,'' crew chief Adam Stevens said at the time.
The only thing they've been able to build on the past two races is disappointment. The question is how much longer will it last?
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
ST. PAUL, Minn. – The start of Hampus Lindholm's fourth season with the Ducks was far from ideal but the way it is going now might be what he had hoped it would be.
Challenging contract negotiations and a holdout had Lindholm making up ground from the beginning and an injury soon after he rejoined the team left him operating efficiently but not at peak performance. The good thing for the Ducks is the defenseman feels his best days lay ahead.
Lindholm, 23, is giving the Ducks what they want. He's a fixture on their blue line who's eating 20-22 minutes – and at times up to 25 – as their best pure defender and a player who's eager to take on a more meaty role as a potential leader.
The first month of the season was lost amid the contract struggles but the Ducks fought to reel him in for six more years at a pricey cost of $31.5 million. In the end, the fight was worth it.
“It was a unique year for him right from the start,” Ducks assistant coach Trent Yawney said. “I think he had been playing catch-up maybe up until a few weeks ago. And now I think he's on. The All-Star break kind of helped get him closer to normal.”
Yawney said Lindholm is playing the best defense he's seen him play since the Swede came to North America to play in the American Hockey League after the Ducks took him with the sixth pick of the 2012 draft.
And there is the sense the Ducks want to further unleash Lindholm after years of making sure he was covered, particularly when Francois Beauchemin was his partner. Yawney has paired him with rookie Brandon Montour and Lindholm welcomes that after playing all season with Josh Manson.
“I don't mind that,” Lindholm said Tuesday. “I felt like I've done that before too. Second year when Beauch got hurt, I had to play with a (couple guys) older than me but they were new in the league.
“So I feel I had that role before.
“It's nothing that bothers me. I like that job. Playing with new players, it makes me develop new stuff. I have to kind of read off that guy and kind of develop my game that way, with a new environment. I don't mind that.”
From the moment he held out until signing his new contract on Oct. 27, Lindholm knew this would be a different season. Unlike previous seasons, he wouldn't have training camp to fully prepare for the grind. He knew he would have to hit the ground running.
Lindholm's offensive numbers have lagged behind his defense. He's capable of putting up more than the five goals and eight assists he has through 45 games. What hasn't been known is a wrist injury he's been dealing with since his third game, Nov. 12 against Nashville.
It affected his shooting most of all. But the wrist has improved and has Lindholm encouraged about tapping more into his offense that, at times, can go unrealized.
“For me, it's about playing good defensively and I think I've been doing that all the time,” Lindholm said. “At the start, I had a couple bumps and bruises that kind of held me back a little bit so I just had to focus more on defense because I couldn't expect myself to do as much on offense.
“Now the whole body is starting to feel good again and I can just play the way I want to play. I can play hard and strong. Make it real hard and tough on guys. And shooting the puck more.”
Ondrej Kase was back in the lineup Tuesday but how long he'll stick there is more of a question now with the rookie winger.
Kase had been a part of the team's third forward line for more than two months but he's been a healthy scratch twice in a six-game span and hasn't had a point since Jan. 19. The early spark that he provided has faded but Ducks coach Randy Carlyle isn't worried and sought to add some perspective.
“With him, it's about puck possession,” Carlyle said. “Making plays. Kind of a little Energizer bunny-type of player that you're never quitting on anything. It's been a big step for him. You have to understand the player has only played (25) American League hockey games last year and now we're stepping him in and playing in a top-nine role in the NHL. It's not an easy feat for a young guy to step in.
“There's a learning curve and I think the excitement of the first 10 or 15 games, a lot of positives went well for him. So he hit a flat spot. But we have all the confidence in the world because he's a young kid who's got skill. He works hard and never cheats you on the work ethic.”
Contact the writer: estephens@scng.com
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days?
An estimated 666 pilot whales were stranded in two pods at Farewell Spit, on the northern tip of New Zealand's South Island (AFP Photo/STR)
Wellington (AFP) - The grim task of clearing hundreds of washed-up whale carcasses was under way in New Zealand Tuesday, with the beach closed over fears the bodies will fill with gas and explode as they decompose.
The sands at Farewell Spit where the nearly 700 pilot whales beached in one of the largest mass strandings ever in New Zealand were closed to the public after authorities declared the rotting bodies a health risk.
The Department of Conservation said the carcasses of more than 300 whales were being trucked to an inaccessible location where nature would be allowed to take its course.
Conservation spokesman Herb Christophers said dealing with so many dead pilot whales -- each of which can be six metres (20 feet) long -- was a logistical challenge.
"They're being moved but they haven't been cleared out yet, not by a long chalk," he told AFP.
"It's going to be a few days' work just getting them off the beach."
Before the whales were moved, conservation workers in bio-hazard suits punctured the carcasses in an attempt to stop them ballooning up with gas then popping.
"I've seen exploding whales, it's not a pretty sight," said Christophers.
Departmental ranger Amanda Harvey said many of the dead no longer resembled whales.
"Unfortunately, when a whale heats up, a lot of pressure builds up in their body and the only option is for them to explode," she told TVNZ.
In total, an estimated 666 whales were stranded in two pods on Friday and Saturday at Farewell Spit, on the northern tip of the South Island.
About three-quarters of the first pod of 416 died, while the survivors and the second pod of about 250 were successfully re-floated.
Christophers said no freshly beached whales had been found Tuesday, although wildlife officers remained on high alert because of the mammals' tendency to re-strand themselves.
Farewell Spit, about 150 kilometres (95 miles) west of the tourist town of Nelson, has witnessed at least nine pilot whale strandings in the past decade, although the latest was by far the largest.
The 26-kilometre (16-mile) hook of sand that protrudes out into the sea creates a shallow seabed that is believed to interfere with the whales' sonar navigation systems.
With the ever increasing commodity costs, it can be surprising to see how fast food chains managed to keep their products affordable. Indeed fast food prices have never risen as fast as other commodities do. Well, fast food establishments are compelled to keep their prices low to stay competitive against their greatest rival: eating in.
Wendy's hamburger segment for instance managed their downturn but the demand for their industry remained flat.
“We can't deny the fact that buying fresh beef from your local butcher and grilling this in your own home is relatively much cheaper than eating out”; Todd Penegor; Wendy's CEO said.
Though uncooked ground beef was 10.2% cheaper a year ago, reversal of the cost were made with the help of the cheaper corn provided for feeding the cattle. Also, poultry prices are cheaper up to 3% from last year.
Hence, cost of home consumption dropped to 0.2% in July while eating out increased its cost to 0.2%. This sets a trend that leads to unchartered territory.
For the past 24 months, fast food chains increased their prices up to 6.0%. On the contrary, foods at home are 0.7% cheaper compared to the prices two years ago. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, there has been a big gap between the two, with a more accelerated shift in the past year. Meals at home are 1.6% cheaper while fast foods are 2.9% more expensive.
“Fast food chains are struggling with the upward labor cost pressure and the cheap home meals. This can be bad for restaurant sales and traffic in the next quarters”, John Staszak, Argus Research analyser said.
“Although favorable commodity costs can work on our advantage, rising labor costs in the market can be hard for us. Hence, we find ourselves in a situation where we need to balance between price increase and our desire to keep a strong value proposition”, Kevin Ozan; McDonald's Chief Financial Officer said.” In the second quarter, there is an increase of 3% in menu prices”, he added.
With the rising labor costs, will a $15 minimum wage suffice for fast food employees? And with the lowered demands of fast foods in the market, a high minimum wage can be hard in this type of trade.
“In the second quarter, our sales declined to 3.7% as people shifted from us to supermarkets”, Jack in the Box reported. And other similar establishments shared the same sentiments. And the hardest part is that they can't increase the prices of their commodities to make up for their loss, otherwise, this will only drive their customers away even more.
Michelin has agreed to acquire NexTraq, a U.S. provider of commercial fleet telematics, in an all-cash transaction. Based in the Atlanta area, NexTraq is a subsidiary of FLEETCOR Technologies Inc., a leading global provider of fuel cards and workforce payment products.
NexTraq provides solutions for driver safety, fuel management and enhancing fleet productivity. Since its inception in 2000, NexTraq has become a leading provider of GPS fleet management solutions for fleets of small commercial vehicles (classes 3‒5) ranging from two to 50 vehicles.
“Telematics and fleet management services are a rapidly growing category worldwide and an important area of Michelin Group's overall business plans,” said Ralph Dimenna, chief operating officer for Michelin Americas Truck Tires, the heavy truck unit of Michelin North America. “NexTraq represents a strategic acquisition that accelerates our growth in telematics with synergies that increase our scale, expand our geographic footprint and strengthen overall competitiveness in fleet management technology and services in the United States.”
“While we were able to grow NexTraq's operating income nearly 400 percent since we acquired the business and to generate a strong return for our shareholders, our decision to divest NexTraq centered on the conclusion that there is insufficient synergy with our core payments business to stay invested in the space,” said Ron Clarke, chairman and CEO of FLEETCOR. “We would especially like to thank the NexTraq management team for their hard work and success in building a market-leading telematics business.”
NexTraq has 117 employees, approximately 7,000 fleet customers and 116,000 individual subscribers. The unit will operate independently within Michelin North America.
“NexTraq has technology that, among other capabilities, monitors reckless driving and stops texting while driving. This capability is an excellent cultural fit with Michelin's purpose and long-standing commitment to road safety,” said Dimenna.
The closing of the acquisition is subject to completion of certain customary conditions, including clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act.
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease? Pause
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
Mohamed Salah savaged his former side Roma with a brilliant individual performance in a superb 5-2 Champions League semi-final first-leg victory undermined by two late goals for the visitors.
The Egypt international was the star of a performance which began as a slow-burner before turning into a blistering evisceration of Serie A's third-placed team.
However, Roma showed they are still a threat with a late rally which may yet give Jurgen Klopp's side a nervous 90 minutes at the Stadio Olimpico next week.
Klopp had predicted Salah would face a rough time against the side he left in the summer but in truth none of his former team-mates could do anything to stop him.
He scored two brilliant first-half goals - his 42nd and 43rd of an incredible season - with two also for Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane on target as well as Liverpool made the most of their first Champions League semi-final in a decade.
The downside were goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti and a knee injury to Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, who left the pitch on a stretcher with his head in his hands and his knee in a brace to put his World Cup in some doubt.
Roma almost silenced Anfield when goalkeeper Loris Karius misread the flight of former Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov's driven shot but managed to get enough of a hand on it to divert it onto the crossbar.
But it was not long before the hosts had one of those passages of play which has become all too familiar to opposition teams.
They blew away City in the quarter-final with three goals in 19 first-half minutes and it is no exaggeration to suggest they could have put this tie beyond the visitors in the final 17 minutes before the interval.
Mane could have had a hat-trick, hitting two good chances over and having a sliding effort disallowed for offside, while Salah had a shot palmed away by Alisson having cut in from the right - a precursor of what was to come.
Roma did not heed the warning and a few minutes later Salah was again allowed to cut in and shape a trademark shot with his left foot.
He placed a curling shot in the only spot Alisson could not reach it, jamming it against the angle of post and crossbar on its way over the line.
It was a goal befitting of the occasion but Salah's second was equally brilliant. The unmarked Lovren headed over as Roma threatened to buckle under the pressure before the Egypt international struck in first-half added time.
His exquisite lay-off to Firmino saw the Brazilian storm through midfield before playing a wonderfully-weighted return pass which Salah took one touch to control before dinking a shot over Alisson - a finish of which Lionel Messi would have been proud.
After the break Salah turned provider, racing onto Trent Alexander-Arnold's ball down the line to cross for Mane to turn home from close range.
When Alexander-Arnold and Salah combined again, the latter leaving Juan Jesus completely bamboozled, Firmino was the beneficiary from a couple of yards out.
Firmino's header from a corner made it 5-0 but Dzeko's neat finish and Perotti's penalty gave Roma hope of repeating their brilliant quarter-final comeback at home to Barcelona.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia — A stunt driver has died after her motorcycle crashed on a set for the movie "Deadpool 2" in downtown Vancouver, police said Monday.
The driver's name was not immediately released.
A police officer photographs a motorcycle after a stunt driver working on the movie "Deadpool 2" died after a crash on set, in Vancouver,Canada on Monday. Darryl Dyck / The Canadian Press via AP
Witness Sharmina Kermalli said she had just walked into a Starbucks next door to where the accident happened when she heard a loud crash. She ran out of the coffee shop and saw glass still falling on the body of the woman.
A crumpled motorcycle was seen lying on its side at the location of the accident near Vancouver's waterfront.
Police said officers were at the scene and investigators with WorkSafeBC, the provincial workplace safety agency, were also looking into the crash.
Deadpool, a Marvel Comics superhero, is played by Vancouver-born actor Ryan Reynolds.
With a playoff berth already secured, the Vancouver Whitecaps now have their sights set on a couple of bigger prizes.
The club sits first in Major League Soccer's Western Conference heading into Saturday's road game against the New York Red Bulls, knowing a victory will lock up a first-round bye and home-field advantage in the semifinals.
“Now it's the fun part,” said Vancouver head coach Carl Robinson. “We've got one foot in the door.
“We want to finish as high as we can with as many points as we can.”
Just one of those points in any of the Whitecaps' final three matches would be enough to solidify at least a home date in the knockout round, while sweeping the rest of the schedule clinches top spot in the conference.
Vancouver is currently four points up on the Portland Timbers, Seattle Sounders and Sporting Kansas City in the West standings. Portland and Seattle, which are both idle this weekend, have two games left, while K.C. has four matches remaining, including a visit to Minnesota United on Saturday.
“The reason why we are where we are is because we've kept pushing since Day 1,” said Robinson. “Everyone deserves a lot of credit … but we don't get ahead of ourselves.”
The Whitecaps booked their ticket to the post-season with last weekend's stunning 1-0 victory at K.C. that snapped Sporting's 24-game home unbeaten streak in MLS at the intimidating Children's Mercy Park.
Vancouver earned all three points following a 3-0 loss in Seattle that snapped a 5-0-2 run thanks to a wonder-goal from Erik Hurtado and an ability to soak up pressure — something the Whitecaps have done a lot this year — against an opponent that had 73.5 per cent of the ball.
“Sometimes performances vary and you've got to find ways to win games,” said Robinson, whose team missed the playoffs in 2016. “I was here last year standing in front of you talking about how well we played and not winning enough games. Credit to the group. They had to find strength.
“They showed a lot of character and will and desire, and we bounced back after a disappointing result.”
The Whitecaps (15-10-6) have the third-best road record in all of MLS at 6-7-2, and also picked up a 1-1 draw against the Red Bulls (12-12-7) in Harrison, N.J., in the first leg of their CONCACAF Champions league quarter-finals back in February before the regular season.
“At the end of last year we had a little character check,” said Vancouver defender Tim Parker. “We wanted to toughen up and make sure that we were going to be a tough team to play against.”
The Whitecaps went down to 10 men that night — both clubs' first competitive match of 2017 — with goalkeeper David Ousted saving a Sacha Kljestan penalty in the second half before beating the Red Bulls 2-0 in the return fixture at B.C. Place Stadium.
Apart from that Champions League success, Vancouver is 3-1-3 all-time against New York in MLS, with a 2-0-1 record at Red Bull Arena.
“This team has confidence,” said Ousted, who also stopped a pair Bradley Wright-Phillips penalties as part of a 2-1 victory in Harrison two years ago. “We've played a lot of good away games and believe we can get three points there.”
To do that, the Whitecaps will have to manage without some key players away on international duty, with midfielder Yordy Reyna (Peru), defender Kendall Waston (Costa Rica), midfielder Christian Bolanos (Costa Rica) and goalkeeper Stefan Marinovic (New Zealand), who made seven saves last week against K.C., all set to miss out.
New York, which sits sixth in the East, can confirm its place in the playoffs with a victory Saturday, a result that would also eliminate the Montreal Impact from post-season contention.
“We know when they're at home they're very aggressive,” said Ousted. “We'll try to weather the storm at certain times, and also hit them on the counter.”
Notes: Vancouver midfielder Cristian Techera is available after returning to Uruguay for the birth of his third child last week. … Robinson said Nigerian midfielder Nosa Igiebor, who signed last month, could see his first action.
—
Follow @JClipperton–CP on Twitter
Viral video shows 8-year-old boy helping elderly woman up steps An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after he hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville, Ga. Courtesy of Riley Duncan ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK An 8-year-old boy stopped traffic after he hopped out of a car to help an elderly woman up a set of steps in Milledgeville, Ga. Courtesy of Riley Duncan
Takiya Holmes, one of two young girls gravely wounded in shootings in Chicago over the weekend, died on Tuesday morning. She was 11.
"At 8:17 this morning Takiya passed away in her mother's arms," Rachel Williams, a cousin and anti-gun-violence activist, wrote on Facebook.
Takiya Williams, 11, left, was critically wounded in a shooting over the weekend. She was one of two young girls shot within 30 minutes of each other on Chicago's south side. Family of Takiya Williams
Takiya was the youngest child killed by gunfire since the gang assassination of 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee in 2015. But that distinction was lost just hours after Takiya died at Comer Children's Hospital, when a toddler was among two people shot and killed in the city's Lawndale neighborhood.
The girl's death sparked a new wave of grief over a city all too accustomed to this sort of pain, wrought by guns that just a year earlier claimed more lives and wounded more people than at any point since the 1990s.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel met with Attorney General Jeff Sessions in Washington on Monday to discuss federal help to fight gun violence. The meeting was "productive," according to the Justice Department.
The meeting came just weeks after President Donald Trump threatened to send the "Feds!" if Emanuel can't get the gunfire under control, to which the mayor responded that federal law enforcement agencies were already on the ground helping to stem the flow of illegal weapons washing into the city from across state lines.
More investigators and more federal prosecutions would be welcome, he said.
Meanwhile, another family wept and a community wrestled with another example of unchecked violence that had claimed another young life.
"She lived life, and she loved it," Patsy Holmes, the girl's grandmother told the Chicago Tribune.
Takiya was struck by a stray bullet on Saturday evening while sitting in the back of her mother's minivan with an aunt and her 3-year-old brother.
The weekend before, she was busy making brownies with her family. A week later, she was fighting for her life with a bullet lodged in her spine near her brain stem.
"Our community has to come together to protect our children," her grandmother said. "Our children are innocent getting caught by stray bullets. The other little girl who got shot, my prayers are going out to that family."
Astronomers have found 72 potential galaxies hiding in plain sight inside a vast patch of the sky previously observed by the Hubble Space Telescope. The discovery not only gives astronomers new targets to study, but also will aid studies of star motion and formation and other properties of old galaxies, the researchers said.
The new study was performed by the MUSE instrument on the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in Chile. Astronomers discovered the newfound galaxies while measuring the distances and properties of 1,600 galaxies captured by the Hubble Space Telescope during its Ultra Deep Field survey.
The 72 newfound galaxies shine in Lyman-alpha light, which is a particular wavelength of ultraviolet light. Because the galaxies are receding from us, their wavelength was stretched from ultraviolet to visible, or near-infrared. [26 Stunning Photos from the Hubble Ultra Deep Field]
The discoveries were made in the Hubble Ultra Deep Field, which is a tiny region of the sky in the southern constellation Fornax (the Furnace). The Hubble data were originally obtained in 2004, two years after NASA space shuttle astronauts visited the space telescope to install the Advanced Camera for Surveys (ACS) and perform other needed maintenance.
Using ACS, Hubble peered at a small region of the sky and found galaxies that had formed less than 1 billion years after the Big Bang, which kick-started the universe. (The Big Bang took place about 13.8 billion years ago, making those galaxies more than 12.8 billion years old.)
"MUSE can do something that Hubble can't — it splits up the light from every point in the image into its component colors to create a spectrum. This allows us to measure the distance, colors and other properties of all the galaxies we can see — including some that are invisible to Hubble itself," stated Roland Bacon, who led the survey team and is also an astrophysicist at the Center for Astrophysics Research of Lyon at the University of Lyon in France. [From the Big Bang to Now in 10 Easy Steps]
This image shows an improved version of the Hubble Ultra Deep Field from 2012 as seen by the Hubble Space Telescope. NASA; ESA; R. Ellis (Caltech); and the HUDF 2012 Team
MUSE is a spectroscopic instrument, meaning it measures light emitted, absorbed or scattered in space. Using spectroscopy, astronomers can learn about stars, galaxies and other objects, including properties such as how fast the objects are moving and what elements they are made of. MUSE recently underwent an adaptive-optics upgrade, which could help with future studies of old galaxies, Bacon added.
The new work resulted in 10 science papers that will be published in a special issue of the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics.
"MUSE has the unique ability to extract information about some of the earliest galaxies in the universe — even in a part of the sky that is already very well-studied," stated Jarle Brinchmann, lead author of one of the papers.
"We learn things about these galaxies that [it] is only possible [to learn] with spectroscopy, such as chemical content and internal motions — not galaxy by galaxy, but all at once for all the galaxies," added Brinchmann, who is an astronomer at Leiden University in the Netherlands and the Institute of Astrophysics and Space Sciences at CAUP (Center for Astrophysics of the University of Porto) in Portugal.
This compound image of the Hubble Ultra Deep Field region depicts glowing halos of gas around galaxies discovered by the Muse instrument on the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope. ESO/MUSE HUDF team
Astronomers also found hydrogen halos in old galaxies, which could provide more information about how material leaves and enters galaxies formed early in the universe's history. Future research directions could include looking at star formation, galactic winds, galaxy mergers or even a phenomenon known as cosmic reionization.
That phenomenon explains how light returned to a dark universe hundreds of millions of years ago. "First light" in the universe was roughly 380,000 years after the Big Bang, when the cosmos cooled down and fundamental particles were able to combine into atoms. However, once these combinations ceased, the universe entered a dark age, because there was no other light available — the first stars weren't shining yet. Reionization occurred between 150 million years and 650 million years after the Big Bang, when the first stars and galaxies were formed from collapsing groups of gas, producing light in the universe again.
Original article on Space.com.
Keen to outshine Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo mocked his Barcelona foe with a cheeky shirt celebration in Real Madrid's 3-1 first-leg Supercopa de Espana triumph.
Ronaldo came off the bench and restored Madrid's 2-1 lead at Camp Nou on Sunday, taking off his shirt and holding it up to the home crowd.
It was an imitation of Messi's celebration at the Santiago Bernabeu last season, when the five-time Ballon d'Or winner – who cancelled out Gerard Pique's unfortunate own goal in the second half on Sunday – held up his shirt to the Madrid fans after inspiring a Barça victory in LaLiga.
Ronaldo's mocking of the iconic goal celebration backfired somewhat following his red card just minutes later.
After being booked for his shirtless celebration with 10 minutes remaining, Ronaldo saw red for an apparent dive.
Madrid, though, will still take a commanding lead into Wednesday's return leg thanks to Marco Asensio's late stunner.
Greg Schiano contract details with Tennessee released
Details of the contract Greg Schiano was set to have at Tennessee have been released. The interesting takeaway is that Schiano actually was going to be paid more than the head coach Tennessee ended up hiring.
GoVols247's Patrick Brown on Monday published details of the memo of understanding Schiano had signed with Tennessee, something he obtained via an open records request. The agreement was for Schiano to receive a six-year contract at $4.4 million per season. Schiano's buyout would have initially begun at $5 million and then dropped in increments as the years passed.
By comparison, the coach the Vols hired, Jeremy Pruitt, received a six-year deal worth $3.8 million per season, so he's receiving quite a bit less than Schiano would have.
Tennessee may have had no problem releasing the information because they are hoping it helps their case with Schiano. Schiano reportedly was expected to pursue compensation from Tennessee for backing out of their deal. But the Vols believe the agreement was non-binding because only athletic director John Currie had signed it, not the school's chancellor or CFO.
Schiano was set to become Tennessee's coach, but the school backed out of the deal due to enormous fan backlash. They then embarked on an embarrassing search for a replacement where multiple candidates turned them down before a new AD was finally hired to complete the hire. Phillip Fulmer replaced Currie and went through a quick hiring process that ended with Pruitt getting the job.
A resounding ‘No' vote
To the Editor:
The Nov. 7 Anoka-Hennepin School District referendum deserves a resounding NO vote!
It is well documented that off-year voting patterns indicate a substantially lower voter turnout than even year results. I didn't need to form a committee to investigate this phenomenon.
In fact It is sometimes referred to as “placing a large frog in a small pond!” And we know who the frog is!
This is precisely the reason the district embraces the timing of this unfortunate “bail-out”.
Two hundred and fifty million dollars over a period of 25 years is a substantial reward failing to be more proactive in an asset management role. And now it has become a crisis. No surprise there!
Over the years the public school system in this country has become a unionized government monopoly placing a priority on the welfare of its employees over and above that of the students in the classroom.
When the district decides to provide the same level of energy to the welfare of students as it does to protecting tenured “jobs for life”, I will gladly support it. Until then:
Say no on Nov. 7. Don't subsidize a unionized government monopoly at the expense of a future generation.
Jim Hafner
Coon Rapids
Voting for the Conservative
To the Editor:
I've heard that there is a school board election this fall. My husband and I will be voting for Brian Herda, because he is the Conservative in the race. Brian has a background in accounting, like my husband, Tim. Yes, it's important to have a “numbers guy” watching out for taxpayers in the Anoka-Hennepin School District.
Tim and I raised our two children in this area, and we're now grandparents. So, we realize the importance of having a good school district for developing the next generation of community leaders. We urge others in Ramsey, Andover and Ham Lake to vote for Brian Herda.
Colleen Graber
Ramsey
Turn the lights on for veterans
To the Editor:
Three 20,000 square foot, four stories, very sturdy cottages sit dark and empty on the grounds of the old State Hospital in Anoka. Homeless veterans commit suicide every day.
It doesn't have to be that way. We can turn those lights on, and 20 veterans will be living safely and warmly inside this winter.
In cooperation with the city of Anoka, Eagle's Healing Nest of Sauk Centre is going to rescue those three cottages. They will become a home for veterans who might otherwise not live to see spring.
Over 275 people rallied by the cottages last Thursday to kick off this effort. It was an amazing evening as we heard from three veterans who have had their lives rescued at the “Nest.” Eighty-one people volunteered to help that night.
You can be part of this, too. This project will not be funded with federal, state, county, or city money. It will all be done by the people who gratefully enjoy the freedoms provided by these brave men and women, who have fallen onto hard times.
Our goal is to make one of the cottages habitable by Dec. 1, less than two months from now. Why not delay? Because Dec. 2 is going to be a cold day, and 20 homeless veterans deserve better than spending another winter in a cardboard box under a bridge.
Please join our efforts. We need everything. Plumbers, electricians, concrete masons, and a fire/smoke alarm contractor. Volunteers to redo ceilings, patch holes, paint walls, and reglaze a hundred broken windows. We need a new 1M BTU gas boiler and a couple big water heaters. And $100,000 for parts and repair materials, less if we can get donations.
Most of all, we need dozens of partners who believe that one person can save another person's life. To join with us, email us at [email protected] or call 651-296-3733.
And if you can help us get the stuff we need to get these cottages squared away, that will be awesome.
Be a hero for vets.
Jim Abeler
Anoka
Writer makes curious claims
To the Editor:
A recent letter to the editor claimed that the Democratic Party has gained control over black people by promoting “out-of-wedlock births.” According to the letter writer, this has been accomplished by rewarding “these women with government assistance.”
This is all very interesting because Republican politicians have been crowing for two decades about how wonderful the welfare reform of the nineties has been. Does this mean that for 20 odd years Republicans haven't noticed Democrats doling out “assistance” money to black women?
The letter writer goes on to state that there is a direct correlation between the act of voting for Democratic candidates and a spike in black out-of-wedlock births from 23 percent to 72 percent over a 50 year period.
It's remarkable how potent the mere act of voting must be – regardless of the actual outcome of elections – because during the last 36 years Republicans have had control of both the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives for half of those years. Again, it seems odd that when Republicans controlled one or both houses of congress they failed to address the Democratic payola scheme.
It certainly couldn't be because Republicans aren't concerned about African Americans and other minorities because they seem extremely motivated to come up with creative ways to undermine their voting rights.
Using the letter writer's thesis, this could be tough love on the part of Republicans who are only trying to save black voters from themselves. Continued votes for Democrats could result in 100 percent of black births occurring out-of-wedlock. Apparently, Democrats refuse to use their hypnotic power over black people to compel them to procreate only after marriage.
The letter writer observes that black people continue to vote for Democrats because they “are told the Republicans are racist” – yes, it's difficult to imagine that black voters could have come to that conclusion if someone hadn't “told” them.
Gene Case
Andover
Two Years Of APC: The Challenges, The Progress
Two years after the governing All Progressives Congress (APC) has been in government after upstaging the then ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from the government at the center and indeed, from most states of the federation, ANDREW ESSIEN writes that the party is between the rock and the hard place
It is no longer news that when the situation demanded, men with common purpose ( to sack the then PDP-led administration) came together to form a united front (APC), in a history-making general elections that saw a sitting President (Dr Goodluck Jonathan) defeated by the candidacy of General Muhammadu Buhari even as Jonathan, in a rear display of sportsmanship, congratulated the winner of Presidential race even before formal announcement of the winner by the nation's elctoral umpire.
Thereafter, the nation witnessed historic transition of government at the center, from the then ruling party in government to the opposition party that were supposed to form government and lead for the next four years; this history was made on 29th May, 2015.
Nigerians home and abroad were full of expectations for the fulfilment of many promises made by APC during 2015 electioneering. The citizens are more enlightened and are ready to engage their leaders by asking questions, when it is necessary to do so even as they expected a robust interplay of deft political calculations given that the opposition party was on the saddle and the new opposition party was once in government.
Two years down the line, the APC may have had more internal problems to deal with than even as it has, at some point, threatened to overheat the polity. This however has not been to the nation's interest even as the party that ought to play the opposition has also had its hands full rather than become a “check” to a government that drove it from power.
APC-PDP's Frosty Relationship
Certainly, it is expected that the two dominant parties will not see eye to eye on almost any issue of national interest especially as regards the way and manner of governance. The past 2 years has seen both parties on each other's throats with each move from the other being suspected even as accusations and counter accusations rain like bombs from both camps.
This beckering has no doubt, beeven the hallmark of both parties on almost every national issue. From accusations to Counter accusations, attacks and counter attacks, wild goose conspiracy theories and the likes, the two parties were at each other's throats as if they wanted to chock the life out of each other.
Understandably so because the PDP was, for 17 years, the ruling party that prophesied its ‘divine mandate' to rule the country for several years. The Umbrella however, caved in to the vicious wind of Change that was blowing across the land, hence, it was just natural for the parties to be at loggerheads with each other.
From the budgets presented in the last two years, to the several elections held within the period under review, from the remote and immediate cause of the country's slip into recession to the handling of the economy, from the administration's fight against corruption to even inter and intra party politics within both parties, APC and PDP has slugged it out on almost everything. As 2019 approaches, they may be more of this mud slinging between them.
The Great Crossovers
The last two years have witnessed the swelling of the “rank and file” for the APC, a massive harvest for the party in terms of some very “big fish” flocking, in their droves to the party as it were. Persons who hitherto had sworn to see the annihilation of the party, had suddenly thought it wise to “abandon ship” hangout with new friends even as they refer to the party as the best place to be. The party in turn, opened its arms to the various brides that were flocking to it. With the most recent being a political colossus in her own right, Senator Florence Ita-Giwa, the list is endless as notable names from the South, North and West continue to come with their supporters, into this embrace of the APC.
This “harvest of souls” as it were, has not escaped the attention of cynics who have alluded that the party may be turning to a “safe haven” for politicians who have skeletons to hide from the antigraft agencies even as analysts are describing it as a “food-is-ready” arrangement for some political gladiators.
To this the national Chairman of the party, Chief John Odigie-Oyegun says: “I know that those who don't wish us well often tend to misinterpret some of these happenings as running away thinking that they would have protection from the EFCC. Of course, I am not aware in your case that anybody is harassing you with the EFCC. In any case, it is obvious and played out today that we do not offer sanctuary to anybody running from the arms of the law. The evidence is all over the place.”
However, with these high profile defections, the party is swelling its defence mechanism ahead of the 2019 election which promises to be very defining for the country even as it redraws the political map of the nation to its advantage.
Crisis Across Apc States
From the South to the North, from the West across the East, the party in the last two years have seven its “brigades” (party structures) across the states, battling with so many issues with political analysts fearing that this crisis, if not checked timely, may significantly weakend the overall fighting power is the party in the fast approaching 2019 general elections and indeed, any other election that may come up in between at state and local government levels.
From faraway Bayelsa to the distant Kano, across to Gombe then Kaduna, Kogi, Benue, Plateau, Adamawa, Yobe and the list goes on, the APC chapters in these states erupted in one form of crisis or the other. The leadership at the center, added to the issues it was dealing with, had to intervene in all these troubled spots but surprisingly went on to win elections conducted in some of these places.
To this end, the leadership of the party has been inaugurating and dispatching teams to these troubled areas with the hopes of keeping the State of the Union strong and stable even though the desires and aspirations of some have nonetheless been threatening the delicate peace path being put in place at every level.
Cash Crunch
One major issue the party has faced over the period is a nosedive in terms of the revenue that has had to come in for the party post elections. Tension and subdued anger has, at some point, played out at the national secretariat even as the current economic crunch takes a toll on the ruling party, no thanks to the policy of government not to fund its activities.
The resultant effect has been in part, officials and staff of the party spending more time in darkness as a result of faulty generator, members of the National Working Committee (NWC) no longer execute projects due to lack of funds, adverts running into millions not being settled, amongst other pressing party issues.
Botched Convention
Within the period under review, the party violated an important provision of its own constitution with regards to holding its national convention to appraise its state of affairs and make necessary adjustments even after it eventually set a date of April 29, 2017. Since the last convention of the party held in October 2014, same should have been convened in 2016.
Article 25 (A)(i) of the APC constitution stipulates that the National Convention of the Party shall be held once in two (2) years at a date, venue and time to be recommended by the National Working Committee and approved by the National Executive Committee subject to the giving of the statutory notices to the Independent National Electoral Commission and at least fourteen (14) days notice given to members eligible to attend.
This is in spite of the constitutional provision, there is also a caveat stating that the National Executive Committee may summon an emergency National Convention at any time provided at least seven (7) days notice of the meeting shall be given to all members eligible to attend.
The post Two Years Of APC: The Challenges, The Progress appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Scoring touchdowns on four of their first five drives, the Aledo Bearcats ran past the Saginaw Rough Riders, 52-7, Friday night in a District 6-5A game at Rough Rider Stadium in Saginaw.
The win raises the Bearcats' record to 5-0 overall and 2-0 in district play.
The Bearcats' defense was the shining star again, holding Saginaw to 115 total yards, with most of the yardage coming in the fourth quarter.
“We kind of hang our hats on defense around here,” Bearcats head coach Steve Wood said. “We had a lot of big plays on offense, but when they stack eight in the box we have to throw. I thought (quarterback) Jake (Bishop) did a good job of keeping plays alive with his feet, and he threw the ball well.
“Our first defense did not give (Saginaw) much, and again we take pride in our defense.”
Aledo struck early when after moving the chains with a 14-yard scramble, Bishop fired a 78-yard touchdown pass to Jeffrey “Scooby” Carter. On the play, Carter easily beat single coverage down the left sideline.
Cole Daniels added the extra point, and just 1:02 into the contest the Bearcats led 7-0.
The next Aledo score was set up by an interception by senior cornerback Giovanni Torres at the AHS 10.
Bishop got the ‘Cats out of a third-and-14 hole with a 21-yard keeper to move the chains. Three plays later, Bishop found receiver Beau Mask for a 10-yard gain on third and 10 to keep the drive alive. On the next play, junior tailback Tre Owens blasted off right tackle and went 52 yards to the end zone with 3:38 remaining in the opening quarter.
Daniels' boot increase the Aledo lead to 14-0.
Saginaw achieved its initial first down of the game on the Riders next possession, but it ended when Aledo linebacker Reagan Rice intercepted a tipped pass at the hosts' 37.
Bishop once again used his feet to move the chains as he scooted eight yards to convert a third and seven, which brought the ball to the SHS 16 on the final play of the first quarter.
After senior tailback Jake Norwood carried for 10 yards, the Bearcats scored two plays later when Bishop fired a bullet to a diving Money Parks, and the receiver cradled the six-yard touchdown pass just over inside the goal line.
With 10:45 left in the half, Daniels added the PAT for a 21-0 lead.
The Bearcats' defense got into the scoring act next. On third and 19 from the SHS 15, Aledo junior defensive end Colt Ellison snared a swing pass by Saginaw quarterback Luke Blakely and sprinted 15 yards to the end zone with 9:36 left in the half.
“I have no idea where he was throwing the ball,” Ellison said. “When I caught it I knew I would score.”
Daniels' PAT kick extended the lead to 28-0.
After a quick three and out that forced another Saginaw punt, it took only one play for Aledo to find the end zone. On first and 10 from his own 39, Bishop tossed a lofty pass down the left sideline to senior receiver Hunter Rosson, who beat single coverage by three steps on his way to completing a 61-yard touchdown play.
Daniels added the PAT, and with 7:50 remaining in the second period the Bearcats' lead grew to 35-0, where it remained at the half.
Once again, the Bearcats' defense was rock solid. Saginaw gained just 20 total yards in the first half and was limited to three first downs.
Aledo scored on its opening possession of the second half. A 40-yard Bishop-to-Rosson pass completion put the ball in Saginaw territory, and three plays later, Bishop found receiver Jay Miller for a 26-yard touchdown. On the play, Miller bobbled the pass, but quickly gathered it in waltzed to the end zone.
With 8:25 left in the third period, Will Turner booted the PAT to increase the lead to 42-0.
An interception by Jake Ford on Saginaw's next possession set up another Aledo score.
On the first play of the drive, Bishop flipped a shovel pass in the middle to Norwood, who was initially bottled up. However, Norwood spun out of trouble to break a tackle and outran two defenders to the end zone to complete a 29-yard touchdown play.
Jack Phillips booted the PAT as Aledo led 49-0 with 6:46 left in the third quarter.
On Saginaw's ensuing possession another interception – this time by Wyatt Harris – led to an Aledo score. He picked of the ball at the Saginaw 25 and advanced the ball to the hosts' 13.
But the drive stalled, and Will Turner kicked a 27-yard field goal to extend the lead to 52-0 with 1:52 left in the third period.
Saginaw committed its sixth turnover of the game on its next possession when AHS senior defensive end Bobby Hufnagle recovered a fumble at the end of the third quarter.
Saginaw closed the scoring with the lone score of the fourth quarter when running back Michael Jones scored on a 39-yard run, with Felix Cano adding the extra point.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Maynard James Keenan generally has a difficult time masking his disdain for obsessive Tool fans. In a new interview with the New Zealand website Stuff, he jokes that “there will always be a percentage of our fanbase who need to stay on their meds,” and “that sort of intensity can be enjoyable for a while, until it crosses a line and you have to get your taser out.” (To be fair, they can be a pretty wacky bunch.)
These days, Keenan seems at least as invested in making wine as he is in music. It's easy to imagine as an outside observer that his passion for grapes has something to do with the fact that vintners aren't regularly hounded for autographs or confronted with theories about which obscure vintage nebbiolos influenced their latest batch. But according to Keenan, oenophiles can be just as bothersome as your average hardcore fan of punishingly dense progressive nu-metal. From the same Stuff interview:
“That thing is f…ing poison! Sites like Yelp have fostered this generation of novice experts who have the power to open their mouths but haven't actually put the work into knowing what they're talking about. I've had bad Yelp reviews of my tasting room, but it had nothing to do with the wine. The reviews were bad merely because I wasn't there! That's like giving my record a bad review because I wasn't in the record store when they bought it! I can only say to those people: shut the f… up!”
You heard the man: whether you're into “Stinkfist” or Merkin Vineyards, just be cool about it.
BY Mark Gleeson
Brighton and Hove Albion have tabled a final offer for Percy Tau that is believed to be in the record-shattering region of R50-million and could even increase further with performances clauses.
Tau's club Mamelodi Sundowns could earn up R65-million from the deal‚ easily surpassing any previous fee for a South African footballer and going some way to recouping the profligate spending of owner Patrice Motsepe over the last decade.
But the deal now stands at a crucial juncture‚ according to a representative of the English Premier League club‚ who did not want to be named but has‚ on Wednesday‚ been speaking exclusively to TimesLIVE.
They are frustrated that the deal remains inconclusive‚ even though Brighton made a first approach to Sundowns as far back as March with efforts to sign the Premier Soccer League's Player of the Season.
They say their final offer has now been made and if not accepted‚ within 24 hours‚ they will walk away from the deal.
It represents the last chance for Sundowns to make money out of Tau‚ who is desperate to go and try his luck overseas.
The 24-year-old Tau is already boycotting Sundowns' pre-season training because he feels promises made to him are being reneged upon.
Tau was told the club would not stand in his way if he got a chance for an overseas move to one of the top five leagues in Europe.
The South African Footballer of the Year has told Sundowns management that he will only sign a move to Brighton – whether it is now or in 12 months time.
With a massive transfer fee on the table‚ it is baffling what is keeping Motsepe from signing on the dotted line.
Tau has just a season left on his Sundowns contract and Brighton have told TimesLIVE they would wait until January and sign Tau on a pre-contract‚ thereby picking him up for free this time next year.
But Brighton would rather strike a deal that benefits all parties now‚ the representative said.
Sundowns have already taken a major financial hit this year‚ turning down an R18-million offer from FK Qarabaq of Azerbaiijan in January for Khama Billiat‚ when it was already clear he would not sign a new deal.
Instead he has now moved across the league to Kaizer Chiefs on a free transfer.
Sundowns are in danger of gaining a reputation for promising players one thing and then doing another.
Keegan Dolly had to stand his ground before he was eventually sold to Montpellier in France in another example of a player who was assured he could go overseas when an offer was received but then in reality having to resort to lawyers to get the deal done.
It also happened after the 2010 World Cup when fullback Siboniso Gaxa got an offer from Belgium.
He also had to jump through hoops before eventually joining Lierse.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Kim Jong-un's Half-Brother Killed in Malaysia 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un died suddenly at an airport in Malaysia's capital on Tuesday, local officials told Reuters.
Police said they were investigating the cause of death of Kim Jong Nam after he fell ill at the airport in Kuala Lumpur, according to the news agency.
Kim Jong-Nam, son of former North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il, at Tokyo's Narita airport, in 2001. Toshifumi Kitamura / AFP - Getty Images
NBC News was not immediately able to verify that the man was the half-brother of North Korea's dictator. An official who answered the phone at the district police headquarters told NBC News that "the case is still under investigation." He declined to give his name or comment on the dead man's identity.
Kim Jong Nam and Kim Jong-un share a father in former North Korean leader Kim Jong Il, who died in 2011. But the pair have different mothers.
Details remained unclear. South Korean officials said it appears he did not die of natural causes.
Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee told a news briefing on Wednesday that the South Korean government believed Kim Jong Nam was murdered, according to Reuters.
"We have yet to have the full briefing from the Malaysian authorities but circumstances seems to be pointing towards confirming that the man killed was Kim Jong Nam," Chung Joon Hee, the spokesman of South Korea's Unification Ministry, told NBC News on Wednesday.
South Korean lawmaker Lee Cheol Woo, the secretary-general of the Intelligence Committee of South Korea's National Assembly, said the committee was told by the National Intelligence Service that the body is believed to be that of Kim Jong Nam and were awaiting autopsy results.
Believed to be in his 40s, Kim Jong Nam is believed to have fallen out of favor with the regime in 2001 after he was caught trying to enter Japan under a fake passport, saying he wanted to enter Tokyo Disneyland.
His reported death comes days after North Korea declared its first missile test since the inauguration of President Donald Trump.
Earlier this month South Korea said its secretive northern neighbor dismissed its minister of state security, who was a key aide to Kim Jong-un and ran the country's secret police.
FILE - In this Oct. 8, 2014, file photo, a Wall Street address is carved in the side of a building in New York. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, Friday, Aug. 11, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo
PHOTONEWS: Quit notice: Osinbajo in closed door meeting with Igbo leaders
Acting President, Yemi Osibanjo, is currently, at the Presidential Villa, holding a meeting with elders and leaders of thought from the South-East The meeting is to discuss the recent spate of secessionist agitations rocking the nation and to ensure the country remains united. The parley has in attendance the Deputy Senate President, South-East governors and […]
PHOTONEWS: Quit notice: Osinbajo in closed door meeting with Igbo leaders
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The birth of eight rare African wild dog pups has been caught on ‘den cams' at Chester Zoo.
It is the first time the endangered animals have been born at the Cheshire-based zoo.
Keepers spotted mum K'mana going into labour shortly after 11:30am on Sunday, November 19 and watched on remotely via CCTV as she gave birth to her first pup at 11:42am.
The last of the litter arrived at around 6pm.
Also known as painted dogs because of the beautiful multicoloured patterning on their fur, they are supreme predators, working together to bring down prey many times their size.
(Image: UGC)
However, despite their fearsome reputation, the animals are one of Africa's most threatened carnivores - listed as endangered on the International Union for the Conservation of Nature's (IUCN's) Red List of Threatened Species.
Team manager of carnivores at the zoo Dave Hall said: “Painted dogs are incredibly impressive, beautiful animals and the pups are hugely significant new arrivals. They are first to be bred at the zoo bringing important new blood to the international breeding programme for the species- an initiative which is providing a safety net population for the endangered animals.
“We estimate it will be another five or six weeks until the pups are taken out of their underground den and into the open by their mum, K'mana, as their eyes remain closed for a number of weeks after birth. For the time being, carnivore experts here are excitedly keeping a close eye on their progress via remote cameras. K'mana, so far, seems to be doing an excellent job – making sure her new charges are getting sufficient milk.”
(Image: UGC)
Painted dogs, which are usually found in isolated regions of eastern and southern Africa, take their name from their irregular mottled coat, which features patches of yellow, black, brown and white fur.
These patterns confuse prey by making a pack look larger than it is.
Mike Jordan, the zoo's collections director, added: “Painted dogs are now one of Africa's most endangered carnivores, due to the huge territories they need to survive, much larger than most other carnivores. There may now be fewer than 1,500 breeding African wild dogs left.
“They have been severely persecuted across the continent for many decades. In the early parts of the 20th century, colonial settlers exterminated African wild dog populations in many areas simply because their method of pack hunting was seen as unsporting.
“As human populations have increased in Africa the numbers of painted dogs have dropped steeply as their habitat is converted to farmland and villages expanded. “This puts them in direct conflict with local people, where they are hunted and poisoned for killing livestock and exposed to infectious diseases transferred from domestic dogs.
“Time is running out for them but, through our long-standing conservation support in Africa, we're working very hard to change this.”
(Image: UGC)
Chester Zoo has been a very important part of the George Adamson Wildlife Preservation Trust African Wild Dog Programme in Tanzania for over a decade, working to return healthy and genetically diverse populations of painted dogs back to the wild.
Zoo experts have helped conservationists working in Africa to re-establish viable populations of painted dogs, bred in special protected breeding areas in Tanzania, in two national parks – Tsavo and Mkomazi.
(Image: UGC)
The zoo's Act for Wildlife conservation campaign is raising vital funds to protect painted dogs from extinction in Africa.
Visit www.actforwildlife.org.uk for more information or to text AFRI03 £5 to 70070 to donate to the conservation charity's campaign.
Group lauds Osinbajo's peace efforts, insist on restructuring
Youth group known as, ‘I belong to One Nigeria Initiative', has commended Acting President Yemi Osinbajo for meeting with northern and southeastern leaders, aimed at calming the tension being generated by the October 1 forceful eviction order handed to the Igbos by some northern youth groups and find ways of putting an end to continued […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired his national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of his contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said he misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with the Russian ambassador.
This isn't the first time Trump has distanced himself from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairman after disclosures by The Associated Press about his firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
“This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy,” said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help him win.
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press he has not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts.
“I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today,” Manafort said.
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into his job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairmen, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees.
Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of his contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls.
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between his public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations.
“You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others,” said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairman of the House intelligence committee, said he was concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of his conversations with the Russian ambassador.
“I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here,” Nunes said. “You have an American citizen who had his phone call recorded and then leaked to the media.”
The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets, including diplomats, inside the U.S.
Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in his resignation letter, saying merely that he “inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.”
While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairman of the Senate intelligence committee, said much of the panel's investigation will occur behind closed doors, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said he planned to push to make the findings and hearings public.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians. “No, absolutely not,” Spicer said.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 20:38 17th April 2017
Picture credit: Jim Pickard
This graphic is from a presentation presided over by John McDonnell today. It apparently explains the structure of McDonnell's proposed Strategic Investment Board. If it looks to you like a diagram of the power grid for the Central Electricity Generating Board circa 1949 it is because it comes from the same mindset that designed the CEGB. Does it look like the kind of nimble financial organisation to take on and beat the Silicon Valley investment giants creating our world?
Not impressed? It is only when you see the kind of nonsense being pumped out by the people around McDonnell trying to update state socialism (with an iPad) that you remember that only 3 years ago McDonnell was typically spending his evenings giving his alternative economics briefings to two old tankies, an adolescent plastic-bag carrying trot and a confused old lady keeping warm. Now the FT comes along to wonder at his ideas.
Diane Holmes pulled up just in time to hear the gunshot.
Her son, Tylor, pulled the trigger. He killed himself on July 8, 2012.
He did it in front of his estranged girlfriend's home.
His parents and brother rushed there to help him but didn't make it in time.
Rather than bury this memory, the Bethlehem woman shares it with the hope that other young people don't share the same fate as her son.
She founded the T. Holmes Foundation to raise suicide awareness and provide small donations to families who have suffered the loss of a loved one to suicide.
"I wanted to put a name and a face to suicide in our community to show it can happen to anybody at any time," she said.
Her son was a Liberty High School grad and a good student on his way to his senior year of college studying business at Kutztown University.
He tried to kill himself in June 2012 but received counseling and seemed to have bounced back.
"Even the day he took his life he seemed perfectly fine. There were no warning signs," Diane Holmes said.
She believes young people suffering emotional pain need to know their suffering won't last forever. There are people who want to help them. There are others who feel like they do.
The first step is learning to open up. That's why Holmes' foundation started the "Let's Talk About It" program. It starts by showing young people a YouTube video introducing them to Tylor. They don't learn until the end of the video that he killed himself.
Often the teens watching the video admit to each other that they've considered suicide, maybe even tried it.
"It really opened their eyes up," Diane Holmes said.
She started a movement called Tylor's Continued Journey on Facebook. She asks participants to print out a photo of her son and bring it into their homes. By "introducing" Tylor to their families, participants can engage each other in dialogue about suicide.
She had no idea photos of her late son would pop up across the United States and in India, Panama, Canada, the United Kingdom and the Dominican Republic.
"I want him to be remembered for the way he lived. He was a loving, caring person," Diane Holmes said.
Suicide prevention measures rolled out for Easton schools
Her foundation gives small grants to help cover funeral expenses for families of those who committed suicide. It provides food for viewings. It's circulated thousands of Christmas cards to lonely seniors. Tylor had a job at a nursing center and worked on holidays because he was the only friend some seniors had in their lives.
His mother's mission is to relieve others' loneliness and to do what she can to prevent tragedies like the one her family endured.
"I don't want anyone to feel like that," Diane Holmes said. "I don't want anyone to live through what we went through."
GET HELP
If you are in crisis or know someone who is call 1-800-SUICIDE.
You can reach the T. Holmes Foundation at 484-633-1111 or tholmes.diane@gmail.com.
Rudy Miller may be reached at rmiller@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @RudyMillerLV. Find Easton area news on Facebook.
Everything you need to know about the new BBC divorce drama starring Nicola Walker, Anthony Head and Stephen Mangan
When is The Split airing on BBC1?
The Split will begin on Tuesday 24th April at 9pm on BBC1. The new drama, from writer Abi Morgan (The Hour, River), will run for six episodes.
Advertisement
What is The Split about?
The Split centres around three sisters – divorce lawyers Hannah and Nina and their youngest sibling Rose.
Focused on the complex world of high profile divorce, the series will see the trio try to navigate secret affairs, family feuds and competing cases.
When she is refused a promotion by her boss and mother Ruth, Hannah (Nicola Walker) jumps ship to work at a rival firm causing friction within her family. While Hannah and Nina fight head-to-head in the divorce proceedings of a multi-millionaire couple, the marriage of their younger sister further complicates their lives. Not to mention the arrival of their estranged father…
Throughout the series the sisters will encounter a vast array of cases including big figure settlements and scandals. The Split is an effort to explore and understand the meaning of marriage in the modern world and to deconstruct divorce in the 21st century.
Can I watch a trailer?
The BBC has just dropped the new trailer for the series complete with drama, tension and a fair share of smouldering looks. “Divorce”, as the trailer says, “is a family affair.”
Who is in the cast?
Nicola Walker leads the cast as Hannah, joined by Episodes actor Stephen Mangan who plays her husband Nathan, and actor Barry Atsma as a former flame at her new firm.
Britannia's Annabel Scholey stars as Nina who works at the family law firm, competing with her sister. Rounding out the trio is Grantchester actress Fiona Button playing the youngest sibling Rose who is struggling to navigate life in the capital, while their mysterious father is portrayed by Anthony Head (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
The high-profile divorcing couple at the heart of Hannah and Nina's conflict are played by Meera Syal and Stephen Tompkinson whose split is set to make for fiery TV.
Who is behind the drama?
The Split was created by writer Abi Morgan who won an Emmy for Outstanding Writing for a Miniseries for her work on the BBC show The Hour. Morgan is also an acclaimed film screenwriter having also worked on Shame, The Iron Lady and Suffragette.
Advertisement
It's not only in the writing department that the show has pedigree as director Jessica Hobbs has credits including Emily Watson-starring thriller Apple Tree Yard and the ITV smash hit Broadchurch.
The Split starts on Tuesday 24th April at 9pm on BBC1
Kylie Minogue, Charles Dance and Kevin Bishop will also feature at the live shows in London's O2 Arena
The Muppets are coming to London – and they're bringing some beloved Doctor Who favourites with them. Talk about ambitious cross-over events…
Advertisement
Kermit the Frog and co are headlining two shows at the O2 Arena on Friday 13th and Satuday 14th July, which will feature Tenth Doctor David Tennant and Fifth Doctor Peter Davison for a variety of sketches and musical performances.
Tennant will appear on the Friday, alongside fellow special guests Kylie Minogue, Kevin Bishop and Charles Dance, while Davison will feature alongside comedian Adam Hills and pop group Steps on Saturday.
The show, Muppets Take The O2, marks the first time that they have ever staged their musical show outside of the USA. There are still some tickets available for the shows (an evening show on Friday and a matinee and evening show on Saturday), and you can pick them up here.
David Tennant can next be seen as a villainous kidnapper in Bad Samaritan, a new horror film which will be released in UK cinemas in August.
Advertisement
The Muppets Take The O2 on Friday 13th and Saturday 14th July
7:11
Singing against gun violence - Miami music students' video captures the pain of losing one of their own
0:59
Why cast members think it's important to be part of 'The Vagina Monologues'
0:33
German authorities say there were 169 violent offenses against homes for asylum-seekers last year, almost as many as in 2015, though the figures sank as the year progressed.
The Federal Criminal Police Office said Tuesday that the number of violent offenses compared with 177 the previous years.
In all, authorities counted 994 offenses against asylum shelters in 2016, a little below the previous year's 1,031. The police office said that most of them had a far-right motive.
Justice Minister Heiko Maas wrote on Twitter that the figures were “deeply shameful.”
Germany saw a huge influx of asylum-seekers and other migrants in late 2015 and early 2016. That tailed off about a year ago, and the number of crimes targeting asylum homes declined over the course of the year.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
By Rami Abou-Sabe
Emma Morano, the world's oldest person, has passed away at the age of 117. Born November 29, 1899, the Italian woman was the last known living person born in the 19th century.
RELATED: ‘Friends The Musical' Will Open Soon Off-Broadway
Morano, raised in Vercelli as the oldest of eight siblings later moved to Verbania where she spent most of her life on the shores of Lake Maggiore. Emma attributed her longevity to a steady daily diet of three eggs (two raw, one cooked), fresh pasta, and a dish of raw meat.
“She joined our celebrated hall of fame with her amazing achievement when she was announced in 2016 as the oldest living female and was officially confirmed as the last person to be born in the 1800s,” Guinness World Records said in a statement.
Despite losing her husband in the first world war, Emma remarried – only to discover her second husband was abusive. Following the tragic death of her son in 1936, her second lost child, Morano worked up the courage to leave her husband – never to remarry.
Guinness World Records will soon announce the new title for World's Oldest Person. The current title for Oldest person living (male) remains Holocaust survivor Israel Kristal, who turned 113 in September.
“I go by what feels right, and what sounds right.”
Tom Petty is sitting across from me in his Malibu home, signature shades on, fully bearded, with his lower, Southern-tinged vocal register in full effect. As is his wont, Petty is quite entrenched into telling it like it is — something he never shied away from during his long and storied career.
“I hate wasting time.”
Thomas Earl Petty, the Heartbreaker-in-chief, passed away at age 66 on October 2, following a massive coronary incident in his Malibu home. As my DT colleague Ryan Waniata eloquently put it in his remembrance, Petty was without question a truly seminal figure in the rock era. I'd even venture to say Petty was the transitional glue linking the sonic sensibilities of the more freewheeling '60s with the singer/songwriter/bandleader movement of the '70s, the one catch being he was able to sustain a level of creativity and popularity until his literal last breath.
“Always of the mindset of learning to fly, that one. Rest in peace, Sweet Tom.”
I had the honor to speak with and hang with Tom quite a few times over the past decade, perhaps none of them as enlightening as that above-noted day in Malibu back on April 1, 2010. No fooling — that day also happened to be the 36th anniversary of the day Tom — and the band that would eventually become known worldwide as The Heartbreakers — set out from the friendly confines of their Gainesville, Florida homebase to drive cross-country in order to achieve fame and fortune out West.
Tom was quite relaxed, open, and even a little playful during our conversation, especially when he was extolling the virtues of what I believe to be his favorite album of his own work, 1994's Wildflowers. Picking up the vinyl copy I had placed on the table in front of him, Tom observed, “When things would get tough during the Wildflowers sessions, I used to tell those guys, ‘Come on, dammit! Just stay another hour, and I'll see you at the Grammys!' I did that all the time with them. And when it actually won one, I said, ‘See? I told ya!'” (everyone who had joined us in the room had a good-natured laugh over that one)
A good bit of our lengthy conversation that day wound up going into the Audiophile transcription vaults, but I've since gone back in to excavate some of the meatiest topics he and I covered, now exclusively presented to the Digital Trends cognoscenti. Here, Tom and I discuss the sound he was going after in the studio, what makes for a good engineer, and what his vision of The Heartbreakers' future was. Always of the mindset of learning to fly, that one. Rest in peace, Sweet Tom.
Digital Trends: Did you always know you were going to be a songwriter and guitar player?
Tom Petty: I think I knew early on that's what I wanted to do, even before I was really adept at the guitar. I immediately started to write my own things with the few chords I knew because I didn't know that many songs, and I wanted more songs to play.
Ian Dickson/Getty Images Paul Natkin/Getty Images
Paul Natkin/Getty Images SGranitz/Getty Images
I always did well in school in English without trying, but the music came from another place. It just appeared. And I'd listen to records at that point for years. I did nothing but listen to records.
When you were starting out, a “career” in rock music really wasn't something you could have foreseen doing for your entire life.
Oh, no. I went at it thinking, “I've passed up the opportunity to make lots of money.” (both laugh) I'm going to go into this and hope I can support myself, but it's probably not going to be as lucrative as the kids who go to college and get degrees.”
But I didn't have a choice. It was all that interested me, so there was no choice. I'd probably have gotten sick if I didn't do it.
At the time, I resisted learning too much of the proper way of doing things musically. I know a lot just from experience, but I think if I had three musicians who knew too much, it would inhibit them from playing from their hearts. They're hearing things in the notes, but I just don't do that. I go by what feels right, and what sounds right. I've learned enough that I can communicate with musicians, but I never really thought of myself as a music scholar. I know what I like, and I wanted to learn how to get it.
Did you have a sense early on about what you wanted to have come across on tape, once you started recording in a studio?
I learned there would be no need to even turn the equipment on in the studio if you didn't have a song. There's no reason to power up, because whatever you do isn't gonna work. So it's really about songs. If we had a good song, we could make a good record, and we were home free. You never really hear a great song sound bad, you know? It's like, if you have four guys playing a good song really well, it just won't sound bad. (both chuckle)
And that sustains me in the studio — if we all play well and it's honest, then it's gonna be OK. I mean, we were never the kind of people who were “the sound of the month.” We never made any disco records. We kind of resisted any sounds that were trendy. We were just a guitar band, and we had an organ and a piano, and we've just stuck there, mostly.
Watching you live, there are times where it looks like you're conducting the band. Your eyes are closed and your arms are out, like you're harnessing what's coming, or what's around you. Are you conscious of doing that?
Yeah. They [i.e., The Heartbreakers] count on it. They really count on it, like an orchestra. And I look at the arrangements as sort of orchestral — what the bottom is going to do, and where the melody instruments are kinda over here. The dynamics are so important. If you don't get quiet, you can't get loud. (both laugh)
Do you subscribe to the idea that you can play the feel right out of a song?
Oh yeah, yeah. You can hear it go. It's just not going to be the same. And that's that mojo, you know? (both laugh) That's the magic here in this moment, and it's not going to be the same magic in a few moments.
“If you don't have a good song and a good track, all the best mixing in the world ain't gonna mean anything.”
When we were recording, I wasn't worried about things being too rough, or any of the mistakes; I just wanted to get the feel on everything — and make sure the song was good. And that's mostly what I'm after in the session. I have to convince myself that, “Right, we have a song, and this is worth finishing.”
I remember one time we had a song where, when we started to play it, it sounded exactly like The Heartbreakers, and I flagged it. And they were all relieved when I flagged it. I said, “You know what? Let's not do this! We've done this kind of record already. I don't want to do another one; let's just let it go.” And they were all like, “Whew — we're really glad you said that, because we didn't want to do it either.” We were all on the same page.
The first objective is to make a really good song and record, and then come to the mix and approach it that way. You gotta make a good record in the first place. If you don't have a good song and a good track, all the best mixing in the world ain't gonna mean anything.
You're a proponent of hi-res recording and listening. Any specific examples to cite as to something you've mixed for hi-res enjoyment?
Anytime you have a lot of guitar — a lot of high-end guitar solo especially — or cymbals, you can listen to that and hear we got a pretty good top [end] sound on it. And if you're not careful, that stuff can really run right over you — hi-hats and cymbals. So we were fortunate in that we were able to keep a nice top on things.
I'm going to pull out an photo from circa 1978 [shot by Neil Zlozower], where we see you sitting on the floor, surrounded by what we'd now call vintage gear. Do you remember that?
(chuckles) Yeah, I do. Those speakers were JBL 4311s. That was state of the art then, man. And that's a 2-track Technics tape recorder, And the Marantz power amp, I got that out of the office at Shelter Records. (chuckles) [Head of Shelter Records Denny] Cordell gave me that, because I didn't have anything when I came out here. He let me take this out of the office.
Those records you see there, like the Eddie Cochran one on top — they were just there, you know? That was kind of my life at the time. I just sat in that room and played records. And talk on the phone.
This is funny — that is the first boombox, the first all-metal Sony boombox! (chuckles) I took that on the road in '77. It was a miracle having that thing. I could record the band with it, and get these great sounds. It had a compressor in it, so you couldn't overload the tape. It would just record the band great. I lugged that thing around for years. It was all metal, and it was kinda heavy.
We hang onto everything. And we've got so much of everything. I try to rationalize it too: “We might use that. Don't get rid of it!” (chuckles)
How do you know you're working with a good engineer?
A good engineer's job knows how to be one step ahead of what's gonna happen and keep it flowing — and to never lack or lose the groove because someone doesn't know how to plug in, or they say, “We don't have this … “
“If you're having fun, stuff will happen.”
I worked with this great engineer years ago, Richard Dodd. Richard was so good at tuning the bass, because he knew we'd turn around and go, “Well, let's use the bass,” and he's already tuning it up. There's a lot to that. A good producer does that. He has everybody in a good space, and get the most out of that, and not let something rain on your session so you have to try and get back where you were.
We would come in around 2 o'clock, and we were out of there by 9 or 10. We didn't stay all night. You never get anything good, or done. At 8 or 9, we got it. That worked out perfectly. And I always think about that with the '60s people — they made the records quick. Musicians didn't even go into the control room in those days. The Beatles had a lot to do with changing that, though there wasn't a lot to do in there. (both laugh)
Well, I'm interested in seeing what you and this group of Heartbreakers might be doing in 2030. Seriously.
I just hope to be here. I don't see why we have to quit, why we can't keep growing.
I also think the important thing is, there needs to be a reason to buy another record. If I made [1979's] Damn the Torpedoes as every record since the '80s, there wouldn't be a reason. So I tried to look at it that way: “Let's go where the wind takes us. We're gonna be somewhere different each year, or each couple of years. We're gonna hear things different, we're gonna be in a different place.”
I don't see why you have to stop. The whole idea of being an artist is to grow. You keep having something to say. And you have fun. That's a real important ingredient. If you're having fun, stuff will happen.
The shame about all that is entertainment has been boiled down to soundbites. But there are people who want to know more. Me, I'm working on it for a whole other crowd. (laughs) I'm doing it a whole different way. And I don't see any reason to change that.
Karen K. Leach, 70
CHESTERFIELD (March 19, 2018) – Karen Kay Leach, 70, of Chesterfield passed away Wednesday morning, March 14, 2018, at her residence.
Karen was born July 24, 1947, to Perry and Ruth (Dudderar) Stahl in Carlinville. She married James F. Leach on April 29, 1972, and he recently preceded her in death on Feb. 18, 2018.
Karen was a homemaker, raising two daughters. She was a member of Grace Baptist Church in Palmyra. Karen enjoyed camping, watching humming birds, tending to her vegetable and flower garden, and going to yard sales.
Karen is survived by two daughters, Stephanie (Chris) Edwards of Chesterfield, and Marcie (Steve) Adams of Fairview Heights.
Karen was preceded in death by her parents; husband; infant son, Kevin Eugene Lamarr; three sisters, Marlowe Scott, Janet Timmermeier, and Wanda Houseman; a half-brother, Leonell Stahl; and a half-sister, Vera Releford.
Visitation will be held on Wednesday, March 21, from 9-11 a.m. at Davis-Anderson Funeral Home, Carlinville, where funeral services will follow at 11 a.m., with Rev Jim Allen officiating. Burial took place in Chesterfield Cemetery.
Memorials are suggested to the American Lung Association.
Online condolences can be given at davisandersonfuneralhome.com.
Davis-Anderson Funeral Home, Carlinville, is in charge of arrangements.
WASHINGTON — A top House Democrat is challenging the core conclusion of the memo released by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes on Friday, calling the allegation that the Justice Department and FBI withheld key details as they sought a secret surveillance warrant on former Trump adviser Carter Page “deliberately misleading and deeply wrong on the law.”
NBC News has exclusively obtained a six-page rebuttal to the Nunes memo from Rep. Jerry Nadler of New York, the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, which was to be circulated to all House Democrats on Saturday.
Given his senior position, Nadler is one of the small number of lawmakers who has viewed the highly sensitive documents that are the basis of Nunes' memo.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pres. Trump says GOP memo 'vindicates' him 2:16 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The rebuttal focuses on four key points having to do with the legal underpinnings of the GOP-produced document:
That Nunes' memo fails to demonstrate that the government lacked enough evidence beyond a dossier from former British spy Christopher Steele to obtain a FISA warrant on Page.
That Steele's expertise on Russia and organized crime would have outweighed any concerns a FISA court would have had about the funding of Steele's work by partisan actors — funding sources that Steele may not have even known about.
That Nunes' memo “provides no credible basis whatsoever” for removing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who oversees the investigation led by special counsel Robert Mueller.
That Nunes' memo shows that Republicans “are now part and parcel to an organized effort to obstruct” Mueller's probe.
Nadler's legal analysis represents Democrats' most detailed public response to the Nunes memo, released Friday after President Donald Trump agreed to its declassification over the objections of his own FBI Director.
Nunes justified the unprecedented effort to disclose highly sensitive information by saying that “officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes.” The memo argued that if not for Steele's dossier, or if the political funding sources for it had been disclosed to a FISA judge, they would never have been able to obtain a surveillance warrant on Page in October 2016.
Nadler counters that they have “every indication that the government made its application to the court in good faith.”
Related: Full text of Nadler's memo
“Carter Page was, more likely than not, an agent of a foreign power. The Department of Justice thought so. A federal judge agreed. The consensus, supported by the facts, forms the basis of the warrant issued,” Nadler said.
What's more, Nadler said, is that a “well-established body of law” says that a FISA warrant could be voided only if the government “included false information or excluded true information that was or would have been critical to the court's determination of probable cause.”
“The Nunes memo alleges nothing that would even come close to meeting this standard,” Nadler writes.
Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee have drafted their own response to Nunes' memo. But it contains classified information, and committee Republicans rejected their attempt to make it publicly available at the same time as the Nunes memo. If Trump does not agree to declassify the document, as he did with the Republican memo, it can only be released through a highly complicated legislative procedure that would depend on Republican support.
Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, told reporters Friday that despite the Nunes memo's assertion, the Page FISA warrant application included “references to Candidate 1 and Candidate 2.” What's more, such applications typically wouldn't include “specific references to people or the names of law firms or even the names of political campaigns,” because of so-called minimization procedures.
Glenn Simpson, co-founder of the opposition research firm Fusion GPS, which contracted Steele to compile the dossier, told the House Intelligence Committee that he did not believe Steele “knew the identity of the client” that had hired Fusion when Steele first contacted the FBI to share his discoveries.
Schiff also argued that the Russia investigation “would have begun and continued even if Christopher Steele had never come along,” a point Nadler underscores as well.
“Nothing about the source of Steele's funding or his later opinions about Donald Trump speak to the credibility of his work, or its inclusion in the FISA application,” Nadler writes. “The Nunes memo gives us no reason to doubt the court's determination of probable cause to believe that Carter Page was an agent of the Russian government — particularly given Page's later admissions to the press about his interactions with Russian officials.”
Amid concerns that Trump might use the memo as pretext for firing Rosenstein, Nadler argues that Nunes' findings show that the FISA process was well under way before Rosenstein assumed the position in early 2017.
“The Deputy Attorney General could not have signed an application to renew surveillance on Carter Page if the government was unable to show that it had already gathered valuable evidence under existing orders and expected that collection to continue,” Nadler writes. “Under these circumstances, any decision not to approve the renewal would have appeared to have been politically motivated.”
Nadler concludes that Nunes' memo only shows that Republican efforts to protect Trump in the face of Mueller's investigation has taken a significant turn.
“Until now, we could only really accuse House Republicans of ignoring the President's open attempts to block the Russia investigation. But with the release of the Nunes memo … we can only conclude that House Republicans are complicit in the effort to help the President avoid accountability for his actions and the actions of his campaign,” Nadler writes.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) – Florida legislators are starting negotiations over a new gambling deal.
House and Senate members met Monday and the two sides have about three weeks left in this year's session to reach an agreement.
The Senate has passed a bill that would allow slot machines at dog and horse tracks in eight counties outside of South Florida. It would also allow the Seminole Tribe to offer craps and roulette at its casinos.
The House measure would allow the tribe to keep its slot machines and blackjack tables for 20 years, but would not let them offer additional games. The legislation also confines slot machines to South Florida.
Legislators have tried for several years to pass a gambling bill, but the deals fell apart amid heavy lobbying from the gambling industry.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:38 We'll be there
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
Mark Zuckerberg is on a worldwide apology tour for misusing your personal data.
The fact is: millions of companies make billions cramming unwanted ads down your throat. An unethical process plays out behind the scenes. Your personal information is collected then passed to anonymous intermediaries for analysis.
The result? More unwanted ads. Your breached privacy is sold to the highest bidder - strangers you will never meet. Strangers who want to know everything about you. Do you feel violated? Good! You should. This is a gross invasion of your privacy. But now there's a way to fight back.
Los Angeles Clippers forward Tobias Harris, second from right, shoots as Chicago Bulls center Robin Lopez, second from left, and forward Paul Zipser, right, of Germany, defend while center DeAndre Jordan watches during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. Mark J. Terrill AP Photo
Giancarlo Stanton is leaving the Miami Marlins and we certainly will miss him as a player.
But we think the star outfielder, who is headed north to the New York Yankees, might miss us, too.
The 28-year-old L.A. native has had quite a run since he joined the Marlins in 2010, when the baseball team was called the Florida Marlins and he was known as Mike Stanton.
The homerun king wasn't exactly known as a party guy like such basketball greats as Dwyane Wade, LeBron James and Chris Bosh, but he was known to get around (in a good way).
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
In November 2014, after signing a new 13-year, $325 million contract, his star began to rise, as did his profile.
Who would've thought this mullet headed kid from Sunland-Tujunga was going to be MVP one day.… https://t.co/EMckkLuhov — Giancarlo Stanton (@Giancarlo818) November 17, 2017
The following spring he appeared on the cover of glossy Ocean Drive magazine, talking about his bachelor status.
In September, there was more proof of his celebrity status: The baller, despite a wrist injury, became a brand ambassador for high-end watch company TAG Heuer.
Tough gig, but someone had to do it: In January of the following year, when the 63rd annual Miss Universe pageant was held at Florida International University's auditorium, Stanton was one of the judges. The athlete later partied with Donald Trump at the real estate mogul turned president's nearby resort, Trump National Doral.
In a Haute Living article later that year, he professed his love for Miami.
“Unlike a lot of other cities, there are a lot of places open late. It's easy to find a place to go after a game when you just want to relax.”
As recently as last summer, the six-foot-six slugger was rubbing elbows with famous people such as “Bachelorette” Rachel Lindsay and singer Christina Milian during MLB All Star Week at Marlins Park.
Stanton apparently wanted to go out with a bang. In true South Beach fashion, the soon-to-be New Yorker partied with 2 Chainz on Saturday night at Rockwell nightclub's Art Basel party, even getting up on stage and making moves with the rapper.
@giancarlo818 congrats bru !!! Dis right here called a #welfie word to mike will A post shared by 2 Chainz Aka Tity Boi (@hairweavekiller) on Dec 10, 2017 at 12:03am PST
2 Chainz posted a pic of the two on Instagram with the caption, “congrats bro.”
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) - Kentucky senior left tackle Cole Mosier has sustained a torn right anterior cruciate ligament that ends his Wildcats career.
The 6-foot-6, 335-pound Mosier will undergo surgery on Thursday after injuring the knee during Saturday's scrimmage. He started 13 of 32 career games for Kentucky, including 10 in 2016. Mosier was among four returning starters on a Wildcats offensive line that blocked for a pair of 1,000-yard rushers last season.
Mosier, who walked on and earned a scholarship as a redshirt freshman, is not eligible for a sixth season. The Walton, Kentucky, native called the injury "a big blow" in a release on Monday but thanked Kentucky coaches for everything they did and providing a scholarship that he called "a dream come true."
More AP college football: collegefootball.ap.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Miami Marlins starting pitcher Adam Conley delivers during the third inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Miami.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Miami Marlins' Dee Gordon hits an RBI-single to score Derek Dietrich during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Miami.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton, left, watches his single during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Miami. Giants catcher Nick Hundley, right, looks on.
(AP Photo/Lynne Sladky). Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton hits a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Miami.
By CHRISTOPHER STOCKAssociated Press
MIAMI (AP) - Giancarlo Stanton took care of business right away.
Stanton hit his team-record 43rd home run, connecting in his fifth straight game and sending the Miami Marlins over the San Francisco Giants 8-3 on Monday night.
Stanton broke the club mark of 42 homers set by Gary Sheffield in 1996, doing it in the Marlins' 117th game of the season.
"When you're one homer or one hit away from a record, you don't want to let it linger because then every at-bat is, 'Is he going to do it? Is he going to do it?'" Stanton said. "So luckily I got it out of the way right away, put us on top, and able to finish."
Stanton has homered 22 times in his last 34 games.
"He's on a sick terror," Marlins second baseman Dee Gordon said. "He's amazing."
Said Giants manager Bruce Bochy: "Stanton is in one of those streaks very few power hitters have done what he's doing right now."
Stanton set another team record for most consecutive games with a home run when tagged Ty Blach (8-8) for a two-run drive in the first inning.
Blach said, "I thought I made a pretty decent pitch. He's such a strong guy."
The All-Star slugger later had an RBI single as Miami won its fourth in a row.
"For him to finally have a smile on his face and have a little charisma about himself and stop being so monotone all the time is pretty cool," Gordon said.
Marcell Ozuna also homered for the Marlins. Dee Gordon had three hits, scored twice, and drove in a run to help back Adam Conley (5-5), who allowed three runs in 6 1-3 innings.
"A lot of good things happened where you play the kind of game you like to see," Marlins manager Don Mattingly said. "Obviously Giancarlo's been incredible, but we know there's going to be nights he's not going to do it and we're going to have to be able to score runs somehow."
Denard Span's two-run double tied the game in the third and Hunter Pence's single put the Giants on top 3-2. Christian Yelich tied it with an RBI single in the bottom half.
Gordon and Stanton hit back-to-back RBI singles in the fourth. Ozuna hit a solo home run, his 27th, in the fifth.
GORDON HEATS UP
Gordon has a 10-game hitting streak at Marlins Park and is hitting .415 (17 for 41) during that span after his 16th three-hit game of the season.
Gordon led off with a single before Stanton immediately followed with a home run.
"It's been my fault the last week-and-a-half because I haven't been getting on base in front of him to start the game," Gordon said. "He's only been getting one RBI."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Giants: 2B Joe Panik was hit in the head during the second game of Sunday's doubleheader at Washington and did not play. "He's doing well," Bochy said. "He's doing just fine. He was going to get the day off anyway playing both games, all three games there in one day. We'll see in another 24 hours to make sure he is OK. Looks good right now."
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen (arm) has a one-inning simulated game scheduled for Tuesday. ... SS JT Riddle (left shoulder) had labrum surgery last week and has been ruled out for six months.
UP NEXT
Giants: LHP Madison Bumgarner (2-5, 2.71 ERA) will start the second game of the series with RHP Matt Cain (3-9, 5.22) getting the start on Wednesday. Bumgarner is 1-3 with a 4.50 ERA in six starts against the Marlins.
Marlins: RHP Dan Straily (7-8, 3.74) will take the mound looking for his first win since July 7, a span of six starts. Straily is 0-4 with a 5.17 ERA during the span.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Kashamu, Uranta, Frank, Hail Saraki's Acquittal by CCT
The senator representing Ogun East senatorial district in the National Assembly, Prince Buruji Kashamu, Executive Secretary of the Nigerian National Summit Group (NNSG), Mr. Tony Uranta and Deputy National Publicity Secretary of the Progressives Congress (APC), Timi Frank, have reacted to the acquittal of the embattled Senate President, Senator Bukola Saraki, by the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT), hailing it as victory for democracy and the rule of law.
The CCT yesterday dismissed the case of false asset declaration against Saraki following his no-case submission.
Kashamu in a statement he issued said: “I received with joy the news of the dismissal of the 18-count charge against Saraki, and his discharge from the trial by the CCT.
“This development gladdens my heart because it will help to deepen our democracy and further entrench the principles of the separation of powers and the rule of law.
“I salute the judiciary for proving yet again that it is fulcrum of our democracy and a sacred institution that can be relied upon in resolving disputes between the state and individuals without fear or favour.”
Kashamu also praised his colleagues in the National Assembly, especially the Senate, for standing by the President of the Senate while the trial lasted, adding that, “The resilience and support of my colleagues at the National Assembly, especially the Senate, no doubt, would have served as a strong elixir for Saraki while the dark cloud hovered over his political firmament.”
He urged the Senate to commit himself anew to the task of national development.
“While the trial lasted, Saraki stood strong with his belief in the Almighty Allah. He showed that he was a rare leader who knew his onions; unbowed, savvy and sagacious. He never allowed his trial to hamper his job as the Chairman of the National Assembly and President of the Senate.
“Now that all the tension and distractions are over, it is hope that Saraki will commit himself anew to the task of national development and cohesion with renewed vigour, forthrightness and patriotism,” Kashamu said.
Also, in a statement made available to THISDAY yesterday in Lagos, Uranta said the nation's faith in the judiciary is further strengthened noting that it is apt for every accused person to have their day using the court of law to prove their innocence or otherwise.
Uranta said: “Saraki was accused, had his days in court and has been discharged…meaning he's been exculpated. Our faith in the judiciary and the rule of law has yet again been justified!
“It is better to take time to investigate thoroughly, give every accused person their day in court, and allow the law take its full course, rather than let mob anarchy or trial-by-media substitute for due process.
“Also, we all must stop seeing accused persons through the distorted narratives lens of partisan or ethno-religious prejudice.”
On his part, Frank has said the verdict of the CCT freeing Saraki of corruption charges will help the upper chamber to focus more on making laws that will positively impact on humanity.
In a statement signed yesterday in Abuja, Frank said the ruling by the tribunal Chairman, Danladi Umar, that the prosecution team failed to prove the allegation against the Senate President showed that “it was initially a mere political victimisation engineered by a section of the ruling class.”
Frank, while commending the tribunal for allowing justice to prevail at the end, said the judgment will make the Senate President to be more focused in making laws that will positively impact on humanity.
The APC Deputy Publicity Secretary thanked all the party leaders and supporters across the country who stood by and believe in the leadership of Saraki even while the case was going on.
“Now that the case has been laid to rest, I call on our leaders to come together and form a united force for the sake of our party and the progress of Nigeria project.
Frank who said the victory is not for Saraki alone but Nigerians at large, called on both the executive and the legislative arms of government to work together to raise living standard of Nigerians.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rido/Shutterstock
There's a new-and-improved way to lower your blood pressure—and you'll hardly have to lift a finger. (But if you want to go above and beyond, these foods can help lower blood pressure, too.) According to new research published in American Journal of Hypertension, a sweat session in the sauna may be the key to lowering blood pressure in men.
For the study, researchers divided 1,621 healthy men into three groups: those who attended the sauna once, two to three, or four to seven times per week. None of the participants had high blood pressure when the study started.
In the follow-up study over two decades later, 15.5 percent of the men had high blood pressure. However, men who went to the sauna two to three times per week were 24 percent less likely to have high blood pressure, and those who went four to seven times per week decreased their risk by nearly 50 percent. Try even more natural remedies for high blood pressure, too.
Researchers say your health gets a boost when you sweat it out in the sauna. For starters, your body temperature rises, muscles relax, and blood vessels widen. Plus, the heat improves the function of your endothelium, the tissue that lines the inside of your blood vessels. All of these perks help lower your blood pressure, according to the press release.
So, what's the hold up? Quit popping pills and jump in the sauna, stat! Here are 31 more things you can do right now to avoid high blood pressure.
[Source: Well+Good]
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — The Latest on WWE wrestler Rich Swann (all times local):
11:58 a.m.:
WWE has suspended wrestler Rich Swann following his arrest on battery and false imprisonment charges in Florida.
In a statement released Sunday, the wrestling entertainment company said it “has zero tolerance for matters involving domestic violence.”
Swann, who is 26 and a former WWE cruiserweight champion, was arrested Saturday.
According to Gainesville Police, Swann was arguing with his wife, who is also a wrestler. His wife — whose name is Vannarah Riggs but goes by Su Yung — had wrestled earlier. A police report said Swann criticized her performance and the pair began arguing. A witness told police that Riggs jumped out of Swann's slowly moving car.
The report says the witness also saw Swann put Riggs in a headlock and dragged her back to his vehicle.
Swann will appear in court Monday. No attorney is listed in county records.
WWE said Swann was suspended indefinitely.
——
10:43 a.m.:
Wrestler Rich Swann is being held without bail in a Florida jail after he was arrested and charged with battery and false imprisonment.
Swann, who is 26 and a former WWE cruiserweight champion, was arrested Saturday.
According to Gainesville Police, Swann was arguing with his wife, who is also a wrestler. His wife — whose name is Vannarah Riggs but goes by Su Yung — had wrestled earlier. A police report said Swann criticized her performance and the pair began arguing. A witness told police that Riggs jumped out of Swann's slowly moving car.
The report says the witness also saw Swann put Riggs in a headlock and dragged her back to his vehicle.
Swann will appear in court Monday. No attorney is listed in county records.
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:26 Lumberton residents use canoes and kayaks to check on properties, pets
The North American box office closed out the year with $11.4 billion in ticket sales, ComScore said Sunday. That marks a new record for the industry, bypassing the previous high-water mark of $11.1 billion, set in 2015.
ComScore, a data measurement company, didn't calculate admissions, but studio executives and analysts believe attendance will be essentially flat.
The character Dory, voiced by Ellen DeGeneres, in a scene from 'Finding Dory,' the top-grossing movie of 2016. Pixar/Disney / AP
Nor do the figures account for inflation. Ticket prices hit new highs earlier in 2016, although an average full-year price for tickets has yet to be calculated.
Still, it was a record that few thought the industry would set. The year was faulted for lacking major franchises such as James Bond and the "Fast and the Furious" series.
It was a particularly strong year for Disney, which controlled more than a quarter of the domestic market share despite releasing fewer films than any of the other major studios.
It made the most of what it had. Disney launched four of the top five highest-grossing films, including "Finding Dory," the year's top film, with $486.3 million.
The latest Star Wars movie, "Rogue One," finished the year in second place, but it was only released on Dec. 16 in the United States and continues to enjoy strong sales.
The top films of 2016 were:
Controversial comments from a city employee two weeks ago, are still stirring up conversation.
Neighbors from North Toledo met at the Lagrange Street Library Branch, down the street from Joe E. Brown Park on Monday night.
The Block Watch meeting was discussing what is happening with the park following a city employee's comment saying basketball “draws a crowd unworthy of the park”.
Some residents said they are still upset by the comments, but are now looking for solutions.
"There is no need for an apology here, all that happened was a revelation of how it really happened, the truth came out,” said Felissa Green, who lives close to the park.
Green was one of the many members of the community at the meeting. She revealed she doesn't have any ill feelings, but, wants to start a discussion.
"There is definitely a need for basketball, and for our kids to get outside,” said Green.
"Basketball is a way of life for our young kids, that's for black, orange, green, everybody,” said Councilwoman Yvonne Harper.
Four Toledo City Council members were sitting in on the meeting, Peter Ujvagi, Gary Johnson, Dr. Cecelia Adams and also Harper, whose district houses the park.
"I know why all of you guys are here, you want to know that we've got it worked out, we've got it worked out just a little,” admitted Harper.
The city is forming a recreation task force, and are planning on discussing all of the amenities are each park throughout the city. They're expected to meet Wednesday, March 21st, with members from across the community.
But, even the neighbors in favor of a basketball court admit, they know basketball courts can cause trouble.
"I have the same concerns about the intensity, I'll call it, that basketball as a sport might bring about, but what are we going to do about that,” said Green.
Councilwoman Dr. Cecelia Adams said then it's a matter of police presence at the parks.
At the end of the day, some neighbors agree the park won't be a fail without the court, but it isn't ideal.
"I wouldn't feel as good about it, I think people would still come to enjoy it, but it would have a stain on it for me,” said Green.
Block Watch Leader Kathleen Johnson says kids are playing basketball in the street as it is, and thinks a court would help with safety.
"Problems are going to exist no matter what they are doing at the parks, so a basketball court couldn't hurt,” said Johnson.
The Mayor's office said they are following through with their promise of sensitivity training following the city employee's comments.
There are 70 employees who are expected to take part including directors, commissioners, managers, and administrators.
As far as the basketball court, the administration said they'll continue exploring the option.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Don't believe the hype: Love stinks, and no day reminds you of its follies quite like Valentine's Day, as marketers fall over themselves to remind you you're really on your own. To make the occasion, we've collected some of our favorite songs about heartbreak to console you on this cold winter day.
Eels, “Hey Man (Now You're Really Living)” This casual, jingly Eels tune from 2005's Blinking Lights and Other Revelations is a heartbreak song precisely at the midpoint of sarcasm and sincerity. Each repetition of the title sounds bitter as hell, and also like holy reverence for the whole spectrum of human emotion: “Do you know what it's like to care too much / ‘Bout someone that you're gonna never get to touch? / Hey man, now you're really living.” It's hard to take pleasure in sadness when you're looking up from the bottom, but “Hey Man” is a treasure that outlasts the lows. — ANNA GACA
Various Artists, “It Never Entered My Mind” Songwriting team Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart wrote one of the greatest love ballads of all time back in 1940, and since then, there have been countless excellent recordings of it. It's hard to pick a favorite: The melancholic takes Ella Fitzgerald and Frank Sinatra released in the 1950s are probably the ideal versions, but there's also Miles' iconic trumpet rendition, which helped solidify the song's place as one of the most poignant jazz standards of all-time. Hart effortlessly situated dozens of his lyrics perfectly on the line between despair and absurd humor, assisted by ingenious, bizarre rhyme schemes. I don't understand you if you don't agree that “You had what I lack myself/Now I even have to scratch my back myself” is one of the saddest, greatest couplets ever written. Here's an underrated, muted version by Peggy Lee that's perfectly suited for a gray Valentine's Day. — WINSTON COOK-WILSON
Al Green, “For the Good Times” If you don't listen closely, you might not realize “For the Good Times” is a song about heartbreak, and not everlasting love. The chorus begins with a watercolor scene of a couple in bed, holding each other close and taking shelter from a drizzly day. Then, the final couplet reveals that the soul of the relationship has already escaped through the window, and this might be the lovers' final afternoon in each other's arms: “Make believe you love me, one more time / For the good times.” Kris Kristofferson, who wrote “For the Good Times,” suffused his version with heartache, beginning with the uncertain shake in his voice in the opening lines. Ray Price, who made it a number one hit on the country charts a few years later, followed suit. Al Green and his longtime producer Willie Mitchell double the length of Kristofferson's original, refashioning from country ballad into symphonic soul opus. The longing is still there, carried by Green's unparalleled restraint as a vocalist. But he and his backup singers make the couple's final embrace sound like the height of ecstasy, rendering the kicker all the more crushing when it finally arrives. Green's version stands out for showing you just how good the good times really were. — ANDY CUSH
The Magnetic Fields, “You're My Only Home” If you've never found yourself on the powerless end of a longterm relationship that's falling apart before your eyes, well—I haven't either, but I imagine it's awful. Of the many Magnetic Fields songs that document such resignation, “You're My Only Home” has stuck with me the longest because of its despairing chorus: “When you cancel dinner plans/when you cross the street and you don't take my hand/ when you make impossible demands/I wish I didn't understand.” Bracketed by earnest declarations of devotion, the song's center reveals its narrator to be a realist, someone who understands that whatever relationship he's in is already over—that even if he isn't technically alone, he's on his own. Also, the way Stephen Merritt drops his voice when he croons “street” makes me grin every time. — TAYLOR BERMAN
NSYNC, “Tearin' Up My Heart” This is the first song about heartbreak I remember really being affected by. There's never been a point in my life since its release that I haven't been able to sing its chorus, and the damaged sweetness of boy band vocals are particularly good at conveying this sort of infinite internal turmoil. — JORDAN SARGENT
Aaliyah, “We Need a Resolution” ft. Timbaland In which Timbaland the No Good, fed up with the drama, decides to abandon his girl for a night out, as he justifies himself with a charismatically corny verse—“I'm tired of these scars!”—that rides off the defense of wounded masculinity. I suppose confronting that hurt would be the noble course of action here, but this verse consoles me because of its moral: Life is too short not to be petty. It's an easy mantra to remember when an ex removes you from Facebook or what-have-you. I will keep shining, boo. — BRIAN JOSEPHS
The Mountain Goats, “Game Shows Touch Our Lives” Tallahassee is a devastating album about the death throes of a married couple's relationship, but no song locates the heartbreaking mix of tenderness and bitterness involved with a protracted breakup like “Game Shows Touch Our Lives,” in which the couple watches game shows while getting stupid drunk. Darnielle's narrator hands his soon-to-be-ex-wife a bottle of liquor, and delivers a heartbreaking, unadorned line: “People say friends don't destroy one another / What do they know about friends?” Nobody can hate you better than someone who's seen your best side, and judged it against your worst. — JEREMY GORDON
Tullycraft, “Pop Songs Your New Boyfriend's Too Stupid to Know About” As if getting dumped weren't bad enough, the person they left you for inevitably has basic taste in music. The “new boyfriend” has almost certainly heard of Neutral Milk Hotel by now—this song is from 2000—but the point stands. Cold comfort when you run into your ex's new boo at a concert for a band you introduced them to first. — ANNA GACA
Randy Newman, “Living Without You” “Living Without You” is a perfect and devastating song that describes the hopelessness that follows a difficult breakup, the feeling of suddenly being alone with no end in sight. The Nilsson cover is excellent, as are Newman's stripped-down versions, but there's no comparison to the original, with its crescendoing orchestration matching the rising desolation of Newman's voice. — TAYLOR BERMAN
Bloc Party, “Like Eating Glass” “It's so cold in this house,” Kele Okereke sings at the beginning of “Like Eating Glass,” crying with a sense of finality. The entire track, Bloc Party's debut album's opener, details a relationship that's been derailed by natural courses rather than a misfortune. It's a fate that awaits all romance; we kiss with “crosses on our eyes.” Love is bad, actually. — BRIAN JOSEPHS
D'Angelo, “One Mo' Gin” “One Mo' Gin” is less about heartbreak than it is the sort of wistful memories you keep of someone who was meant to only pass through. There is something about the way in which D'Angelo's vocals linger over the quite cheery arrangement, as if he's really savoring thinking back on a closed chapter of his life. That can be fun, but the emptiness attached to that sort of natural passage of time can really hollow you out, too. — JORDAN SARGENT
Liz Phair, “Divorce Song” Couples fight for a million reasons, but it's particularly exhausting when an argument arises out of a misunderstanding. Liz Phair just wants to get a different hotel room at the end of a long drive, but her quasi-boyfriend takes it the wrong way and launches into a litany of reasons why this isn't working out. In her husky, deeply weary voice, Phair apologizes for not being more attentive to how her tossed-off words could be conceived, then admits a deep hurt at how personal the fight turns: “But when you said that I wasn't worth talking to / I had to take your word at that / But if you'd known how that would sound to me / You would've taken it back / And boxed it up and buried it in the ground.” Her singing is as clear and cool as a stream of river water, and the heartbreak of being able to diagnose a problem but not prevent it is felt acutely. — JEREMY GORDON
Townes Van Zandt, “Snowin' on Raton” In impressionistic fashion, “Snowin' on Raton” tells the story of a man traveling through a snowstorm near the southern tip of the Rocky Mountains. We don't really know where he's going, or where he's coming from. “You cannot count the miles until you feel them / And you cannot hold a lover that has gone,” Van Zandt sings to his hero. From that gnomic advice, it sounds like his partner has left him behind, and he's headed off in a pursuit that may turn out to be futile. Beyond that, we only have haunting imagery: silent towns where the wind doesn't blow and the moon doesn't rise, mountains sleeping beneath blue and green blankets. My favorite version was recorded live in 1984, with Blaze Foley singing sweet harmonies over Van Zandt's shoulder. Each man is a Texas country original who plumbed the depths of loneliness in his songs, who led a boozy, wayward, and sometimes tortured life, then died well before his time. Hearing them sing through the VHS static and watching the stage lights glint and flicker off the studs in Foley's hat, it's easy to imagine them on their own journey through the mountains, just emerging from the snow. — ANDY CUSH
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what she needed to boost her career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," she says.
But she couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. She owns a house, she says, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, she signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Her MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if she were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," she says.
Even if she passes the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if she wants to finish her graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. She quit her job in the oil industry to earn her master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, she thinks her on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," she says.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," he says. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Check out all the fixtures and results for every match at this year's Fifa World Cup, including full TV knockout coverage details live on BBC and ITV Sport
After the group stages and England's incredible penalty shootout in the Last 16, the Fifa World Cup 2018 continues.
Advertisement
Who's through to the quarter-finals, and when are the matches being played? Check all the details of kick-off times, TV coverage and more below.
In the UK live TV coverage is shared by the BBC and ITV. Every match will be shown on TV, with each broadcaster also providing a live online stream for all their World Cup matches.
For BBC games, the action will be streamed live on the BBC Sport website and on iPlayer. ITV meanwhile will have live online coverage via the ITV Hub.
There will also be full live radio coverage on BBC Radio 5 Live and talkSPORT radio.
The final will be on Sunday 15th July 2018 in Moscow, Russia.
30 June
France v Argentina, 3pm BBC1 RESULT: France 4-3 Argentina
Uruguay v Portugal, 7pm ITV RESULT: Uruguay 2-1 Portugal
1 July
Spain v Russia, 3pm BBC1 RESULT: Spain 1-1 Russia (Russia win 4-3 on penalties)
Croatia v Denmark, 7pm ITV RESULT: Croatia 1-1 Denmark (Croatia win 3-2 on penalties)
2 July
Brazil v Mexico, 3pm ITV RESULT: Brazil 2-0 Mexico
Belgium v Japan, 7pm BBC1 RESULT: Belgium 3-2 Japan
3 July
Sweden v Switzerland, 3pm RESULT: Sweden 1-0 Switzerland
Colombia v England, 7pm ITV RESULT: Colombia 1-1 England (England win 4-3 on penalties)
6 July
France v Uruguay, 3pm
Brazil v Belgium, 7pm
7 July
Sweden v England, 3pm
Russia v Croatia, 7pm
Semi-final fixtures
10 July
Semi-final 1, 7pm ITV
11 July
Semi-final 2, 7pm BBC
Saturday 14 July
Third-place play-off, 3pm ITV
Sunday 15th July
Final, 4pm live on BBC and ITV
World Cup 2018 group stage FULL results
14 June
Russia v Saudi Arabia, 4pm ITV RESULT: Russia 5-0 Saudi Arabia
15 June
Egypt v Uruguay, 1pm BBC RESULT: Egypt 0-1 Uruguay
Morocco v Iran, 4pm ITV RESULT: Morocco 0-1 Iran
Portugal v Spain, 7pm BBC RESULT: Portugal 3-3 Spain
16 June
France v Australia, 11am BBC RESULT: France 2-1 Australia
Argentina v Iceland, 2pm ITV RESULT: Argentina 1-1 Iceland
Peru v Denmark, 5pm BBC RESULT: Peru 0-1 Denmark
Croatia v Nigeria, 8pm ITV RESULT: Croatia 2-0 Nigeria
17 June
Costa Rica v Serbia, 1pm ITV RESULT: Costa Rica 0-1 Serbia
Germany v Mexico, 4pm BBC RESULT: Germany 0-1 Mexico
Brazil v Switzerland, 7pm ITV RESULT: Brazil 1-1 Switzerland
18 June
Sweden v South Korea, 1pm ITV RESULT: Sweden 1-0 South Korea
Belgium v Panama, 4pm BBC RESULT: Belgium 3-0 Panama
Tunisia v England, 7pm BBC RESULT: Tunisia 1-2 England
19 June
Colombia v Japan, 1pm BBC RESULT: Colombia 1-2 Japan
Poland v Senegal, 4pm ITV RESULT: Poland 1-2 Senegal
Russia v Egypt, 7pm BBC RESULT: Russia 3-1- Egypt
20 June
Portugal v Morocco, 1pm BBC RESULT: Portugal 1-0 Morocco
Uruguay v Saudi Arabia, 4pm BBC RESULT: Uruguay 1-0 Saudi Arabia
Iran v Spain, 7pm ITV RESULT: Iran 0-1 Spain
21 June
Denmark v Australia, 1pm ITV RESULT: Denmark 1-1 Australia
France v Peru, 4pm ITV RESULT: France 1-0 Peru
Argentina v Croatia, 7pm BBC RESULT: Argentina 0-3 Croatia
22 June
Brazil v Costa Rica, 1pm ITV RESULT: Brazil 2-0 Costa Rica
Nigeria v Iceland, 4pm BBC RESULT: Nigeria 2-0 Iceland
Serbia v Switzerland, 7pm BBC RESULT: Serbia 1-2 Switzerland
23 June
Belgium v Tunisia, 1pm BBC RESULT: Belgium 5-2 Tunisia
South Korea v Mexico, 4pm ITV RESULT: South Korea 1-2 Mexico
Germany v Sweden, 7pm ITV RESULT: Germany 2-1 Sweden
24 June
England v Panama, 1pm BBC RESULT: England 6-1 Panama
Japan v Senegal, 4pm BBC RESULT: Japan 2-2 Senegal
Poland v Colombia, 7pm ITV RESULT: Poland 0-3 Colombia
25 June
Uruguay v Russia, 3pm ITV RESULT: Uruguay 3-0 Russia
Saudi Arabia v Egypt, 3pm ITV4 RESULT: Saudi Arabia 2-1 Egypt
Spain v Morocco, 7pm BBC4 RESULT: Spain 2-2 Morocco
Iran v Portugal, 7pm BBC1 RESULT: Iran 1-1 Portugal
26 June
Denmark v France, 3pm ITV RESULT: Denmark 0-0 France
Australia v Peru, 3pm ITV RESULT: Australia 0-2 Peru
Iceland v Croatia, 7pm BBC RESULT: Iceland 1-2 Croatia
Argentina v Nigeria, 7pm BBC RESULT: Argentina 2-1 Nigeria
27 June
South Korea v Germany, 3pm BBC RESULT: South Korea 2-0 Germany
Mexico v Sweden, 3pm BBC RESULT: Mexico 0-3 Sweden
Serbia v Brazil, 7pm ITV RESULT: Serbia 0-2 Brazil
Switzerland v Costa Rica, 7pm ITV RESULT: Switzerland 2-2 Costa Rica
28 June
Senegal v Colombia, 3pm BBC1 RESULT: Senegal 0-1 Colombia
Japan v Poland, 3pm BBC2 RESULT: Japan 0-1 Poland
England v Belgium, 7pm ITV RESULT: England 0-1 Belgium
Panama v Tunisia, 7pm ITV4 RESULT: Panama 1-2 Tunisia
30 June
France v Argentina, 3pm BBC1
Portugal v Uruguay, 7pm ITV
1 July
Spain v Russia, 3pm BBC1
Croatia v Denmark, 7pm ITV
2 July
Brazil v Mexico, 3pm ITV
Belgium v Japan, 7pm BBC1
3 July
Sweden v Switzerland, 3pm BBC1
Advertisement
England v Colombia, 7pm ITV
Greg L. Davis
72nd Air Base Wing Public Affairs
The Northrop P-61 Black Widow was the first American aircraft specifically designed as a night-fighter optimized to use on-board radar systems to detect enemy aircraft for engagement. The aircraft sat on robust, retractable tricycle landing gear and featured a single main wing, which met the fuselage half-way up. One engine was placed on each side of the fuselage ahead of the wings' leading edge. This structure also formed the root for the twin-booms and rudders connected by a single, long-span elevator. An air-interception radar was fitted in the bulbous nose of mission configured Black Widow aircraft.
Tinker's role with the P-61 was fleeting. Only 17 aircraft are shown to have been processed through the facilities here between January-June 1947. These aircraft were likely here for modification to F-15A “Reporter” reconnaissance configuration.
The P-61 arrived in both the Pacific and European theater late in the war (first half of 1944). Despite the late arrival, the aircraft had notable success with the downing of its first enemy aircraft on July 7 of that year. In the same month, Black Widows shot down four German bombers in their first aerial engagement over Europe.
Dual engines, long range and multiple crewmembers made the P-61 ideal for long-range reconnaissance missions and 37 P-61Cs were extensively modified to remove armament, radar and guns to lower the aircraft' weight while installing six cameras in a modified nose. After the war, the now redesignated F-61 Black Widow was withdrawn from service by 1950 along with the reconnaissance version, the RF-61, which was formerly called the F-15A ‘Reporter,' by 1952.
Campbell's Bay LIZANNE KLUKE lwkluke@tlb.sympatico.ca
What can we talk about today? Wow, an attack in Edmonton, knife attack in France, shootings in Las Vegas! Every day there is something else.
God bless our little towns. The only noise this past weekend was German music and trucks and tractors roaring at Oktoberfest in Ladysmith. There was a good crowd as usual and many campers. It was a bit on the cool side but that was okay.
This article is available only to subscribers to THE EQUITY (home delivery or online) who have registered for the News Alerts Service. If you have already registered for THE EQUITY's News Alerts Service, please log in here. If you wish to register for the News Alerts Service, you may register below. (For online subscribers please use the same email address used for your online subscription.)
Existing Users Log In Email Password Remember Me
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
The global crime drama is coming back – but will James Norton be returning to play the lead?
International crime thriller McMafia has been renewed for a second series on BBC1.
Advertisement
The first season, starring James Norton as investment-banker-turned-mafioso Alex Godman, was inspired by Misha Glenny's non-fiction book about the world of organised crime.
The drama followed Godman, the son of Russian exiles, as he was pulled deeper and deeper into the criminal underworld and unable to resist the lure of corruption.
McMafia drew a consolidated average audience of 7.1 million on the BBC and even made an impact on UK legislation: a new law to seize rich foreigners' assets, if they can't prove they were earned through legal means, has been dubbed “the McMafia law”.
Creators Hossein Amini and James Watkins said: “We are so thrilled with how McMafia has resonated with audiences across the world and are delighted to be given the opportunity to cast more light on the shady intersections of transnational criminals and their enablers in finance, law, intelligence agencies and even in governments.”
Advertisement
James Norton is expected to return to play the protagonist but casting for the second series has not yet officially been confirmed, and an air date has not been announced.
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
The International Space Station has hosted more than 230 astronauts over the years, and now it's set to host its first floating robotic head. A ball-shaped robot known as CIMON — that's short for Crew Interactive Mobile Companion — will join German astronaut Alex Gerst when he and his crewmates rocket to the ISS this June.
Roughly the size of a medicine ball and weighing about 11 pounds, CIMON is designed to accompany and assist Gerst and his crewmates as they move about the ISS.
One of CIMON's exercises on the ISS will involve solving a Rubik's cube with astronaut Alex Gerst. Courtesy Airbus
The bot was built by aerospace giant Airbus and runs a version of IBM Watson's artificial intelligence. It has a video-screen face that gives it a hint of personality, along with a camera and digital voice that let it talk with the astronauts as they perform experiments — and answer questions that crop up.
“Think of it as Space Alexa,” reads a post about CIMON on the website of Airbus, which is developing the robot on behalf of the German Aerospace Center.
CIMON Project Manager Till Eisenberg (left) and CIMON GNC Team Leader Josef Sommer test the robot with images of astronaut Alexander Gerst, whom it will work with in space. Courtesy Airbus
Why put CIMON on the station? “Studies show that demanding tasks are perceived less stressful if they were done in cooperation with a colleague,” Matthias Biniok, an IBM Watson architect, told NBC News MACH in an email. “CIMON helps enhance safety because it can help serve as an early warning system in case of technical problems.”
Though it's only a bot, CIMON can respond to situations with something like emotions — happiness if a task goes well, for instance, or surprise or even fear if things don't go exactly as planned. It's programmed to recognize Gerst, who was given a hand in selecting CIMON's voice and its face as a way to foster their budding friendship.
The ISS has never seen anything like CIMON, but it won't be the first robot to visit the station.
In 2008 the Canadian Space Agency sent up Dextre, a two-armed robotic “handyman” that on Earth tipped the scale at 3,440 pounds. In 2011 NASA sent up Robonaut 2, the first humanoid robot to fly in space. Dextre is still on the job, but Robonaut 2 was recently brought back to Earth to address problems with its performance.
If CIMON does well, it may wind up with assignments on Earth. Dr. Judith-Irina Buchheim, a physician at Ludwig-Maximilians University Hospital of Munich in Germany and an advisor to the CIMON project, said the robot could be used to provide support to doctors and engineers and help care for elderly people living alone.
SBA PROGRAMS & RESOURCES workshop
FREE workshop:
*Gain a basic understanding of resources and services
*Learn about various financing options available
*Learn what banks look for when lending money
WHEN:Monday, April 24, 2017
TIME: 6-8pm
COST: FREE
WHERE: TTU SBDC, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock, TX
Call Elaine @ 745-1637 to register. Or click this link to register online Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
ELAINE Melot
Email:
elaine.melot@ttu.edu
Department:
Northwest Texas SBDC Region
Event Information
Time: 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
Event Date: 4/24/2017
Location:
TU SBDC, 2579 S. Loop 289, suite 114, Lubbock, TX
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Small Business Development Center
By the time many woke up Monday to news of the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history, social media sites were already scrambling to delete misinformation and hoaxes that were spreading quickly. Despite the efforts, fake news about the shooter's political leanings and his religion gained traction online.
When crawling for news of the shooting, Google's algorithm picked up a link from the notorious troll community 4Chan, wrongly identifying the shooter. The link made it into Google's top news module.
In a statement, Google said its search engine was "briefly surfacing an inaccurate 4chan website in our search results for a small number of queries. Within hours, the 4chan story was algorithmically replaced by relevant results. This should not have appeared for any queries, and we'll continue to make algorithmic improvements to prevent this from happening in the future.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Night Out in Vegas Turns Into a Nightmare 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On Facebook's Safety Check page, a link from "Alt-Right News" incorrectly identifying the shooter and alleging he was an anti-Trump liberal was displayed.
“Our Global Security Operations Center spotted the post this morning and removed it," Facebook said in a statement. "However, its removal was delayed, allowing it to be screened captured and circulated online. We are working to fix the issue that allowed this to happen in the first place and deeply regret the confusion this caused."
And on Twitter some seemingly heartfelt pleas asking for help finding a missing loved one racked up retweets using photos of everyone from a porn star to a child Vine star before those accounts were eventually suspended.
Full Coverage: The Deadliest Shooting in Modern U.S. History
Twitter spokeswoman Liz Kelley said the site is "reviewing and removing content that violates our rules — both proactively and through reports."
Kelley pointed to a company blog post in June detailing the benefits and challenges of Twitter's format when it comes to ridding the site of fake news. "Twitter's open and real-time nature is a powerful antidote to the spreading of all types of false information. This is important because we cannot distinguish whether every single Tweet from every person is truthful or not," Colin Crowell, Twitter's vice president of public policy, government and philanthropy, wrote in the post.
The problem of erroneous information being posted on social media platforms is often worsened as well-intentioned people press the share or retweet buttons, helping to spread a piece of fake news, Allison Matherly, coordinator of digital engagement at Texas Tech University said.
"It's not just people purposely spreading misinformation," Matherly said. "People also accidentally spread information wanting to inform those around them, and they don't vet the social media post and spread that misinformation further."
Photos: Harrowing Photos Show Moments After Vegas Massacre
Trolls also deserve some of the blame, Matherly said: "Some people just enjoy adding to the chaos, which makes it important for consumers of the information to pay attention."
While top social media and news aggregators are generally taking steps under pressure to crack down on the rash of fake news that accelerated in 2016, Matherly said the best weapon for fighting misinformation is skepticism.
"I think it is always important for each consumer to determine the validity of the information they are reading," Matherly said. "While it's important for the platforms themselves to try to ensure accuracy of information, ultimately the responsibility lies with the consumer to decide for themselves."
A teenage surfer has died after she was mauled by a shark in Western Australia's south.
The girl's mother and two sisters reportedly watched in horror from the beach as the 17-year-old was grabbed by the shark at Kelp Beds, near Wylie Bay, in Esperance just before 4pm.
WA police confirmed on Monday night that the girl later died. Police, ambulance and Esperance Marine Rescue treated the girl on the beach before she was taken to Esperance Hospital in a critical condition.
The girl, from Mandurah, was surfing with her father when she was attacked. It's understood her leg was badly mauled in the attack and she had lost a lot of blood when pulled from the water, Seven News reported.
Related stories…
The family was reportedly on an Easter holiday.
RECENT SHARK ATTACKS IN WA
June 5, 2016: Doreen Collyer, 60, died while diving a kilometre out from Mindarie Marina between One and Three Mile reefs
June 4, 2016: Ben Gerring, 29, was killed after having his leg severed by a great white shark at Falcon Beach, in Mandurah.
December 29, 2014: Jay Muscat, 17, is killed by a great white while spearfishing at Cheynes Beach near Albany, WA.
October 2, 2014: Sean Pollard, 23, loses both hands after a shark attack at Wylie Bay Beach, near Esperance, WA. He later shared his story with 60 Minutes, recounting the attack in detail.
PerthNow reports there were two shark sightings in the area prior to Monday's attack. One medium-sized shark was spotted 150m off shore at Esperance and another was spotted 300m off Crazies Reef. It's believed the same shark was spotted twice.
This story originally appeared on News.com.au.
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis is seen at the Pentagon in Arlington, VA, U.S. April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
By Idrees Ali
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - On his first trip as U.S defense secretary to parts of the Middle East and Africa, Jim Mattis will focus on the fight against Islamic State and articulating President Donald Trump's policy toward Syria, officials and experts say.
His trip may give clarity to adversaries and allies alike about the Trump administration's tactics in the fight against Islamic State militants and its willingness to use military power more liberally than former President Barack Obama did.
One of the main questions from allies about Syria are whether Washington has formulated a strategy to prevent areas seized from militants from collapsing into ethnic and sectarian feuds or succumbing to a new generation of extremism, as parts of Iraq and Afghanistan have done since the U.S. invaded them.
U.S.-backed forces are fighting to retake the Islamic State strongholds of Mosul in Iraq and Raqqa in Syria, and questions remain about what will happen after that and what role other allies such as Saudi Arabia, can play. There are signs that Trump has given the U.S. military more latitude to use force, including ordering a cruise missile strike against a Syrian air base and cheering the unprecedented use of a monster bomb against an Islamic State target in Afghanistan last week.Administration officials said the U.S. strategy in Syria -- to defeat Islamic State while still calling for the removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad -- is unchanged, a message Mattis is expected to reinforce.
Arriving in the region on Tuesday, his stops include Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Qatar and Israel.
"Particularly with the Saudis and the Israelis, part of the discussion will be clarifying for them what our strategy is towards Syria in light of the strike," said Christine Wormuth, a former number three at the Pentagon.
Islamic State has lost most of the territory it has held in Iraq since 2014, controlling about 6.8 percent of the nation.
DEEPER INTO YEMEN
The United States also is considering deepening its role in Yemen's conflict by more directly aiding its Gulf allies that are battling Houthi rebels who have some Iranian support, officials say, potentially relaxing a U.S. policy that limited American support.
"The Saudi concern is strategically Iran... The near-term Saudi concern is how they send a message to the Iranians in Yemen, and they would like full-throated American support," said Jon Alterman, head of the Middle East program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank in Washington.
The review of possible new U.S. assistance, which includes intelligence support, would come amid evidence that Iran is sending advanced weapons and military advisers to the Houthis.
Congressional sources say the Trump administration is on the verge of notifying Congress of the proposed sale of precision-guided munitions to Saudi Arabia. Some U.S. lawmakers have expressed concern about civilian casualties in Riyadh's campaign in Yemen.
Experts say Egyptian officials are likely to seek more support from Mattis, a retired Marine general, for fighting militants in the country's Sinai peninsula.
Islamic State has waged a low-level war against soldiers and police in the Sinai for years, but increasingly is targeting Christians and broadening its reach to Egypt's heart.
"They would also like more American support in fighting terrorism in the Sinai peninsula and they like more American confidence that they are doing it the right way," said Alterman.
Mattis also will be visiting a U.S. military base in Djibouti, at the southern entrance to the Red Sea, where operations in Yemen and Somalia are staged, and just miles from a new Chinese installation.
The White House recently granted the U.S. military broader authority to carry out strikes against al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants in Somalia.
Last week the Pentagon announced that a few dozen U.S. troops had been deployed to Somalia to train members of the Somali National Army.
(Editing by John Walcott and Alistair Bell)
CHARLOTTE, S.C. — Zane Najdawi scored 28 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and Frankie Johnson drove for one layup to force overtime and another to give The Citadel the lead for good in the extra period on Saturday and the Bulldogs defeated Furman 100-92 to cap an intense three-win home stand.
Languishing near the bottom of the Southern Conference standings four games ago, The Citadel (9-14, 4-7) took undefeated conference leader ETSU to overtime, losing by two on the road when a last-second 3 rimmed out. Once home, the Bulldogs defeated Mercer for the first time in 91 years a week ago, rallied to bump off Wofford, one of the conference leaders, on Thursday, and did it again to Furman (16-8, 7-4) Saturday.
The Paladins held a 17-point lead with 9:13 remaining when Devin Sibley hit a 3-pointer. The Citadel marched back, making its last seven field-goal attempts with Johnson driving to the hoop to tie 88-88 with 4.8 seconds remaining.
The rally continued into the overtime as Johnson drove for the go-ahead and kissed it off the glass for a 90-88 lead, the Bulldogs first since 25-24 of the first half, and they never let Furman come back, making 10 of 11 free throws.
Kaelon Harris scored 11 of his 18 points as The Citadel shot 12 of 15 during the pivotal game-ending run. Matt Frierson scored 21 points, Johnson finished with nine points and nine assists.
Furman was 4 of 11 with three turnovers in the late-game Citadel rally. John Davis and Sibley each scored 18.
Share
Love last year's LG V30? Apparently, LG does, because it's re-releasing the phone with updated specifications. The LG V35 ThinQ looks exactly the same as LG's 2017 V-series flagship, but its internals are akin to the recently-announced LG G7 ThinQ. If you're not a fan of the notch design on the G7, the V35 may be up your alley. It may be a little tough to purchase at the moment, however, because the phone is only available on AT&T and Google's Project Fi network.
You may not recall, but LG also released the V30S ThinQ earlier this year at Mobile World Congress. Releasing so many phones within months is confusing, and there aren't many differences between them. Still, just because the V35 is like its predecessors doesn't mean you shouldn't buy it.
Sleek design, sharp display
Like the V30, the LG V35 looks great. The back is a tad more cluttered now with the “V35 ThinQ” branding, but it still looks clean and minimal. The dual-camera setup sits horizontally at the top, and there's an easy-to-access fingerprint sensor below. The fingerprint sensor still doubles as the power button, unlike the LG G7, which has a separate button on the right edge of the phone.
Oddly enough, LG has downgraded the strength of the glass on the back and the front, opting for Gorilla Glass 4 instead of using Gorilla Glass 5, like it did with the V30. You can still wirelessly charge the phone with a compatible Qi charger.
Around front, you'll notice there's no notch or cutout at the top of the phone, unlike the G7. The notch, which houses a front-facing camera and earpiece, is a point of contention on many other phones, with some calling it a design flaw. We've become used to phones with notches, so they're not a big problem for us, but we're happy to see there isn't one on the V35. Instead, it has ultra-slim edges surrounding the display, which helps the phone maintain a contemporary and sleek look.
The screen looked vibrant and sharp, with deep blacks that made colors pop.
The V35 has a 6-inch screen with 2880 x 1440 pixel resolution (538 pixels per inch) and an 18:9 aspect ratio. It's OLED, like the V30, and supports HDR10 content. In our brief time with the phone, the screen looked vibrant and sharp, with deep blacks that made colors pop. It was tough to see outdoors, however, making us miss the Super Bright Screen mode featured on the LG G7.
A volume rocker sits on the left side of the aluminum frame, and there's a USB Type-C charging port on the bottom, as well as a 3.5mm headphone jack (with a Quad DAC) at the top. The whole body is IP68 water-resistant, which means the V35 can survive a dunk in the pool.
The V35 feels incredibly light, and the curved edges make it more comfortable in-hand. It can be tough to reach the top of the screen due to the phone's 6-inch size, even for someone with large hands, and the all-glass design makes it a little slippery. You'll want to make sure to buy a case. While it looks attractive, the phone doesn't feel as premium as an iPhone or a Samsung phone because of its lightweight nature.
LG V35 ThinQ Compared To
Various colors of V35 will be available, but the black model (pictured here) is the only one we've confirmed with LG so far. We were more than happy with the design of the V30, and we're just as happy with the V35. It's not fresh, since we've already seen it before, but it remains a classy device.
Speedy performance, same battery and software
What makes the V35 stand out from the V30S ThinQ and the V30 is its internal specifications. The latter two are by no means slow, but the V35 is powered by the new Snapdragon 845 processor, which gives it an edge in speed. It also has 6GB of RAM, 2GB more than the V30. That should help future-proof the phone even further, and it should offer smoother multitasking.
Swiping through the Android 8.0 Oreo operating system was fluid, and apps launched swiftly. The phone, just like its current competition, will have no problem running almost anything you throw at it.
There's only a 64GB version right now, but the V35 has a MicroSD card slot that lets you add up to 2TB more storage if needed. It also has a 3,300mAh battery — just like the V30 — which means you should expect around a day and a half of battery life.
The phone, just like its current competition, will have no problem running almost anything you throw at it.
We didn't find many software differences between the LG V30, the G7, and the V35 — they now all run Android 8.0 Oreo, or LG UX 7.0. There are plenty of options to tweak the user interface, though LG UX still doesn't look as good as skins on other Android phones.
One software feature that's unique to the recent V-series phones is the Floating Bar, which lets you hide the traditional Android navigation bar. Its presence on the screen is mostly hidden, and it's a handy way of navigating the OS while saving some space.
There's face unlock, support for Google Daydream VR, and special Google Assistant commands specifically built for the V35, but not much that makes the phone stand out.
Same cameras as the LG G7
The LG V35 has the exact same camera setup as the LG G7, which is slightly different from what was on the LG V30. There are two 16-megapixel cameras on the rear, one with an f/1.6 aperture and optical image stabilization, and the wide-angle lens with a f/1.9 aperture.
The camera is quick to react when pressing the shutter button, and the photos we took with the V35 looked good. The wide-angle mode adds some versatility to the camera, though detail quickly starts to drop off with this lens when you look closely. We found low-light photos a weakness of the G7, and we expect nothing different from the V35.
The main addition, and the reason for the ThinQ branding, is the A.I. Cam.
The Super Bright Camera mode should help with low-light — it's the same feature that's in the V30S and the G7 — though it promises better low-light pictures at the cost of resolution. There's also a Portrait Mode, when you want to add a bokeh effect — or blur — behind a subject. The Portrait Mode, as we said with the G7, is surprisingly capable, though we'll need to do a little more testing to confirm.
The main addition, and the reason for the ThinQ branding, is the A.I. Cam. This separate camera mode can identify 19 different scenes (such as sunset, pet, or flower), and the software alters the photo to make it look better. That includes tweaking the saturation and changing the exposure. It can even recommend using the wider-angle camera for better framing. In our experience with the G7, we didn't find this mode to be that useful. It often made photos look oversaturated.
The V35 retains a focus on video quality, and you'll find the Point Zoom feature in Cine Video mode, which lets you slowly zoom into a subject you tap for a cinematic look. There's also the same 16 color-grading presets that were available on the V30 to tweak the mood of your videos. The front-facing camera is now 8-megapixels, as opposed to the 5-megapixel camera on the V30.
You'll also find Google Lens built into the camera app, which comes after Google announced the feature would be built into third-party cameras on several Android phones.
We don't expect the V35's camera to blow anyone away. It's a capable camera that can produce some fantastic photos, but it falls short of the competition in low-light conditions.
Price and availability
The LG V35 ThinQ will be offered exclusively on AT&T and Project Fi. AT&T is selling the phone for $900, or you can opt for the device payment plan at $30 per month over 30 months. Project Fi has yet to release pricing information.
Keep in mind, we've already heard rumblings of the LG V40 to come out later this year. We're not sure what to expect from the fall flagship smartphone yet, but it should at least have a different design from the V35 and introduce some new features. It's tough to say the V35 is worth buying at first blush, then – but perhaps it'll grow on us.
All it took was three pine trees and two mānuka to honour the newly-signed agreement- The Pukeatua Bilateral Accord.
However, the Minister of Regional Economic Development is taking measures to minimise logging exports nationwide, specifically to China.
"Now, they are not willing to sell our logging so freely overseas. They've turned to keep a larger proportion here in New Zealand," says Minister for Regional Economic Development and Forestry, Shane Jones.
Not only planting trees, but sowing seeds of faith - the government is signalling their intent to work hand-in-hand with iwi.
The Pukeatua Bilateral Accord signals the government's intent to grow forestry in Northland.
"There is a vast logging export trade. We do not want this to continue. There needs to be work made, the logging should be milled here at home to provide employment oppurtunities here," says Pita Tipene, chairman of Ngāti Hine Forestry Trust.
Larger forestry companies in the industry, however, will be the biggest loser- with exports set to drop. However, Jones is intent on providing opportunities for those at home.
"I told the large companies that if they wanted my support, they needed to organise strategy that would leave a large percentage of logs in New Zealand," says Jones.
Jones today also met with Chinese government officials and the China Forestry Group NZ (CFGNZ) at Waipapa to ink a new supply agreement that would do exactly that.
Both partnerships today bringing millions to local economy.
"If you count the money spent here, it will be in the vicinity of $30 million to the region," adds Jones.
The chairman of the Ngāti Hine Forestry Trust says the initiative gives way for unison in planning economic measures forward that will see returns for shareholders and those relevant parties.
"We're happy the government have come to plant trees for the benefit of the people of Northland," says Tipene.
TRUMP AGENDA: The latest on the gun debate
Jon Allen on the debate over gun control after Vegas: “The National Rifle Association has gone dark, but other gun-rights groups say they're keeping close tabs on Republicans to make sure that any new legislation doesn't see the light of day after the shooting massacre in Las Vegas.”
And Alex Seitz-Wald writes that Democrats are seeking a ban on devices that boost how fast guns can fire. (And some Republicans are hinting that they're at least open to the idea.)
After Rex Tillerson responded to NBC's scoop on his tensions with Trump, the Washington Post asks how long he may last.
More, in the New York Times: “If Mr. Tillerson had hoped to douse questions about how long he would stay, he instead further fueled a debate about his future. Although he insisted he had never considered resigning, several people close to Mr. Tillerson said he has had to be talked out of drafting a letter of resignation on more than one occasion by his closest allies, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and John F. Kelly, the White House chief of staff. And they said he has regularly expressed astonishment at how little Mr. Trump understands the basics of foreign policy.”
Bob Corker said Tillerson, Mattis and Kelly “help separate our country from chaos.”
Leigh Ann Caldwell writes that a Koch-based group will spend $4.5 million to pressure Democrats on tax reform.
From the AP, on today's budget action: “Republicans are focused on cutting taxes instead of deficits as they look to power a $4.1 billion budget plan through the House on Thursday. The 2018 House GOP budget promises deep cuts to social programs and Cabinet agency budgets but its chief purpose is to set the stage for action later this year on a comprehensive Republican overhaul of the U.S. tax code. The tax overhaul is the party's top political priority as well as a longtime policy dream of key leaders like Speaker Paul Ryan.”
The coming fight over abortion in the Senate may again highlight Trump's anger about the filibuster's 60-vote threshold, POLITICO notes.
More private-plane woes, this time for Rick Perry (via Reuters).
ICYMI, here's yesterday's ProPublica/WNYC/New Yorker story on how Donald Trump Jr. and Ivanka Trump came close to a felony charge in 2012, but the case was dropped after a significant political contribution.
The Wall Street Journal writes that both Sally Yates and Preet Bharara are noting that Robert Mueller will face a high bar in proving criminal conduct in the Russia investigation.
OFF TO THE RACES: DCCC goes up on the air
The DCCC is up with their first TV and radio campaign of the cycle, hitting Republicans on health care on national cable and on the radio in 11 congressional districts.
AL-SEN: The Washington Post writes that Roy Moore's disruption of Washington is just beginning — starting with his meeting with Steve Bannon.
MD-GOV: Gov. Larry Hogan is popular, but it might not be a cakewalk to a second term.
NJ-SEN: POLITICO is following the latest on the Menendez trial.
NY-11: Michael Grimm wants his old job back, and he's secured Steve Bannon's support.
PA-18: After the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette broke the story of GOP Rep. Tim Murphy's text messages urging his mistress to get an abortion, the congressman announced he will not seek reelection.
Reminder: This is not a competitive district. Murphy ran UNOPPOSED in both 2014 and 2016, and Trump won the district 58-38, and Romney won it by a similar margin -- 58-41 -- in 2012.
TN-SEN: Democrat Bill Freeman won't run for Senate, the Tennessean reports.
VA-GOV: A new Washington Post-Schar poll shows Northam leading Gillespie 53 percent to 40 percent.
30 years ago, the Simpsons were aired on TV for the very first time, Aretha Franklin became the first woman to be introduced into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame and Margaret Thatcher was elected prime minister for the third time. Also 30 years ago, Laguna Phuket was created.
To celebrate that occasion, on Friday 8 December, Laguna Phuket held an anniversary event at Banyan Café, Banyan Tree Phuket. Participated by more than 180 partners and supporters from private and public sectors in Phuket, the celebration includes an opening ceremony, artistic performances and product showcases by resorts at Laguna Phuket; Angsana Laguna Phuket, Angsana Villas Resort Phuket, Banyan Tree Phuket, Cassia Phuket, Dusit Thani Laguna Phuket, Outrigger Laguna Phuket Beach Resort and Laguna Holiday Club Phuket Resort, as well as leisure facility and service providers; Laguna Golf Phuket, Banyan Tree and Angsana Spas and Laguna Tours.
Stuart David Reading, Senior Vice President – Group Property Development, Laguna Banyan Tree Limited, said during his opening remarks, “More than 30 years ago, our founders have discovered this very unique location. What was once a barren land transformed into a fantastic destination with an array of Deluxe hotels, residential communities and great facilities. Today we celebrate our past achievements in making Laguna Phuket into one of Asia's finest destinations that has become “a home” for many, our associates who have worked here with us many for more than10, 20 and more years; our guests many of which return year after year and our homeowners who have made Phuket their home. We are also proud to be known as a leader in sustainable community development with many long-term CSR programs, one of which the Laguna Phuket Kindergarten who celebrates its 25th Anniversary this year,”
“On behalf of Laguna Phuket, I would like to thank our friends and partners in Phuket who share the same vision in serving the ever-evolving tourism demands and, at the same time, preserving the valuable natural resources as well as giving back to the community,” he concluded.
Learn more on LagunaPhuket.com
Check out the dates, kick-off times and channel details for every single Six Nations rugby match on TV this season
The 2018 NatWest Six Nations Championship gets underway this February, with BBC and ITV sharing the rights to the biggest rugby union tournament in the northern hemisphere.
Advertisement
England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland will all be battling for national pride along with France and Ireland, with every match shown live on TV and online.
ITV will have coverage of every home England, Ireland and Italy match, while the BBC has Scotland, Wales and France's matches covered.
The tournament kicks off on Saturday 3rd February and ends with all six nations playing on Saturday 17th March.
BBC will broadcast the matches on BBC1, with live online coverage on BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website. ITV will show all its games on TV and online via the ITV Hub.
In addition, S4C will have Welsh language coverage of all Wales matches, BBC Radio Ulster will have commentary for all of Ireland's matches, and BBC Radio Scotland will have live build-up and coverage of all Scotland matches.
Check out the full guide to every Six Nations match live on TV in the UK below, including dates, kick-off times, channel details and more.
ROUND ONE
Saturday 3rd February 2018
Wales v Scotland – kick-off 2.15pm, live on BBC1
France v Ireland – kick-off 4.45pm, live on BBC1
Sunday 4th February 2018
Italy v England – kick-off 3pm, live on ITV
ROUND TWO
Saturday 10th February
Ireland v Italy – kick-off 2.15pm, live on ITV
England v Wales – kick-off 4.45pm, live on ITV
Sunday 11th February
Scotland v France – kick-off 3pm, live on BBC1
ROUND THREE
Friday 23rd February
France v Italy – kick-off 8pm, live on BBC1
Saturday 24th February
Ireland v Wales – kick-off 2.15pm, live on ITV
Scotland v England – kick-off 4.45pm, live on BBC1
ROUND FOUR
Saturday 10th March
Ireland v Scotland – kick-off 2.15pm, live on ITV
France v England – kick-off 4.45pm, live on BBC1
Sunday 11th March
Wales v Italy – kick-off 3pm, live on BBC1
ROUND FIVE
Saturday 17th March
Italy v Scotland – kick-off 12.30pm, live on ITV
England v Ireland – kick-off 2.45pm, live on ITV
Advertisement
Wales v France – kick-off 5pm, live on BBC1
Don Mattingly talks about 6-1 loss to Mariners on Monday
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
Lane Kiffin will not coach for Alabama in National Championship Game
Alabama head coach Nick Saban announced on Monday that offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin is leaving the team before the College Football Playoff National Championship Game.
In a press release, Saban and Kiffin said they came to a mutual agreement that it will be difficult for Kiffin to focus on Clemson while also preparing for his next gig as the head coach at Florida International.
Steve Sarkisian, who had been working as an offensive assistant for the Tide, will take over as offensive coordinator.
It's fair to wonder if Saban was unhappy with Kiffin's game plan against Washington on Saturday. It makes little sense that Kiffin is leaving now rather than before the start of the College Football Playoff, and Alabama's offense did not look that sharp against the Huskies. Kiffin called too many pass plays even after Washington demonstrated an inability to stop running back Ben Scarbrough, prompting one former Bama star to criticize the approach with this tweet.
Kiffin said recently that his memories of coaching at Alabama mostly involve being chewed out by Saban. We wouldn't be surprised if that happened again over the weekend, which resulted in the mutual decision to part ways.
Gone are the excuses of empty pockets because you always have your phone on you! Thanks to the invention of mobile payment apps, you can pay bills, split tabs, and send money to friends and family at the touch of a button. Hook your credit or debit card up to one of these apps and let the magic happen—just be sure you understand how it works and you know how to use your app safely. (Speaking of which, do you know about these seven online scams?)
Lucky for you, we whipped up this helpful chart to make sense out of all those new mobile payment apps out there. Pin it so your pals can be in the know too!
Tatiana Ayazo/Rd.com
PayPal
Free to send/receive money to friends within the U.S., but business transactions (like eBay) cost 2.9% plus $0.30 USD of the amount sent/received
Use this app (on BlackBerry, iOS and Android) to transfer money to friends with accounts, usually within 1 to 2 business days, via a bank account, credit, or debit card (using a credit card incurs a 3% fee)
Sending money is like writing an email: You post what it's for, then add the amount to transfer.
Google Wallet
Put all your cards on a smartphone, which you can tap on machines at supporting checkouts within the U.S. to pay for purchases (add a 2.9% fee for linking to a bank account or debit card)
Spend funds as soon as you receive them—no waiting
Square Cash
Like Venmo: Send or receive cash through an app, site, or by email, though payments can take longer
Users 18 and over can send money through Snapchat's texting service
Facebook Messenger
Link a debit card to your account; then tap the $ sign when you're in Messenger and enter the amount to send
Money transfers can take up to three business days
Apple Pay
Updated for Docker Community Edition 17.03.0!
A new book designed for SysAdmins, Operations staff, Developers and DevOps who are interested in deploying the open source container service Docker.
In this book, we will walk you through installing, deploying, managing, and extending Docker. We're going to do that by first introducing you to the basics of Docker and its components. Then we'll start to use Docker to build containers and services to perform a variety of tasks.
We're going to take you through the development life cycle, from testing to production, and see where Docker fits in and how it can make your life easier. We'll make use of Docker to build test environments for new projects, demonstrate how to integrate Docker with continuous integration workflow, and then how to build application services and platforms. Finally, we'll show you how to use Docker's API and how to extend Docker yourself.
We'll teach you how to:
* Install Docker.
* Take your first steps with a Docker container.
* Build Docker images.
* Manage and share Docker images.
* Run and manage more complex Docker containers.
* Deploy Docker containers as part of your testing pipeline.
* Build multi-container applications and environments.
* Learn about orchestration. Use Compose and Swarm for the orchestration of Docker containers and Consul for service discovery.
* Explore the Docker API.
* Getting Help and Extending Docker.
Updated for Docker Community Edition 17.03.0!
Learn More and Buy Now
Melissa Etheridge likes to smoke marijuana with her family, she revealed as part of Yahoo's Weed & the American Family project, previewed by People.
The 55-year-old described smoking with her children, Bailey, who is 20, Beckett, who is 18.
“I have smoked with my older two,” Etheridge told Yahoo. “It was funny at first, and then they realized, it's a very natural, end-of-the-day [thing] … And it brings you much closer. I'd much rather have a smoke with my grown kids than a drink — oh, God, no.”
WILLIE NELSON ROLLING OUT MARIJUANA BRAND
She said her 10-year-old twins also know about her marijuana use.
“My children have a very clear understanding of cannabis,” she told Yahoo. “When I hold it without shame or confusion, then they can understand it as simple as if I was pointing to a bottle of Percocet and said, ‘That's Mama's medicine.' You take the naughtiness out of it, and it's not something that kids run to.”
Etheridge said she also lights up with wife Linda Wallem.
“Cannabis is the best marital aid,” she said. “When it's date night … It takes down your inhibition; your sexual desires are enhanced. We take a bath every night and smoke and talk and wind down and sleep a very, very good night sleep — and sleep is extremely important.”
Rep. Tom Garrett, R-Va., said Sunday he regretted a March meeting with Jason Kessler, organizer of the white nationalist rally that sparked deadly violence in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday.
In an interview with Fox News, Garrett condemned Kessler and called the meeting "an occupational hazard." The white nationalists and white supremacists who rallied in his home district are "bigots" who wanted to "incite hatred," Garrett said.
The Virginia lawmaker met with Kessler and several others this past March at his Washington, D.C. office and posed for a picture with the group, which was posted on Facebook in the group "Unity and Security for America."
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which has compiled a file on Kessler, notes that while the Charlottesville resident is "a relative newcomer to the white nationalist scene," he has "made waves" in his hometown when he waged an online campaign against Charlottesville's black city councilman. Additionally, the SPLC has called "Unity and Security for America," which Kessler founded, is "a nativist, white nationalist group."
Garrett told Fox News that he did not know who Kessler was at the time of their meeting.
"That's what we do, we meet with people all the time," Garrett said. "I didn't know who that cat was at that point in time. I know who he is now and I don't like him any more than anybody else does."
He said Kessler and some associates drove to his D.C. office and requested a meeting. He did not describe what they discussed or how long the meeting lasted.
His office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Charlottesville Violence: Investigation Begins as Victim Revealed 3:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According the caption on the Facebook photo, the group discussed the RAISE Act, legislation recently touted by President Donald Trump that would dramatically reduce the number of legal immigrants allowed into the United States.
Asked in Sunday's interview if he regretted the meeting, Garrett said: "Yeah, sure. But what do you do? My time machine is broken. So, I can't go back and undo it."
"What I want to do is condemn in the strongest possible terms anyone who believes that they might be better than someone else by virtue of a character trait that they had no voice in determining," he added.
Garrett is not the only Virginia politician to meet with Kessler.
Corey Stewart, a GOP candidate for Senate in Virginia who has championed Confederate symbols, joined Kessler at a press conference in February to protest the removal of the statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a city park and call for the ouster of an African American city official, according to The Richmond-Times Dispatch.
The presser was organized by Kessler's Unity and Security for America group. Both men have made appearances with white nationalist hate groups during campaign stops, according to the SPLC.
Stewart, who is challenging Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
ATLANTA — Thousands remain without electricity across the Deep South days after a winter snow storm snapped power lines across the region.
At least 24,900 homes and businesses in Georgia were still in the dark Monday according to Georgia Power and Georgia Electric Membership corporation. Metro Atlanta got several inches of snow Friday and Saturday, while some areas farther north saw up to a foot of snowfall.
Utilities in Mississippi reported at least 2,000 customers were still waiting for power to be restored. Alabama and Louisiana still had roughly 500 outages apiece Monday.
Several school systems closed Monday in Georgia because of a lingering threat of icy road conditions.
The unusually heavy December snow storm brought flurries to New Orleans and dumped several inches in Mississippi and Alabama.
FILE - In this June 8, 2017 file photo, former FBI director James Comey speaks during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on Capitol Hill, in Washington. Comey defended the agency Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, on Twitter, writing, "All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. " President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans have been attacking the FBI for its investigation of potential ties between Russia and Trump's 2016 campaign. Andrew Harnik, File AP Photo
Footballers who repeatedly head the ball can end up suffering from dementia, new findings have suggested, prompting calls for more research into a long-suspected issue in the sport.
A potential cause of dementia thought to arise from blows to the head has, for the first time, been confirmed in a group of retired footballers following a small study.
The results provide a platform for a "pressing research question" on whether dementia is more common in footballers than the general population, the authors said.
Dawn Astle, daughter of former England and West Brom striker Jeff Astle, who died of a degenerative brain disease in 2002 aged 59, said such findings are no surprise.
She expressed her frustration that there has not been more research done on the matter in the years since her father's death, and criticised a perceived lack of action by footballing authorities as "indefensible and disgraceful".
She said: "The evidence is mounting. It is sad to read - I am not surprised, it doesn't shock me at all."
"It's too late for dad. The research is so important for current players and for future players. That's why we need it. I think that's what is so very frustrating - the fact that it's nearly 15 years since my dad died. And the fact that nothing from any footballing authorities has been done.
"It is really indefensible and disgraceful. It really is. This isn't arthritis or a bruised leg or a broken leg. People are dying. This is killing people."
The brains of six of the 14 retired players involved in the research - none of whom have been identified - underwent post-mortem examinations and four were found to have chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) pathology, while all six had signs of Alzheimer's disease.
CTE can cause dementia and, like Alzheimer's, is characterised by a build-up of abnormal tau protein in the brain.
The rate of CTE detected in the footballers' brains was greater than the 12 per cent average found in a previous study which looked at 268 brains from the general population.
"The average footballer heads the ball thousands of times throughout their career, but this seldom causes noticeable neurological symptoms"
The results show more research is urgently needed in the area, Professor Huw Morris of UCL Institute of Neurology said, but he cautioned the risk for people who enjoy playing football in their spare time is likely to be low.
He said: "We do not yet know exactly what causes CTE in footballers or how significant the risk is.
"Major head injuries in football are more commonly caused by player collisions rather than heading the ball.
"The average footballer heads the ball thousands of times throughout their career, but this seldom causes noticeable neurological symptoms."
He added: "Of course, any kind of physical activity will be associated with health risks and benefits and it is well-established that playing sports can significantly improve physical and mental health."
Of the risk to people who may step out for a kickabout in the near future, he said: "I think the risk is extremely low of playing recreational football."
The ex-players involved in the study, 12 of whom eventually died of advanced dementia, all began playing football and heading the ball when they were children or teenagers and continued for an average of 26 years.
They were all referred to the Old Age Psychiatry Service in Swansea, Wales between 1980 and 2010.
"The results suggest that heading the ball over many years, a form of repetitive sub-concussive head injury, can result in the development of CTE and dementia."
Consultant psychiatrist Dr Don Williams, who ran the study from the Swansea service, said he was motivated to do so after being approached by a man whose footballer father had been diagnosed with dementia, and who wanted to know if headers could be the cause.
He said: "As a result, I looked out for men with dementia and a significant history of playing soccer, followed them up and where possible arranged for post-mortem studies to be carried out.
"The results suggest that heading the ball over many years, a form of repetitive sub-concussive head injury, can result in the development of CTE and dementia.
"Thus the original suggestion has been shown to be of merit and worthy of further investigation."
The scientists acknowledged the size of the study was small, and appealed to people to remain open-minded when it comes to presenting themselves for research.
Prof Morris said: "I think people being involved in research is a good thing and would encourage people to consider that."
Dr Helen Ling, lead author of the UCL Queen Square Brain Bank study, said the research, published in the journal Acta Neuropathologica and funded by The Drake Foundation, is important but added more is needed for definitive results.
"Previous studies have shown that the risk of Alzheimer's disease is increased in people with previous head injuries.
"On the other hand, the risk of dementia is also increased with age and we don't know if these footballers had developed Alzheimer's disease anyway if they hadn't played football.
"The most pressing research question is therefore to find out if dementia is more common in footballers than in the normal population."
The Football Association's head of medicine, Dr Charlotte Cowie, said: "We welcome this research and the new study is the result of a very dedicated group of researchers working hard to develop further understanding in this area.
"The Football Association takes the concerns around concussion and head injuries extremely seriously.
"In 2015 we established an expert concussion panel which led to the publication of the FA concussion guidelines.
"These guidelines were designed to help recognise and manage concussion - from the time of injury through to a player's safe return to football.
"The expert panel further agreed that research is particularly required into the issue of whether degenerative brain disease is more common in ex-footballers.
"The FA is determined to support this research and is also committed to ensuring that any research process is independent, robust and thorough, so that when the results emerge, everyone in the game can be confident in its findings.
"To this end, we have recently agreed with the PFA (Professional Footballers' Association) to jointly fund the research project as we believe that a collaborative approach will strengthen the credibility and resource available to the project."
First Read is your briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rex Tillerson: I 'never considered leaving' State Department 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Many of the recent controversies that have surrounded the Trump administration have been stories that have lasted only a few days. Think of Trump criticizing NFL players who take a knee, or San Juan's mayor or Steph Curry.
But Wednesday revealed two stories that create longer-term problems for the Trump White House. The first is the overall chaos and dysfunction inside the administration — underscored by the NBC News scoop on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson calling the president a “moron.” (The State Department denied that Tillerson ever said that, but Tillerson himself didn't deny it, and NBC News stands by its story.)
The longer-term problem isn't the name-calling; it's that there is so much dysfunction within the administration. If you don't take our word for it, here's Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., from yesterday: “I think Secretary Tillerson, Secretary Mattis and Chief of Staff Kelly are those people that help separate our country from chaos.”
Or here's the Washington Post: "[A]s Tillerson has traveled the globe, Trump believes his top diplomat often seems more concerned with what the world thinks of the United States than with tending to the president's personal image."
It's also the fact that the Trump administration — more than eight months in — is (mostly) running on empty. Only 160 members of the Trump administration have won Senate confirmation, according to the Partnership for Public Service. That's less than half of what the Obama (337) and Bush (358) administrations had at this same point in time.
The second long-term problem that Wednesday revealed was the Senate Intelligence Committee saying that Trump-Russia collusion from the 2016 campaign is still an open question.
NBC's Ken Dilanian: “After interviewing more than 100 witnesses and reviewing a thousand times as many pages of documents, the Senate Intelligence Committee has not ruled out that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to interfere in the 2016 election and has a lot more probing to do, committee leaders said Wednesday. ‘The issue of collusion is still open,' the committee's Republican chairman, Richard Burr of North Carolina, told a room full of reporters in the Capitol.”
More: “In a noteworthy aside, Burr also suggested that Senate investigators had corroborated some parts of a dossier written by a former British intelligence agent that makes damaging allegations against President Donald Trump and his campaign. Burr did not say which aspects of the dossier the committee may have verified or how much.”
This morning, President Trump tweeted, “Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!”
But that the Republican chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Richard Burr, still believes that collusion is a legitimate topic for his committee to pursue — and we're not even talking about Special Counsel Robert Mueller — is a significant story.
In this Trump Era, it's easy to lose sight of the news that will continue to play out months (if not years) from now. But these stories — chaos and Russia — aren't going away.
DCCC up with its first advertising campaign of the 2018 cycle
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is up with their first TV and radio campaign of the 2018 cycle. It's a six-figure buy — so not big — and the ads hit Republicans on health care.
This is the TV ad that will air on cable for about a week.
And these are the radio spots the DCCC is running in these 11 congressional districts:
French Hill (AR-2)
Martha McSally (AZ-2)
Jeff Denham (CA-10)
David Valadao (CA-21)
Brian Mast (FL-18)
Mike Bost (IL-12)
Kevin Yoder (KS-3)
Andy Barr (KY-6)
Bruce Poliquin (ME-2)
Don Bacon (NE-2)
Will Hurd (TX-23)
Americans for Prosperity calls on three Democratic senators to back Republicans on tax reform
Meanwhile, the Koch Brothers-backed Americans for Prosperity is up with a $4.5 million advertising campaign that calls on three Democratic senators — Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis., and Joe Donnelly, D-Ind. — to support the GOP effort on tax reform. Here's one of the ads aimed at Baldwin.
Mr. Moore comes to Washington
Roy Moore, the Republican nominee in the Alabama Senate race who beat out Trump's pick Sen Luther Strange, met with the National Republican Senatorial Committee Wednesday evening to discuss the December 12 race, a Republican familiar with the meeting tells NBC's Frank Thorp and Leigh Ann Caldwell.
Moore's visit to DC was notable because of the people he met with — and those he didn't meet. Moore had meetings with some of the Alabama House delegation, but did not have plans to meet with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. Asked earlier today if Moore planned to meet with Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., during his visit to DC, Shelby's spokeswoman told NBC, “Roy Moore has not yet reached out with a time for the two of them to meet; however, Senator Shelby is happy to meet with the Republican nominee.”
WaPo poll shows Northam up 13 points in Virginia (but observers don't believe his lead is that high)
Lastly, a Washington Post-Schar School poll shows Democrat Ralph Northam with a 13-point lead over Republican Ed Gillespie in Virginia's gubernatorial race, 53 percent to 40 percent.
That 13-point margin is MUCH higher than we've seen in other polls, and strategists on both sides believe the race is MUCH closer than that. Still, we haven't seen a poll showing Gillespie ahead.
Youssouf Mulumbu's second-half goal gave Kilmarnock a dramatic 1-0 Ladbrokes Premiership win over Celtic at Rugby Park with the visitors counting more than the cost of three lost points.
First-half injuries to central defenders Dedryck Boyata and Kristoffer Ajer disrupted the Hoops, who were stifled on the artificial surface by the hard-working home side.
Kilmarnock were rewarded in the 70th minute when Mulumbu volleyed in a Jordan Jones cross to give Killie their first home win over the champions since 2010.
And while Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers will hurt from an unexpected defeat - only his second against Scottish opposition - with the first leg of the Europa League tie against Russian side Zenit St Petersburg at Parkhead less than two weeks away he will be concerned about a growing injury list.
Minutes before the transfer window closed on Wednesday night the Northern Irishman had signed 22-year-old centre-back Jack Hendry and he made his Hoops debut as part of a back three, while attacker Charly Musonda - on loan from Chelsea - started for the first time.
There were only 10 minutes gone when Rodgers had to reshuffle his defence for the first time.
Boyata limped off
Belgian defender Boyata went to ground after blocking a cross from Eamonn Brophy, back in the side along with veteran centre-back Gordon Greer, and limped off in some frustration to be replaced by Nir Bitton.
Celtic's impressive early start gave way to some struggle as the well-organised Ayrshire side closed out all avenues and when Ajer was unable to recover from a leg injury he was replaced in the 35th minute by winger Scott Sinclair, with left-back Kieran Tierney moving into central defence.
Some much-needed goalmouth action then ensued. Celtic midfielder Olivier Ntcham fired a 25-yard free-kick on to the roof of the Killie goal before Greg Taylor drove wide at the other end after Hoops keeper Dorus de Vries had spilled a Jones effort.
The Dutchman then saved an angled drive by Rugby Park skipper Kris Boyd.
Sinclair came off the bench for Celtic
Kilmarnock keeper Jamie MacDonald pulled a Sinclair shot out of the air in the 54th minute as Celtic upped the tempo after the interval.
The complexion of the game changed however, with 20 minutes remaining when the unmarked Mulumbu was picked out by Jones and from eight yards out guided the ball past De Vries for his first Killie goal since arriving in November.
The 31-year-old former Norwich City and West Brom player removed his shirt amid ecstatic celebrations for which he was booked by referee Kevin Clancy.
Rodgers threw on Odsonne Edouard for Eboue Kouassi and Celtic stormed forward in search of the leveller but Killie should have increased their lead.
Jones blasted over De Vries' bar in a breakaway before Mulumbu had a drive blocked by the Parkhead keeper, who then saved another effort from Jones.
MacDonald saved a late free-kick from Ntcham and the determined home side held out the three added minutes.
Online retail giant Amazon is offering a discount on its Prime membership for people who receive government assistance.
Amazon says customers who get benefits such as through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or food stamps, can pay $5.99 per month for membership, which would include free shipping and unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows with Prime Video.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Amazon Opens First New York Brick and Mortar Book Store 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The regular annual membership is $99 per year. But those who cannot afford to pay up front have to pay $10.99 a month for the same benefits.
Amazon's Prime program, with the perks it brings, has created strong habits among shoppers as competition is keen. Amazon says it wants to make the program more accessible.
Walmart, which has the second-biggest share of online sales, has been trying to close the gap with Amazon.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway.
Four people were injured, including the suspect, 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, according to the New York Fire Department. All injuries are non-life-threatening.
Four people were injured, including the suspect, 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, according to the New York Fire Department. All injuries are non-life-threatening.
By COLLEEN LONG
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a crude pipe bomb strapped to his body Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and sending New York commuters fleeing in terror through the smoky passageway.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passage when the bomb went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering to get away. Investigators said it was not clear if he set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. "Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals."
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to his hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but apparently did not have any direct contact with the group and probably acted alone. Gov. Andrew Cuomo later told the NY1 cable channel that the suspect went online to learn how to make a bomb.
"We have no evidence at this time that there were any secondary devices or it was part of a larger plan," Cuomo said.
It was the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades. The last bomb to go off in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan.
Ullah, who lives in Brooklyn, came to the U.S. from Bangladesh almost seven years ago and had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, according to law enforcement officials and NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission. He was speaking with investigators from his hospital bed, they said. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah arrived in the U.S. in 2011 on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said.
Investigators were searching Ullah's apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show his movements in the moments before the attack. They were also reviewing his subway fare card.
Ullah lived with his father, mother and brother in a residential area of Brooklyn with a large Bangladeshi community, neighbors said. The home was just off a shopping strip - a red two-story brick building.
Alan Butrico owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
"It's very weird," he said. "You never know who your neighbors are."
The Bangladesh Embassy in Washington condemned the attack. The deputy chief of mission, Mahbub Hassan Saleh, said the embassy had not received any information from authorities about the suspect.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
It's the city's busiest subway station and a major transit hub, with 64 million subway riders passing through every year. In 2016, daily ridership on the subway was 5.7 million, a record high.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the "Crossroads of the World." But streets quickly began returning to normal, and traffic around the area was expected to be operational by the evening rush.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from his jacket to his pants and the device strapped to his torso under his coat. They said he was reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed his hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with his shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering his bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind his back. Another photo shown on NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said she works in the Port Authority terminal near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," she said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, who is from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. He did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," he said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said he watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
"Let's go back to work," he said. ""We're not going to allow them to disrupt us."
___
Associated Press writers Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong, Larry Neumeister and David James Jeans in New York, Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles, Matt Pennington in Washington, D.C., and AP researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Colleen Long on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/ctlong1 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
VANCOUVER — A sometimes bruising leadership campaign ends today in Vancouver for British Columbia's Liberals as they elect a new leader who will be tasked with returning the party to power after a 16 year term in office that ended last summer.
An estimated 60,000 party members were eligible to vote online and by phone to replace Christy Clark, who resigned after the New Democrats formed a minority government with the support of the Green party following a non-confidence vote that brought down the Liberals.
The field of six candidates includes three veterans with deep cabinet experience, two former big city mayors and a first-time member of the legislature from Metro Vancouver.
Mike de Jong, Andrew Wilkinson and Todd Stone were longtime members of Clark's cabinet.
Sam Sullivan, a former Vancouver mayor, was appointed to cabinet in the dying days of Clark's government last summer.
The field also includes Michael Lee, a Vancouver lawyer who was elected to the legislature last spring, and Dianne Watts, a former Conservative MP and one-time mayor of Surrey.
The B.C. Liberal Party is not affiliated with the federal Liberals. It describes itself as “a made-in-B.C. free enterprise coalition” that includes members of the federal Conservative and Liberal parties.
Getting the party back to power after a lacklustre election campaign last May has been a focus of the leadership campaign.
There has been finger-pointing in debates over who was to blame for the Liberal downfall, despite B.C. boasting the strongest economy in Canada.
Some candidates criticized the party's old guard for failing to address transportation, housing and social policy issues that led to losses in seat-rich Metro Vancouver, once a Liberal stronghold.
De Jong, the former finance minister, set himself apart from the field, defending the Liberal record as he took heat for his tight-fisted control of the province's purse strings that meant programs aimed at easing financial pressures for people never made it off the drawing board.
Stone, his former cabinet colleague, acknowledged the Liberals were strong economic managers as he argued the party could have done a better job of sharing the wealth, including raising welfare rates.
BOSTON (AP) Boston's top cop has completed his first marathon since the 2013 bombings.
Police Commissioner William Evans returned to the storied marathon for the first time as a runner Monday. He crossed the finish line with a time of about 3 hours and 50 minutes.
It was Evan's 19th time completing the race and his 52nd overall marathon.
Evans has been the city's police commissioner since 2014.
He had just completed the Boston Marathon in 2013 when two pressure cooker bombs detonated near the finish line, killing three people and injuring hundreds more. Evans played critical roles in the initial response, investigation and ensuing manhunt for the bombers.
Evan said Monday he was running in part to show people the race was ”back to normal.”
A serious crash in Fulton County leaves one dead Wednesday morning.
The crash occurred on State Route 109 at County Road D in York Township around 7:30 a.m.
Police say 31-year-old Jamie Cook of Bloomdale was driving eastbound on County Road D and 57-year-old Carol Barringer of Delta was traveling northbound on State Route 109.
Police say Cook failed to yield the right of way and hit Barringer, causing both vehicle's to go off the road.
Barringer's vehicle struck a fire hydrant before coming to a stop on it's side.
Both drivers were taken to Fulton County Health Center for treatment.
Barringer was pronounced dead at the hospital about an hour after the crash.
Cook was treated for non-life threatening injuries.
Both drivers were wearing their seatbelts.
No charges have yet been filed.
The crash remains under investigation.
Alcohol is not believed to be a factor in the crash.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Shohei Ohtani's arrival in Major League Baseball this winter was met with so much hype, anticipation and historic recalibration – he is seeking to become the first full-time, two-way player since Babe Ruth 100 years ago — that we may have forgotten, if only briefly, the difficulties facing him in that pursuit.
There is a reason no one, not even great two-way prospects such as Dave Winfield and Josh Hamilton, had seriously attempted, let alone pulled off, this double play: Baseball is too specialized, with hitters and pitchers on separate, detailed, daily programs, to allow for someone to do both.
But Ohtani has other factors working against him, namely his move from Japan's Pacific League to MLB, with its jump in talent-level and international scrutiny. He is also just 23 years old and at this point technically still a prospect, as underscored by his No. 1 ranking in MLB Pipeline's top-prospects list.
Perhaps, then, Ohtani's struggles this spring for the Los Angeles Angels should not be a major surprise. With Opening Day just 10 days away, Ohtani's spring ERA sits at 16.21 (including one outing in a “B” game against a Mexican League team), with four homers allowed in 8 1/3 innings. (He does, however, have 19 strikeouts, and his fastball has been clocked as high as 98 mph, additional confirmation that his raw stuff will certainly play in this league.)
At the plate, he has been just as ineffective — or worse — going 2 for 24 (.083) and occasionally appearing overmatched by big league pitching. Most MLB talent evaluators were in agreement from the start that he was further along as a pitcher than as a hitter when he signed with the Angels in December.
Ohtani's two-way struggles have led to speculation the Angels could decide to send him to the minor leagues to start the season. Such a move would have the added benefit of delaying his major league service-time clock, possibly giving the Angels an extra year of control over him before free agency.
The Angels, however, have played down the possibility of a late-spring demotion, with General Manager Billy Eppler expressing continued optimism in Ohtani's two-way skills: “The track record [in Japan] gives us the confidence to move forward with him as a two-way player,” he told reporters this weekend.
“We're not going to get into roster decisions,” Manager Mike Scioscia told reporters. “I can only say that Shohei's talent is real. Obviously we believe in it. We anticipate him being ready to both pitch and hit when the season starts and we're going to work hard to reach that goal from now until we start the season.
Scioscia insisted all the signs are present — namely, health and ability — that would indicate everything is fine with their young superstar, even if the stats would indicate otherwise.
“We're looking at the process. We're looking at, on the pitching side, his pitch execution. If that's a little bit off, is it a mechanical issue? Is it just a release-point issue? Spin rates, things like that — we know what Shohei is capable of. That's how we're measuring him. … We're not measuring him on ERA.”
The Angels open their season on March 29 at Oakland Alameda Coliseum against the A's. The possibility of Ohtani lining up as designated hitter on Opening Day, then striding to the mound two days later to start the season's third game, remains a fascinating and historic story line that could dominate the season's first week, if not beyond. A small sample-size of struggling in his first four weeks in a new country, against new competition, doesn't mean he can't excel here.
But if this spring has shown us anything, it is that we can't assume immediate and sustained success for this unique and revolutionary player. When Ohtani struggles, he may look twice as bad as anyone else.
People walk past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Asian shares slumped Tuesday as pessimism followed an overnight drop in New York amid a rout in technology companies. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck? Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:33 First Baby of 2017
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
But South Dakota concluded in 2016 that the explosion in online sales changed the market drastically. So it passed a law requiring all but the smallest retailers, including internet companies, to collect taxes on the sales they make in the state, even if they had no physical presence there.
Lower courts blocked the law, relying on the Supreme Court precedents, and the justices hear the state's appeal on Tuesday. A total of 35 other states have weighed in on South Dakota's side.
Online companies "are far more present in the South Dakota economy than most of the state's physically present retail businesses," says Eric Citron, a Washington lawyer representing the state. "The internet now makes it possible for out-of-state sellers to reach consumers with engaging, interactive virtual storefronts in our homes or on our smartphones at any hour of the day."
As for the burden of dealing with thousands of tax rates across the country, the state says software programs now make it possible for a retailer to instantly compute the correct sales tax simply by entering a buyer's ZIP code.
Times have changed, Citron says, and the court's earlier reasoning no longer applies. "Amazon.com did not begin selling books out of Jeff Bezos's garage until July 1995, and Bezos himself described Amazon as a pipsqueak in comparison to Barnes & Noble."
But the internet companies that sued to block the law — Wayfair, Overstock and Newegg — say in their Supreme Court filings that state sales tax systems "remain inordinately complex and burdensome during the internet era, just as they were before it began."
The number of local tax jurisdictions has doubled to 12,000, the companies say, and local laws vary widely on what goods are subject to sales taxes. During back-to-school tax holidays, for example, some states exempt clothing, but others don't. Some include shoes, and the definition of what qualifies as school supplies varies widely.
Forcing internet retailers to pay sales taxes everywhere would stifle competition and make it much harder for start-ups to get into the market, the companies say. In a friend-of-court brief, eBay says taxing internet sales would place "crushing burdens on small online businesses, causing many to curtail operations and damaging the national economy."
And besides, the companies argue, while e-commerce is growing rapidly, it still accounts for only about 9 percent of all retail sales — a smaller share than catalog companies had when the Supreme Court exempted them from paying sales taxes in states where they had no physical presence.
The companies also note that the largest internet retailer, Amazon.com, now pays sales taxes in all the 45 states that collect them. That leaves out only Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New Hampshire and Oregon. Some local communities have sales taxes in Alaska and Montana, but they are not levied statewide.
South Dakota estimates that the states could pick up a combined $34 billion a year if the court allows them to tax internet sales. But the General Accounting Office estimates that the number would be at most about $13 billion.
The Supreme Court has never held that a sales or use tax can be imposed on a retailer who sells to a customer who lives in a state where the company has no physical presence. The justices will issue their decision in this case by late June.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
AOL Instant Messenger, the trailblazing chat program beloved by 90s kids and people relieved they would no longer have to get up and talk to their co-workers in person, is officially heading into retirement, the company announced Friday.
The famous yellow running man logo is saying "TTYL" and sprinting to the technology retirement community effective December 15, where it will join the likes of fellow 1990s favorites GeoCities and Ask Jeeves.
An AOL Inc. Instant Messenger inflatable logo sits in the company's headquarters in New York in 2011. Bloomberg via Getty Images
Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath, the newly formed brand encompassing Yahoo, AOL, and a portfolio of other Verizon-owned companies, praised AIM for creating a "cultural shift" but said in 2017, "the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed."
"We are more excited than ever to continue building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products for users around the world," Albers said Friday.
Related: Yahoo, AOL Joining Forces Under a New Company Called Oath
AIM was first introduced to the world in 1997 as a stand-alone download, and it quickly became a massive success, helping many 90s kids navigate the world of middle school and high school.
In many ways, it was a precursor to the social media world we know today. AIM could be used to catch up with friends, arrange group chats, and those all-important status messages served as a window into what a person was thinking, much like a tweet or a Facebook status update.
However, adoption changed as text messaging took over and newer, more mobile-friendly products came onto the market, including Google's GChat and Facebook's Messenger.
While chances are you haven't used AIM in a decade, spare a thought on this Friday for your first screen name, buddy list, and these all-too-familiar sounds.
What can you say when a driver plows through innocent pedestrians on a sidewalk killing at least 10 and wounding many others? You express condolences, reflect on the fragility of life, ask whether it was terrorism, discuss mental illness, and urge everyone to stay strong. And people have. But no one has mentioned van control.
I haven't even seen anyone refer to the make of van. It would be weirdly irrelevant, possibly even prejudicial to the manufacturer since it clearly had nothing to do with the incident. Nor has anyone hailed the police officer's gun. They have hailed the officer. And rightly so.
I don't just mean “rightly so” in that his courage and coolness captured the driver without further death or injury. I mean rightly so in that it was the officer's decisions, backed by his character, that were decisive and praiseworthy.
As for the driver, it does not appear the motive was terrorism. In Tuesday's Post Terry Glavin noted that we should not draw too sharp a line between terrorism and madness; as I have written before, to ask whether someone is a real jihadi or a lunatic is to imply that there might be entirely sensible motives for slaughtering civilians. And the same applies to other kinds of atrocious violence including sexual and random.
In the Toronto van homicide we are clearly in the presence of disastrous madness. Whatever the driver's motive for deliberately killing all those people it cannot have been one that makes sense. So one possible lesson is the need to be more alert and more responsive to mental illness. Unfortunately another is that certain kinds of derangement only become evident when it is too late.
Certain kinds of derangement only become evident when it is too late
A third is that mental illness is a complex problem. Some conditions are organic; the mind malfunctions because body and brain chemistry are out of whack. And someone suffering such a condition cannot be held responsible for what they do when not medicated. But if diagnosed and given appropriate treatment, they must be regarded as responsible for continuing to take their medication.
Other forms of madness are fundamentally a matter of moral rather than psychological derangement. If someone attacks a fellow bus passenger genuinely believing them to be a hostile extraterrestrial they are not guilty by reason of insanity though they may certainly be confined indefinitely due to their condition. But while deliberately running down pedestrians is also “insane” in common parlance, we may very well declare the person involved responsible for not resisting the inner voices, seeking treatment, finding some way not to act on them.
The Toronto driver has been charged with murder. And if he pleads not guilty by reason of mental disorder the court will weigh the matter; it is not established prima facie by what he allegedly did.
None of us is perfect. We are all in the apparently paradoxical position of monitoring and seeking to control our flawed brains using the same flawed brains that are the initial cause for concern. And despite the apparent paradox we must all do so.
Consider alcoholism. Its complex origins are partly environmental and partly physiological. But the solution is moral: Those suffering it must not drink. Some may say the fact that one alcoholic stays on the wagon and another falls off proves it's not a question of will because both wanted to be sober. But to take that view is to drift into determinism, a God-free materialist Calvinism that says we are just lumps of meat whose pointless preprogrammed stimulus-response reactions are the inexorable mathematical working out of our brain chemistry and behind it our DNA and ultimately the original configuration of the Big Bang.
If so villains can't help misbehaving, heroes can't help being brave and none of us, as C.S. Lewis put it, are really here. But we know that view is deeply wrong, intellectually and morally. It's why we executed captured Nazi leaders.
For the same reason we do not react to a grisly vehicular homicide by calling for van control. I heard a TV pundit on Monday morning declare, of the Waffle House shooting by a half-naked lunatic tackled by a heroic bystander, that the real criminal was the AR-15. He didn't say the real hero was a fist, but it follows logically from his position.
So does the notion that the real killer in Toronto was the smashed-up rental van behind police tape. And by that logic, we would be asking why vans are so readily available, why there aren't background checks and why anyone needs a van anyway.
We aren't, of course. Because we understand that the cause of this tragedy lies in the human heart and that almost all of us, even those who commit dreadful acts, are moral agents accountable for the use we make of mere things.
SUGAR LAND, Texas - A partial power outage was reported at First Colony Mall in Sugar Land on Tuesday.
VIDEO: First Colony Mall power outage
Mall officials said the outage affected parts of the mall.
It is unknown what caused the outage.
It is not known when the power will be restored.
At least one couple was turned away from entering Dick's Sporting Goods while Sky2 was over the mall.
CenterPoint Energy said it is looking into the issue. According to an outage map on the company's website, there were more than 1,000 outages reported.
The outage also affected a nearby hospital.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Red Hot: Volkswagen's fun and feisty Golf GTI
The original hot hatchback just keeps getting better.
Imagine, for a sweet second, you could ride up front on Space Mountain, grab some imaginary wheel and steer through all those twists and turns.
That's kinda what it feels like to pilot VW's latest Golf GTI through a snaky stretch of backroad.
The squirrel-like way it changes direction, the laser-precision of its helm, the light-switch action of its gear shift, the sheer ooomph from its turbo motor; all just sensational.
After a quite-staggering 42 years in production, the GTI is still the ultimate hot hatch, still the absolute benchmark for bang-for-the-buck joy behind the wheel. Trust me, this car is so much fun it should be available on Medicaid for mood enhancement therapy.
Did I mention you can drive away in a 2018 GTI for $27,265 including destination?
And the folks at Volkswagen just keep nibbling away at making the GTI even better. For 2018 every GTI gets an extra 10 ponies, taking the coral up to a feisty 220-hp. Every GTI gets new bright-white LED headlights and a bigger infotainment screen. There's also more safety tech, like standard pedestrian detection.
Step up from the nicely-equipped entry model to the $31,320 SE or top-of-the-line $37-grand Autobahn, and you get beefier brakes (from the Golf R) and a limited-slip front differential. The leather-laden Autobahn we're testing even has fancy adaptive dampers as standard.
And for 2018, every GTI model comes standard with VW's best-in-class six-year or 72,000-mile powertrain warranty, that's fully transferable to a subsequent owner. That's great peace of mind.
If there's even more tasty icing on the GTI's cake, it's the car's sheer practicality and versatility. This is a proper four-door, four-seater with a yawning tailgate-hatchback. Fold down the rear seats and there's more space inside than one of those PODS storage units. Heck, there are New York apartments with less interior space.
What I love about the GTI is that it doesn't look like some crazy Hot Wheels toy with towering wings, ground-scraping spoilers and blistered arches covering over-sized alloys. Yes, we're talking about you, Honda Type R.
By comparison, the GTI is all restrained Euro-cool with just the right level of performance appendature. Up front, there's a purposeful front spoiler with air blades at the lower corners, discreet side skirts and body-colored spoiler over the rear window.
Spy one on the street and it would hardly command a second glance. Which, as a bonus, also applies of highway patrol officers.
Slide into that hip-hugging driver's seat and you instantly feel at home. All those years of development have created a cabin that is high in quality and design, and a masterpiece of functionality.
There's nothing gimmicky here; the instruments are a model of clarity, the switches set the benchmark in ease of use, and that chunky, leather-wrapped wheel is simply divine to hold.
Hit the start button and two liters of turbo direct injection four-cylinder burst into life. With 220 horsepower it's not the power leader in the class; the crazy-fast Civic Type R packs a 306-hp punch, while the Ford Focus ST boasts 252-hp.
But it's the smooth, energetic, caffeinated way it delivers its horseys that impresses so much. The amount of power feels just right, delivering 0-to-60mph sprints in a hair under six seconds without making the front wheels feels over-powered.
Yet what is the most fun about the way the GTI drives is its sheer tractability. Squeeze the throttle from walking speeds in second gear, and the car just surges forward courtesy of the motor's 258 lb-ft of torque available from a low, low 1,500 rpm.
Our Autobahn test car came with VW's remarkable six-speed dual-clutch automatic with paddle shifters, and it is still one of the finest transmissions out there. It's intuitive, rapid-fire in its shifts, and as smooth and immediate as flicking on a light switch.
Where the GTI is still guaranteed to put a Julia Roberts-like grin on your face is with the way it handles. This is fun with a capital ‘F'. Even the base car carves curves like it's running on invisible rails, but with the Autobahn's standard adaptive dampers, you pick your own setting, from Comfort, Normal, Sport, or Individual. It's like driving a 3,200-pound four-door go kart.
For me there's no finer, fun-driving, daily driver to make any and every trip a grin-inducing blast. I love this car, and for the price – even the $27-grand base car – there's nothing that compares. Yes, it's just that good.
Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, was the subject of a secret surveillance warrant. A controversial Republican memo made public Friday attacks the FBI's basis for seeking permission to eavesdrop on Page. J. Scott Applewhite AP
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – In today's world, we're turning to social media more often as a way of disseminating information to a large number of people in a short amount of time.
For example, police departments use Facebook, Twitter and other platforms to help solve crimes.
“Now so many of our kids and our public, in general, are tapped into social media,” said Canfield Police Detective Josh Wells.
But what happens when the wrong information is passed along, such as Sunday's murder posted to Facebook in Cleveland?
Investigators said Steve Stephens uploaded a video to Facebook showing himself shooting a Cleveland retiree who was collecting cans in the area. The victim died as a result of the shooting, and Stephens remained at large on Monday afternoon.
News media and blog sites incorrectly posted the crime had been committed live and then gave the wrong description of the suspect's vehicle. Overnight, there were multiple postings about online savings accounts set up for the victim's family — none of which were accurate.
Monday morning, Cleveland's mayor said the false stories were creating confusion.
“What we want to encourage people to do is not make things up as they go along,” Mayor Frank Jackson said.
Local authorities said misinformation tends to be spread in such situations.
“Many times, it can blow many situations out of proportion. Many times, the news is not accurate that's coming from social media, so you really have to look at everything with a filter, so to speak,” said Mahoning County Sheriff Jerry Greene.
Police say viewers need to exercise their own judgment in separating reports that are accurate from one's that aren't.
“You know, if that information is inaccurate or just plain wrong, that's a lot of information being sent out to a lot of different people all at once, and we have no way of monitoring all that activity while we're trying to do our jobs,” Detective Wells said.
While police around the country are looking for Stephens, one local counselor said the trend toward using social media as a way to show off violent behavior may be based on the need in some to upstage others.
“We up the ante, we up all the posts and ‘How can I make myself look better than them?' And I think it just gets more outrageous,” said Jennifer Palumbo, with Churchill Counseling.
Palumbo said while Sunday's post may cause some to rethink what they share online, she wonders if the addictive behavior won't simply feed on itself.
“There's got to be somebody that's saying, ‘Hey, if he did that, what can I do to get that kind of recognition?' ‘Cause what are we doing? We're talking about it, and we're talking about him, and we're talking about what he did,” she said.
Job Duties
· Develop and implement summer Academic Support Workshops, including but not limited to topics in decision making, life skills, time management, and writing seminars to program participants;
· Obtain academic performance reports from professors, students, and Raiderlink;
· Maintain participant files for reporting purposes;
· Inform SSS staff of participant's academic performance and ensure support services are provided;
· Monitor Tutor Program Participants to ensure they are meeting goal objectives and attending required support services workshops;
· Maintain a detailed record of students' progress toward meeting program requirements;
· Manage tutoring library, book use, and keep an updated inventory;
· Assist with programming and study skills workshops to increase student participation in the tutoring program;
· Assist with the planning of the TTU SSS New Student Orientation;
· Schedule and attend recruitment events, fairs, student organization meetings, and prospective student visits to help recruit new program participants; and
· Assist with any other duties as assigned.
Minimum Qualifications
Associate's Degree or minimum of 90-120 college credit hours completed in psychology, sociology, social work, education or other related fields from an accredited college or university. Excellent time and case management skills; Familiarity with academic performance standards and reporting; Ability to effectively maintain a caseload of 50+ Project Participants and provide them with services and activities; Knowledge of basic computer skills including Office software and ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing.
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in psychology, sociology, social work, education or other related fields from an accredited college or university; Experience advising and assisting students with the college admissions and financial aid process; work experience promoting the completion of a rigorous secondary and/or postsecondary program of study; Knowledge of barriers to postsecondary education faced by low- income and potential first-generation college youth.
Salary Range is $16-18/hr. Application instructions can be found at the TTU SSS website: https://www.depts.ttu.edu/triosss/employment/academic_program_specialist.php
PARIS — French police say a young girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
One official gave the girl's age as 8, while another said she was 12 and up to eight people were injured.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
Last month, police in Tallahassee arrested the 18-year-old Baton Rouge, Louisiana rapper YoungBoy Never Broke Again (formerly known as NBA YoungBoy). YoungBoy was a fugitive in Georgia with with outstanding assault, weapons violations, and kidnapping charges. And now a grand jury in Waycross, Georgia has indicted YoungBoy for aggravated assault and kidnapping after an alleged attack on his girlfriend.
TMZ reports that YoungBoy's girlfriend didn't want to press charges but that the grand jury went ahead with the indictment anyway. TMZ has also posted some truly harrowing footage of what appears to be YoungBoy severely beating a young woman in a hotel hallway. You can see that here.
In 2016 and 2017, YoungBoy served eight months in jail for two counts of attempted murder after he took part in a drive-by shooting. After pleading guilty, he was given a suspended sentence of 10 years in prison and three years of probation. He is currently free on a $75,000 bond.
This post originally appeared on Stereogum.
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.
Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager Interviews
The Samsung Galaxy S9 Plus is here. Samsung's newest phablet is big, it's beautiful, and it's one of the most powerful mobile devices on the planet. But it absolutely won't cope well with an encounter with a sidewalk, should you drop your $840 beauty. Some might see it as a sin to obscure the elegant style of a phone like the Galaxy S9 Plus, but we see it as a necessity, vital to making sure that your phone stays unharmed when it comes up against the bumps, drops, and scrapes that are all too common in everyday life.
Because we value your phone's beauty, we've put together a list of the best Galaxy S9 Plus cases that you can currently grab, from clear gel cases that showcase your phone's style, to protective cases that represent the best protection you can get. If you haven't picked up your Galaxy S9 Plus yet, then check out our S9 Plus buying guide, and find out everything you need to know with our S9 Plus news.
KerfCase Wood Case ($69-plus) Wood isn't a material you see often in phone cases, likely because it tends to be bulkier than TPU (thermoplastic polyurethane) or polycarbonate. Still, there's a real charm to a genuine wood case, and KerfCase creates some of the best wood cases you can find. Handmade in Pittsburgh from sustainable wood, KerfCase offers buyers eight different types of wood, with wooden buttons and an inner lining of Ultra Suede to keep your S9 Plus snug and protected. The cases don't interfere with the wireless charging capabilities of the S9 Plus, and if you're looking to make this a gift, you can have a custom message or image engraved on your chosen case. They're certainly expensive — they start from $70 and go all the way up to $260 for the extremely premium Figured Walnut model — but they're utterly gorgeous and perfect for adding a natural feel to your device. Buy one now from: KerfCase
Mujjo Leather Wallet Case ($65) Leather really is a gorgeous and most luxurious material, so why wouldn't you want to wrap your phone in it? This leather case is part of Mujjo's first-ever foray into cases outside of iOS devices and it's a stunner. Mujjo's leather wallet case isn't a wallet case in the traditional sense, forgoing the more usual cover in favor of a stitched wallet pocket attached backpack-style to the rear of the case. It's unlikely to fully replace your wallet, but it has room enough to carry a couple of credit card-sized items. It's also made of the most premium of materials, with full grain leather that ages gracefully and an inner lining of Japanese microfiber that holds your phone safely. It's sleek and understated. Granted, it's expensive — but you don't get quality like this unless you pay for it. Buy one now from: Mujjo
Obliq Slim Meta ($18) Obliq specializesstylish protection and the Slim Meta is a fine example of that design ethos. This case uses a dual-layer construction of TPU for absorbency and hard PC for resistance to ensure that your device has good all-around protection against a variety of threats. This design also helps to keep the case slim and easy to slip into a pocket — something especially important with a phone as large as the S9 Plus. The hard PC shell has been finished with a brushed metallic effect that gives it a visible sheen and provides an exceptional level of style. Lips along the edges of the case keep the camera and screen from touching surfaces, and there's even a place to attach a lanyard. Buy one now from: Obliq Walmart
Ted Baker Hider Inlay Shell ($35) Looking for a top name in style? Look no further than this case from Ted Baker. One of the finest names in luxury style, Ted Baker's commitment to quality is reflected in this case. The case has been precisely molded from polycarbonate, and includes all the protection you'd expect from a shell case. While it won't protect as well as a bigger case, PC provides good protection against minor drops and falls. The back panel includes a uniquely designed cross-hatched surface that looks good while also providing a tactile surface for extra grip. There's a brushed metal plate with the Ted Baker name on the back, just enough to quietly cpnvey the quality of the case, while the subdued color choices mean it's stylish without being overt. Buy one now from: Proporta Mobile Fun
Zizo Bolt Series ($35) The Bolt series from Zizo isn't just a great protective option with a multiple-layer construction and military-grade 810.1-G drop certification. It's also a case that adds a large amount of utility. The back of the case's polycarbonate shell comes with a handy kickstand for easy media viewing, an optional holster clips onto the front of the phone, and there's a free screen protector for all-around protection. It's definitely one of the more unique looking cases on this list, and part of your decision will hinge on whether you like the looks or not. However, if you do take the plunge, it's covered by Zizo's device lifetime guarantee. Buy one now from: Amazon Mobile Fun Zizo
Olixar Super-Thin Gel Case ($10) If you're worried about putting a bulky case between a world of admiring eyeballs and your smartphone's gorgeous design, then you can't really go wrong with a slim gel case. Absorbent TPU material is fantastic for resisting shocks and bumps, while also being thin and adding some much-needed grip to your slippery glass smartphone. Cutouts make it easier for your finger to find the fingerprint sensor when needed, and the thin material is resistant to dirt and grit that would otherwise mar your phone. A great choice if you want protection without compromising on the phone's style. Buy one now from: Amazon Mobile Fun Olixar
Moment Photo Case ($24) The Galaxy S9 Plus is equipped with the first dual-lens camera system on a Galaxy S-range phone, and it would be a shame not to take advantage of that. If you're a smartphone photographer, Moment's Photo case case is designed to make your life easier, with a durable and tough exterior that should help ward off damage and increase grip on your phone. There's also a spot for a lanyard attachment, further decreasing the chance you'll drop your phone. Best of all, you can also attach any one of Moment's premium lenses to the case, giving your phone the ability to take wide-angle, macro, or fish-eye shots. Buy one now from: Moment
Official Samsung Hyperknit Case ($35) Your new phone is from Samsung, so why not get your protection from Samsung too? The case is made from a knitted nylon material that is unlike any case we've seen before. It won't be the most protective case out there, but it has good corner protection and it should stop any scratches or bumps from damaging the exterior of your phone. The case's textured surface also gives your phone extra grip, and the phone itself is thin and lightweight, and matches your phone's style like no other. Buy one now from: Mobile Fun Samsung
Tech21 EvoMax Light Protective Case ($50) Now we're on to the big boys of protective tech — Tech21 has brought a good few of its celebrated protective options to the Galaxy S9 Plus, and we've chosen to spotlight the Evo Max as a great option for you. Like all Tech21 cases, the Evo Max is super-protective, with a unique three-layer construction that uses a material called “FlexShock” to direct shocks away from your phone and into the case, giving the Evo Max drop protection of up to 14 feet. Despite all that protection, it's also super-thin and light, adding barely any bulk onto your phone and ensuring you can still easily slip it into your pocket or into your bag. Buy one now from: Tech21
Incipio Funny Bunny Design Series ($25) We wouldn't usually highlight one of the sillier fashion cases, but this case from Incipio is just too cute to pass up. The “Funny Bunny” is well named, and the style should suit anyone who's looking for a cute way to complement their new phone. It won't be all style with no substance either — since this case carries Incipio's name, it also carries Incipio's fantastic record of smartphone protection. While this ultra-thin TPU case won't offer the sort of protection you'd get from a larger and bulkier case, it will still shield your precious device from minor bumps and scrapes. Buy one now from: Amazon Incipio
Noreve Tradition Leather Flip Case (from $54) From one of the more whimsical cases, we turn to one of the more luxurious. Noreve has a solid reputation for quality leatherwork. While you can buy one of Noreve's beautifully handcrafted real leather cases from a retailer, it's much more fun and personal to buy from Noreve's highly customizable store. With hundreds of different choices and color options available, Noreve makes your case truly unique to your phone. Noreve's cases can be expensive, but if you can afford luxury, then take a look at Noreve's leather cases. Buy one now from: Noreve Mobile Fun
Spigen Slim Armor CS Case ($19) We're not going to lie — Spigen‘s range boasts some of our favorite cases. This Slim Armor CS combines protection with utility, and delivers it all in a slim and stylish package. The dual-layer design uses absorbent TPU and hard polycarbonate (PC) to deliver the best combination of materials to resist drops and damage, and the back slides open to reveal a small compartment that perfectly fits two credit cards. With this case, you can choose to leave your wallet at home. Spigen's case is protective, stylish, and really handy. Buy one now from: Amazon Spigen
VRS Damda Folder V-Pro ($20+) You don't want to be worrying about your phone when you're out and about — and that goes doubly for a phone as beautiful as the S9 Plus. VRS Design‘s Damda Folder V-Pro might be on the bulky side for a case, but it delivers fantastic protection against all sorts of hazards, including drops, bumps, and scratches. On the back, there's a spring-loaded compartment that has room for five credit card-sized cards, and is also perfect for cash, SD cards, or other small items. It's all finished with a sandstone-style design, giving the case a cool mineral look that's complemented by the soft-touch TPU areas that provide additional grip. It's a great case for travelers and busy people alike. Buy one now from: Amazon Mobile Fun VRS Designs
Griffin Survivor Clear ($20) While it's certainly not as thin as some gel cases,the Survivor Clear case is extremely protective, offering Griffin's legendary military-standard 810G protection from drops of 4 feet. The case is made from hard PC, with edging made from anti-yellow rubber that should help the case stay looking new for longer. It's thin for a protective case, looks good — and most importantly — still lets you show off your S9 Plus' style. Buy one now from: Griffin
Hillsboro City Council heard a first reading Monday evening on legislation allowing the city to join the Paint Creek Joint EMS/Fire District as a member.
Councilman Dick Donley, who served as council president pro tempore in absence of Lee Koogler, introduced the resolution near the end of council's December meeting after a brief recess, during which he consulted with Hillsboro Law Director Fred Beery apparently in reference to the resolution.
No discussion was heard from council or the public on the matter.
The idea of the city joining Paint Creek as a member rather than continuing to utilize its services on a contract basis has been a contentious issue for the past few council meetings, largely due to the possibility of a property tax increase that would have to be implemented to pay for the district's services.
Since January 2014, the city has had a contractual relationship with Paint Creek for coverage of Hillsboro for about $570,000 a year, paid from the city's General Fund.
As reported by The Times-Gazette, if the city joins Paint Creek as a member, a 5.5-mill levy would be imposed to pay for fire and EMS, equating to about $152 annually per $100,000 valuation for residential properties and $192 annually per $100,000 valuation for commercial properties.
If the city joins as a member, it will have a vote on the board.
If the resolution is not approved, the contract – which expires at the end of the year – will be renegotiated, and Koogler and Donley have both said the cost is unlikely to change.
Donley said at a previous meeting that joining the district as a member has “its good points and bad points.”
Donley said last month that he was “leaning toward the contract,” and Councilman Bill Alexander agreed, saying the property tax increase would be too much of a burden for elderly, property-owning taxpayers.
Councilman Justin Harsha previously said if it comes to a vote, he will vote against the city joining the district, citing the property tax increase as a major drawback.
A number of citizens have spoken out against the city joining Paint Creek, largely due to tax concerns.
In other business, council approved and adopted the city's operating budget for 2018, suspending the three-reading rule and passing the legislation as an emergency.
Donley said the Finance Committee met on Friday, Dec. 7 and Monday, Dec. 11 to discuss the budget, and came out of deliberations with a budget that closely resembles the 2017 operating budget.
Donley, who serves as chairman of the committee, said he was pleased with the outcome.
“I think that the budget that is being presented at council tonight is very well-prepared,” he said. “Speaking with the administration and the department heads that were there (at committee meetings), I think they're satisfied with the way the budget is presented.”
Finance committee members Bill Alexander and Ann Morris both said the budget was satisfactory.
Check back later for further coverage of Monday night's meeting.
Reach David Wright at 937-402-2570, or on Twitter @DavidWrighter.
Hillsboro Safety and Service Director Mel McKenzie, foreground, sits with Hillsboro Mayor Drew Hastings during a Hillsboro City Council meeting Monday evening. Hillsboro Safety and Service Director Mel McKenzie, foreground, sits with Hillsboro Mayor Drew Hastings during a Hillsboro City Council meeting Monday evening. David Wright | The Times-Gazette
City's future with district being considered
Raw Video: Coach K returns from Rio
Team USA and Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski returns to RDU International Airport from the Olympics in Rio after coaching Team USA to the gold medal.
Actress Susan Peters: Cee-C is a Disgrace, Her Bad Character Made Her Win Nothing
Nollywood actress, Susan Peters has slammed ex-BBNaija housemate, Cee-C, whom she says was disgraced for not winning anything. According to her, the reality tv star's bad character made her lose a lot to the extent that even those she claims to be better than went home with lots of prizes while she didn't.
Susan Peters wrote:
”Food for thought, if you disagree just jejely don't be toxic cos I will block you. Alex won something( 550k close up challenge, dano milk challenge) including her mother's kitchen refurbished despite being called an animal and not her level.
Nina won Head of House and also a trip to Russia for the world cup and one Pepsi event in Dubai despite being called a dustbin with water in her brain.
Tobi won 1m, won Heritage Bank package, Headof house and 2nd runner-up even though he was insulted infinity
Ifunnada didn't make it to the finals but won 2.5m, a vintage Pepsi branded fridge and a year supply of Pepsi and aquafina water
Leo didn't make it to the finals but won 2.5m, a vintage Pepsi branded fridge and a year supply of Pepsi and aquafina water
This life NEVER look down on anyone because people's grace differ.
Ceec won nothing even the head of house didn't last. She won nothing. Getting to the finals as the last woman standing without anything is nothing! She was disgrace. Well she won Adesua's earrings so that's something
People she said are not her level went home making their parents proud.
If you like to take your bad character anywhere thinking the universe will clap for you. No one is perfect but every adult is responsible for their actions.
I said it before andI repeat it again, Virginity will never get you an award as much as good character will give. Being a virgin is self discipline but having a good character will take you places.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sign up for our newsletter for industry news, reviews and much more delivered straight to you!
Bye Aerospace has partnered with Siemens for future development of the company's Sun Flyer 2. Siemens will provide the electric propulsion motor and inverter for the plane.
“Members of the Siemens team have already been participating in development and certification meetings with the FAA, and we will be making future announcements about progress with the Sun Flyer 2's flight test program,” George Bye, CEO of Bye Aerospace, said in a press release.
The Sun Flyer family of aircraft, which includes the 2-seat Sun Flyer 2 and 4-seat Sun Flyer 4, intends to be the first FAA-certified, U.S.-sponsored, all-electric airplanes for the flight training and general aviation markets. To accommodate the aircraft's needs it will be outfitted with the SP70D motor from Siemens with a 90kW peak and a continuous rating of 70kW.
“The Siemens SP70D motor has been specifically designed for the needs of 2-seater flight trainers,” said Dr. Frank Anton, executive vice President and head of eAircraft, Siemens. “We know that safety, performance and cost of electric propulsion in the flight training market will be game changing and we are proud to partner on the Sun Flyer family of aircraft.”
French officials: Louvre attack was 'terrorist in nature'
Parts of Haiti left in ruins, says UN humanitarian coordinator
0:32
Ever since I was 16 years old, I have identified as a Republican. For years, I have worked for Republican elected officials across the ideological and leadership spectrum. When Republicans talked about the need for a more transparent government that was accountable to the American people — I believed it. When Republicans talked about balancing budgets and living within our means — I supported it. When Republicans talked about adhering to a governing vision outlined in the Constitution and Bill of Rights — I championed it.
I still believe in those things, but the Republican Party does not.
For decades, the Republican Party has marketed itself as the “rule of law” party. From immigration to police brutality, the GOP falls on the side of “law and order.” It is a theme that lies at the very heart of the Republican Party's moral foundation and rhetoric.
And yet, in the case of Roy Moore and this week's Alabama Senate race, morality has been abandoned for political expediency.
How else can you explain the president of the United States calling former U.S. Attorney Doug Jones — a man who successfully prosecuted the Birmingham bombings — “soft on crime?”
What is happening right now in Alabama illustrates everything wrong with the Republican Party and it's a big reason why I've made the personal decision to leave the GOP and join the Democratic Party. The reality is there is no moral compass guiding the Republican Party. There is no leadership or courage.
This short film from Ian McMullen features Emma Yardley as she shares her life growing up on the river.
MEDFORD, N.J. (AP) - A New Jersey man who spent decades preparing his home for doomsday is donating all of his stored food to families affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Joseph Badame lost his wife and was in the process of losing his Medford home when the 74-year-old met a couple raising money for their family affected by Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico.
Badame made a $100 donation, and then led the couple to the room where he stored all of his food and told them to take it all.
"I just can't put into words just how much food there was," Victoria Martinez-Barber, 30, told the Washington Post . "It was enough to feed a town."
Badame had gathered 80 barrels of food that each could sustain 84 people for four months. He said the food, which included dried beans, rice, flour, sugar, pancake mixes and more, would have been thrown away otherwise.
"I've lost everything. My wife, my house, everything," he told NJ.com . "The last thing I was going to lose is the food."
Badame started preparing for the worst with his wife Phyliss in the 1970s. The two equipped their basement with multiple kitchens and bathrooms, a bomb shelter and survival books. He estimated they spent close to a million dollars on the project.
Their prepping was put on hold after Phyliss suffered a massive stroke in 2005 that left her paralyzed.
Badame quit his job, took out a half-million loan on his house and spent his time caring for his wife. By the time his wife died in 2013, he was broke.
The bank foreclosed on his property, and it was at the estate sale last month where Badame met Martinez-Barber and her husband, Anthony Barber.
Badame said meeting the two gave him a new purpose in life.
"Phyliss and I prepared all this for one group of people and it turns out it's going to help another group of people," he said. "That's wonderful."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON — An operative for a political committee that supports Democrats has been charged with assault following a confrontation with a staffer for Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke outside a congressional hearing.
Capitol Police charged Wilfred M. Stark, 49, of Falls Church, Virginia, with simple assault following a confrontation with Heather Swift, a spokeswoman for Zinke. Stark works for American Bridge 21st Century, a group that supports Democratic candidates.
According to a police report, Stark approached Zinke after a House hearing Thursday and started yelling at him. Zinke continued walking out of the hearing room at the Longworth House Office Building and Stark “used his full body to push” Swift as she tried to leave the room, the report said.
Swift told police that Stark had been removed from an elevator two days earlier as he tried to force his way onto an elevator with Zinke and his staff. Swift said she decided to press charges to help obtain a “stay-away order” against Stark, the report said.
In a statement Monday, Swift called the incident “terrifying” and thanked police for their quick response.
“He is a big guy. He came up behind me fast, aggressive and very physical,” Swift said. “Who knows what this lunatic was thinking?”
Swift, who also served as Zinke's press secretary when he represented Montana in Congress, said that since joining the Trump administration a year ago, she has received harassing and threatening tweets, emails, phone calls and letters.
“But being physically targeted and assaulted brings it to another level,” she said. “This violent action only strengthens my desire to serve my president and my country.”
“Democrats claim to support women but they allow their operatives to assault women,” she added. “They need to immediately denounce this type of violent behaviour.”
American Bridge said in a statement Monday that Stark “adamantly denies” the allegations. “We are gathering all the facts and information surrounding this event,” the statement said.
Stark was also arrested in October and charged with creating a disturbance during a parade in suburban Virginia. Stark was videotaping GOP gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie for ShareBlue Media, an affiliate of American Bridge. He was found not guilty of resisting arrest, but convicted of disorderly conduct, the Fairfax County, Virginia, Times reported.
Stark faces a March 30 hearing in D.C. Superior Court in the current case.
American Bridge, which says it is “committed to holding Republicans accountable,” first noted an Interior Department contract worth nearly $139,000 to upgrade three sets of double doors in Zinke's office.
Zinke said at Thursday's hearing that he has negotiated a significantly lower price for the project by “manipulating” contract terms to lower the cost to about $75,000. He did not provide details.
Why it matters to you There may not be as many cars in GT Sport as some would like, but three Porsche models at least slightly make up that.
Ahead of Gran Turismo Sport‘s October 17 launch, Polyphony Digital released the complete car list and a lengthy trailer showing off the vehicles. Although the 163 vehicles featured is a far cry from the 700 available in the recently released Forza Motorsport 7, fans of Gran Turismo can rejoice because Porsche finally finds itself in the racing sim with three models including the Porsche Cayman GT4 Clubsport and the Porsche 919 Hybrid.
GT Sport cars will look more realistic than ever thanks to HDR support on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 4 Pro.
Racers can take each of the 163 cars for spins around 40 different layouts sprawled across 17 different courses.
It's safe to expect more cars and tracks to be released as post-launch DLC, but Sony hasn't revealed its plans beyond the October 17 launch for PS4. Players can get a jump on filling out their garages by downloading the timed GT Sport demo now. All cars unlocked in the demo as well as up to $1 million of in-game currency can be transferred to the full game. The demo runs until 8 a.m. PT on Thursday, October 12.
Check out the full car list below:
This November 2017 photo provided by Sarah Macaraeg shows the Cibola County Correctional Center in Milan, N.M. The death of a transgender woman while in the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has prompted advocates to demand that LGBT migrant detainees be freed until their cases are heard. (Sarah Macaraeg via AP)
Cal State Northridge, which recently named former N.C. State coach Mark Gottfried as its new basketball coach, said it did its due diligence and there were no “red flags” associated with the hiring.
A federal grand jury in New York in January issued a subpoena to N.C. State in conjunction with the FBI's investigation into corruption and fraud in college basketball. Among the allegations are that former N.C. State guard Dennis Smith Jr. received $73,500 in loans from Christian Dawkins, an associate of former agent Andy Miller, while Gottfried was the coach.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The subpoena, made public last week, requested personnel files for Gottfried and former Wolfpack assistant coach Orlando Early, who handled recruiting. It also asked for any forms of communication between NCSU athletic officials and Smith, Smith's family or representatives.
In a university statement, Cal State Northridge said: “Compliance was an important issue for us in the search for our next men's basketball coach. The great thing about bringing Mark Gottfried to CSUN is that we had a 20-year track record to review. Coach Gottfried has an excellent compliance record and understands how to build winners the right way. We did our own due diligence and, as both Coach Gottfried and officials at North Carolina State have said, there are no red flags whatsoever."
Gottfried, who was fired by N.C. State during the 2016-17 season, declined to comment when an interview request was made by the News & Observer to Cal State Northridge. Smith is in his rookie season with the NBA's Dallas Mavericks.
Ten people have been arrested in the FBI case, including assistant coaches at Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State and Southern California. Charges were later dropped for an AAU ex-director. Dawkins was among those arrested.
No one connected to N.C. State has been charged.
Uber doesn't have the greatest reputation when it comes to self-driving car safety, having been unceremoniously kicked out of San Francisco in 2016, and scaling back its tests in 2017 after a crash in Arizona. In the most recent incident, an Uber test vehicle, in autonomous mode with a safety driver behind the wheel, struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Ariz., marking what seems to be the first known instance of that happening. The incident was reported at 10pm, so it was at night.
There is not nearly enough information to draw conclusions. But the known facts that the car was in autonomous mode and struck a pedestrian are damaging to Uber. They also don't help the case for self-driving cars in the minds of the public. Uber has halted all of its self-driving tests on public roads in response, and the NTSB is sending a team to investigate. Supporters of deploying autonomous vehicles will point out that mile-for-mile they have actually been relatively safe (at least with a safety driver behind the wheel).
However, that won't stop a frenzy of “I told you so” comments from naysayers. Before we rush to judgment, though, there are some key facts that need to be sorted out. In the case of the man killed while driving his Tesla in autonomous mode, it was months before all the facts were in, and there are still some open questions. Hopefully this incident will get clarified sooner than that, but here are the questions we need answered first:
What About the Vehicle Safety Systems?
There is a great deal of confusion about the role of various automated systems in a car. Several times, including the infamous Tesla fatality in Florida, “autonomous” features have been blamed. However, both the Tesla and likely the Uber car in this case, are equipped with much more standard collision avoidance systems that are designed to brake before they hit something. So clearly the Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB) system needs to be looked at in this case.
How Did the Safety Driver React?
I really don't envy the job of being a safety driver. You need to sit behind the wheel ready to take over mile after mile, but might spend long periods of time doing nothing. Then you might only have a second or two to suddenly re-engage with the vehicle and take corrective action. This issue is part of why some like Google and Cruise have argued that sometimes-automated vehicles aren't really the way to go, and that we need complete Level 5 autonomy (where the car doesn't ever need a human) to ensure safety. Of course, it needs to really work!
Along with how the particular safety driver involved behaved in this situation, it'll be important to look at Uber's policies for training and evaluating its drivers, as well as the rules they provide for safe operation of the vehicle.
What Role Did the Pedestrian Play?
One reason pedestrian fatalities are on the rise appears to be distracted walkers. Smartphones are the main new culprit, just as they are for drivers. Now, that isn't an excuse for hitting someone, but as anyone who drives knows, if someone suddenly dashes out in front of you, your options are pretty limited. The woman who was killed was also not in the crosswalk, although certainly that's a common-enough practice that an autonomous vehicle should be able to deal with it.
Is It Self-Driving or Is It Uber?
Any crash involving a potentially-autonomous vehicle generates a lot of interest and early headlines, along with Twitter feeds full of experts theorizing on what happened. But in this case, like the others, we'll need to get some key questions answered before any real conclusions can be drawn. Some of those conclusions may change the way we regulate the testing and deployment of self-driving vehicles. If, for example, there are issues in Uber's policies or procedures that contributed to the crash, then they'll likely result in tighter regulation and enforcement. Since self-driving cars are heavily instrumented, including carrying multiple cameras, hopefully there will be enough information to get to the bottom of the incident fairly quickly.
President Donald Trump's travel ban hits its halfway mark this week, and experts say the administration does not have much to show for it.
After several court setbacks, the Supreme Court allowed the administration to reinstate most of the ban, which runs for a total of 90 days.
There is scant evidence the ban is strengthening national security or laying the foundation for more long-term reforms to immigration vetting, according to over a dozen security and immigration experts and former government officials surveyed by NBC News.
Instead, experts said the travel ban continues to antagonize potential allies without precisely targeting areas that have historically been a source of immigration-related terror. They point to the fact that no nationals of the countries banned have killed an American on U.S. soil in more than 40 years.
Under the order, foreign nationals are banned for 90 days from six countries — Iran, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya, and Yemen — and refugees lacking a link to the U.S. are barred for 120 days.
Demonstrators protest President Trump's travel ban policy outside Hatfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport on Jan. 29. Christopher Aluka Berry / Reuters file
"The terrorist threat from these countries is vastly overblown," said Alex Nowrasteh, an immigration policy analyst at the CATO Institute. "A lot of the American fear on this is based on what has happened in Europe with terrorist attacks in recent years, even though those attacks have almost entirely not been committed by people from these countries."
The Supreme Court narrowed the ban to protect migrants with a strong relationship with the U.S., such as family ties, and the entire order could still be struck down after the Supreme Court hears oral arguments scheduled for the fall. In July, a Hawaii district court judge ordered that the State Department guidelines include grandparents, grandchildren, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, and cousins of persons in the United States.
Status of the Trump Administration's Review
The administration initially justified the ban by saying it would relieve government agencies of "investigative burdens," while three government agencies, the departments of Homeland Security and State and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, conduct a worldwide review and report their findings to the president.
It is hard to know exactly what the administration has done for its review or what recent data tell us about the ban. In an emailed statement, Department of Homeland Security press secretary David Lapan said the agency had completed its review and submitted a report to Trump on July 10.
On Monday, when asked about the report, neither the White House nor the Department of Homeland Security would provide NBC News with a copy.
“The President's travel order, refugee ceiling and heightened vetting requirements are vital to keeping America safe,” a White House official said. “Foreign terrorists are constantly trying to infiltrate the United States through migratory flows and we cannot allow a sanctuary for terrorists and extremists on our shores and in our communities. The Administration will continue to take necessary and lawful action to keep violent radicals from entering our country.”
While DHS has yet to make any affirmative policy pronouncements, Betsy Lawrence, director of government relations for the American Immigration Lawyers Association, a liberal group, said people are getting stopped at the border more frequently.
"We are hearing about people being questioned more heavily when coming into ports of entry by Customs and Border Patrol," she said.
On July 12, the State Department told consular posts in a cable that the results of the worldwide review had been sent to the president. Although the cable made reference to the report, the administration has said very little publicly about any findings or any formal policy changes.
The administration has not shared, for example, the list of the countries the government deems unwilling or unable to share requested information about their nationals. "Everyone's kind of waiting with baited breath to see if there will be some kind official announcement related to the new policy," Lawrence added.
As part of the administration's new visa vetting protocols, the Department of State has suggested a new series of questions that consular officials should ask visa applicants, including sources of funding for their travel from the past 15 years, as well a list of social media platforms the applicant uses.
"Things like having to show a source of funds for travel can be really onerous to be people," Lawrence said.
Has the Ban Secured the Borders?
The main purpose of the ban is to enhance security in the U.S. by stopping terrorists from entry, according to the White House. But Marco Lopez, formerly chief of staff for Customs and Border Protection at the Department of Homeland Security under President Barack Obama, said he believes the ban may be leading to greater insecurity.
"Line supervisors and agents are frustrated with the lack of clarity and they don't like these blanket statements that everyone from a country is a threat,” he said. "They like to understand what's the threat and what they should be looking for."
Protesters rally against the separation of families under President Trump's travel ban in New York on June 29. Alba Vigaray / EPA file
Lopez said officers are pulling people out of the entry lines to do secondary checks to make certain they have proven their case to the embassy and that they have a bona fide relationship with the person in the U.S. they are visiting, as the administration is requiring. Lopez said these extra steps amount to a massive commitment of time and resources. "That's one less person you have to focus on real threats based on intelligence," Lopez said.
Others argue that the ban has fomented turmoil in our immigration system and undermines confidence in U.S. institutions.
"It matters because the rule of law is affected and it matters because individuals are trying to make informed decisions about what they're going to do with their lives," said Sarah Paoletti, who directs the transnational legal clinic at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
But not everyone agrees that the ban clearly makes us less safe.
"It did what it was intended to, which was to give the government the breathing space to review procedures about bringing people in that were potentially very high risk because of the outflow of foreign fighters," said James Carafano, a national security analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation. Carafano led the Trump administration's Homeland Security transition team after the 2016 election.
What the Numbers Show
The breadth of the ban's impact is hard to quantify.
Current data that tracks immigrant, tourist and business travel to the United States is not yet publicly available. But data from previous years suggest the number of people entering from the six affected countries is small.
Tourists and business travelers entered the United States approximately 69 million times in 2015, according to Homeland Security's statistics for that year, which is the most recently available. Travelers from the six banned countries accounted for fewer than 50,000 admissions in that same year.
"These are not countries that have a significant immigrant or travel experience to the United States," said Michelle Mittelstadt, communications director for the Migration Policy Institute, a non-partisan Washington-based think tank dedicated to research on the global movement of people.
One area where data is readily available is refugee admissions. Data from the Department of State Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration shows a dramatic drop in refugee admissions this year from the six countries affected by the travel ban. From Jan. 1, 2017, to Aug. 1, 2017, the United States admitted 7,242 refugees from the six countries, less than half the 14,958 who were admitted last year.
However, the drop in refugee admissions isn't unique to those six countries. All refugee admissions to the United States are down 40 percent this fiscal year compared to the previous one. Analysts caution that the drop in refugee admissions from the six countries may be dependent on a variety of factors.
"It's difficult to parse out if these declines are wholly representative of the fact that the Trump administration is seeking to pause refugee resettlement or if some of this pertains to just other factors," Mittelstadt said.
How Refugees Are Affected
As the number of refugees entering declines, the need for refugee sanctuary is at an all-time high. Currently, there are 22.5 million refugees worldwide, and half are under the age of 18, reports the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Dler is a Kurdish Iraqi who worked with U.S. forces for more than six years in Iraq. As a result, he and his family were threatened by militias and fled to Jordan. "They tried to kill me and kill my family and they threaten me," said Dler, who withheld his last name out of safety concerns. "Because of this, I deserve to go to America to protect my family and my life." Courtesy of IRAP
"It's been very frustrating for our clients, especially those being persecuted," said Mark Doss, a supervising attorney at the New York-based International Refugee Project (IRAP), which has opposed the travel ban. "The government is continuously trying to find ways to slow down the process to shut people out who are in need of resettlement, who are trying to get to safety."
One IRAP client is a Kurdish Iraqi named Dler who worked with U.S. forces for more than six years in Iraq. As a result, he and his family were attacked and threatened by militias and fled to Jordan.
"They tried to kill me and kill my family and they threaten me," said Dler, who withheld his last name out of safety concerns, speaking with the help of a translator in a phone interview. "Because of this, I deserve to go to America to protect my family and my life."
Initially, he was denied a Special Immigrant Visa because he had a criminal history of forging documents in order to evade the Iraqi draft in the 1990s.
Dler said he did it because he was the sole provider of his family and anti-Saddam Hussien. He says his father, a Kurdish nationalist, was killed by Hussein. IRAP filed a waiver for him, which the Obama administration granted in December 2016, and he was already in the process of security checks when the first Trump travel ban was issued in on Jan. 27.
He has no family ties that would count as a required bona fide relationship and remains stuck in Amman, Jordan, where he says the government will not give him humanitarian assistance or allow him to work. He has a child but cannot take him to school because he does not have the money to pay the school fees.
"Your life here is as if you are a shadow of a citizen, so of course you are looking for any way to get out," he said.
How Are People Fighting Back?
In the months since the administration's first rollout of the travel ban, organizations and citizens alike have sought to find ways to both cope and fight back, including through unexpected alliances.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has doubled-down on its support for people of all faiths who are fleeing persecution.
An Iraqi family from Woodbridge, Virginia, welcomes their grandmother at Dulles International Airport in Sterling, Virginia, on Feb. 5. Astrid Riecken / EPA file
"We believe in assisting all those who are vulnerable and fleeing persecution, regardless of their religion," said Bishop Joe Vasquez, chairman of the conference's Committee on Migration, in a statement online.
Muslim-Americans have also taken to social media to share personal stories and photos of cherished family members to push back on what many saw as an attempt to equate their grandparents with terrorists, which led to the trending hashtag #GrandparentsNotTerrorist.
Holly Dagres, an Iranian-American, started the Instagram account, “Banned Grandmas,” to share posts from the original hashtag. Dagres said that as the account became more popular, other Muslim-Americans began to submit their own photos.
"There are a lot of people who aren't even Muslim who are vocalizing their frustration and embarrassment with the Trump Administration's handling of this ban," Dagres said. "When they see the pictures of these grandparents, it reminds them of their own grandparents—they see their own grandparents in these photos."
What Will the U.S. Supreme Court Do?
There are principally two sides of the debate for the arguments on the travel ban in October. The Trump administration argues that the president has broad executive discretion in the area of immigration and national security and that this power is unreviewable by the courts.
International travelers arrive on June 29, the day that President Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, went into effect, at Logan Airport in Boston. Brian Snyder / Reuters file
"Immigration touches on national sovereignty and the [Supreme] Court has been largely loath to second guess the president," said Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell Law School professor and immigration lawyer. "They say the president has more weight than usual and the Constitution has less weight than usual."
On the other hand, the State of Hawaii and International Refugee Assistance Projectsay that courts may scrutinize the rationale behind a president's actions.
In fact, many opponents of the ban are skeptical of the ban's official rationale.
Bernard Harcourt, law professor at Columbia University, represented a 24-year-old Syrian medical resident stranded in the United Arab Emirates after Trump signed the first travel ban in January.
"It was a pretext," Harcourt said, "a dressing up of anti-Muslim discrimination."
German LCC Eurowings has asked passengers to vote on potential new destinations, ticking boxes for passenger engagement, marketing and route development.
Eurowings has said the ‘You vote, we fly' campaign is an industry first. I can see other airlines kicking themselves for not thinking of this sooner.
After an initial round of voting, three destinations will be shortlisted. The winner will be selected during a live finale on social media site Facebook and will be added to the Eurowings network for summer 2018.
There are three reasons why this is a smart strategy:
1/ Marketing impact: Eurowings is less well-known than easyJet and Ryanair. This campaign shows innovative thinking; it engages directly with passengers and gives them a voice in the airline's strategy and decision-making. In this digital era, social media plays a huge role and passengers increasingly expect products to be tailored to their needs. This taps several market trends and has the potential translate into bottom line profit.
2/ Finding an undiscovered gem: Network evaluations are usually primarily based on historic traffic data. By asking travelers themselves where they want to fly to, Eurowings might uncover untapped demand that isn't contained in historic data.
3/ Choice, but not too much choice: Rather than giving passengers a free say, Eurowings has offered 10 possibilities. This is wise move, as internet voters can be a difficult audience. This shortlist will undoubtedly be places that the airline is evaluating anyway. A choice of 10 options focuses votes into valuable feedback and makes it easier to deliver on the end result.
However, I can see two initial drawbacks. Just because a person votes for a destination, it doesn't mean they will act on it. Will the campaign actually reach the people who will pay money for tickets? For example, more lucrative business travelers may be unlikely to participate, but these destinations seem to be fairly leisure-focused and more suited to a social-media audience.
The choices available to vote on are Belfast in Northern Ireland, Bergen in Norway, Biarritz in France, Brac in Croatia, Castellón in Spain, Mostar in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Podgorica in Montenegro, Shannon in Ireland, and Trapani and Trieste in Italy.
By listing the 10 potential destinations, is there a danger that Eurowings could tip off its competitors about its route-development evaluations? Airlines tend to play their cards pretty close to their chest when it comes to network expansion, but this would give Eurowings their own unique data set, indicating the potential interest in serving those cities.
Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com
• For people living on the edge of towns here, in search of woods and isolation, the wildfires have been a wake-up call. “You take the good with the bad.” [Orange County Register]
• San Diego officials may have been helped fighting the Lilac Fire because of lessons learned from the fires of 2007 and 2003. To wit: better communication and better fire-tracking. [San Diego Union-Tribune]
Photo
• It's doom season in Los Angeles: Hector Tobar, in an Op-Ed essay, talks about standing on a ridge at sunset, watching a pink sky “that was beautiful and frightening.” [The New York Times]
• Ojai, a haven for nature lovers, spiritual seekers and artists, is struggling with the Thomas Fire. [The New York Times]
And in non-fire news:
• And now there's two: A second member of the California Assembly resigned in the face of sexual harassment allegations. Matt Dababneh was accused of masturbating in front of a lobbyist. He denied the charge. [Sacramento Bee]
• The San Francisco Board of Supervisors has voted to impose strict restrictions on delivery robots that, in the view of critics, threaten to terrorize pedestrians on city sidewalks. [Wired]
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
• Gov. Jerry Brown does “60 Minutes” — and talks climate change and President Trump. “I don't think President Trump has a fear of the Lord, the fear of the wrath of God, which leads one to more humility.” [CBS News]
• A charbono from Napa Valley makes Eric Asimov's list of the 10 most memorable wines of 2017; he found this one while coming out to report on the Wine Country fires. [The New York Times]
• Los Angeles has been trying to crack down on house parties in the Hollywood Hills. Here's the case — made keg-in-cheek by a local comedian — to party on, delivered at a City Council hearing. [The Los Angeles Times]
• A private bus taking employees of a for-profit educational organization to a holiday party in Palo Alto on Friday night rolled over and skidded across the 101 freeway. Thirty people were injured, apparently none seriously. [San Francisco Chronicle]
• Another view on why California's greenhouse gas levels have fallen. State officials credit the cap-and-trade program. This argues that it was because heavy rainfall meant more hydroelectric power, and less fossil fuels. [Sacramento Bee]
• David Axelrod helped get Barack Obama elected president and in his post-White House years, does a podcast devoted to politics. That brought him to Los Angeles to talk politics with a certain mayor who has been talking about running for president. [The Axe Files]
• “From Television City in Hollywood ...” Maybe not for long. CBS wants to sell the 25-acre Television City campus to developers. Think big buildings. Bad idea, writes Zev Yaroslavsky, a former member of Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors. [Los Angeles Times]
Photo
• It's almost legal. A tour of the (already) flourishing marijuana scene in Los Angeles: high teas, budtenders and bake sales. “It all comes down to not feeling like a criminal, being seen as a criminal,” said Douglas Dracup who owns the Hitman Coffee Shop, where you will soon be able to do more than sip espresso. [The New York Times]
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Coming up this week:
• Governor Brown is off to Paris to address the One Planet Summit, for the second anniversary of the Paris agreements to fight global warming. He tells us this is the last international trip he'll be making for a while.
•The Museum of Failure has arrived in Los Angeles, at the A & D Architectural Design Museum. Go if you want to feel better about yourself.
• In case you weren't sure what time of the year this is — the Nutcracker opens this week at the San Francisco Ballet.
• An exhibition of gemstone jewelry pieces from India opens at the Gemological Institute of America in Carlsbad.
• Brooklyn transplant Grizzly Bear plays at The Wiltern.
• It is also the season for ice skating in downtown Sacramento.
And Finally ...
Photo
Let's not let last week pass without mention of one bit of important California history. It was 50 years ago when Willie Brown, the San Francisco Democrat, was first elected to the Assembly. It's almost a cliché to say they don't make them like that anymore — well it is a cliché, but so what. They don't.
Mr. Brown held office before California voters adopted term limits, which meant he was able to serve 15 years leading the Assembly. All those years meant that Mr. Brown had the kind of knowledge, connection and experience that helped make him one of the most powerful leaders in California history.
And his career kept going after he left Sacramento. He became mayor of San Francisco and today, at 83, he is writing political columns for the San Francisco Chronicle, where, characteristically, he has shown no reluctance in letting you know how he thinks. “Democrats needed the high road, so they ran over Al Franken,” read the headline over Mr. Brown's weekend offering.
.
California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.
There is one area that the Yankees fall in line with the rest of baseball and that's the demise of the emphasis placed on starting pitching, along with a corresponding move that accents relievers and closers.
As proof of this, one only needs to look at the starter like contract given to Aroldis Chapman to be the closer for the team over the next five year. How far will the new trend take us and what are the implications for the Yankees and the sport in general if it continues.
Baseball is a very fickle sport. Things come, and then they go. Sometimes the Yankees participate and sometimes they don't. They haven't chosen to be, for example, a big part of the landslide towards employing shifts, but they have been a forerunner in the buildup of bullpens as the primary piece of arms in the team's pitching arsenal.
It began even as far back as the era of Joe Torre when the team relied heavily on the tandem of Wettland, Nelson, and Rivera to close out games one-two-three in the seventh, eighth, and ninth innings. And as the team builds its bullpen for the 2017 season, the practice is continuing with the leveling of the Bettances and Chapman bomb on teams that think they can pull a fast one late in the game. And based on what has been rumored, they're still concentrating on adding to their strength in the bullpen.
[embedded content]
Which is fine, because the game needs to change the flavor of what it presents to its fans. But at the same time, it becomes an intriguing question to wonder if $20-25 million starting pitchers are earning their keep. Because if they almost automatically get the hook from a bullpen fanatic like Joe Girardi, and others like Bruce Bochy of the Giants and Joe Maddon of the Cubs after pitching five innings before turning things over to the bullpen.
In 2015, major league starting pitchers averaged only 87 pitches per start. 87 pitches, not every day but every fifth day. Quality Starts (in which they pitch at least six or more innings and do not allow more than three earned runs), we see the same thing.
In 2016 for example, the list on the leaderboard in that department rapidly dwindles once you get past names like Lester, Kershaw, and Sales. In fact, you have to go all the way down to number 24 to find Masahiro Tanaka and even further down to find C C Sabathia (No. 42).
John Smoltz Would Say To The Yankees: Let 'em Pitch!
More from Yanks Go Yard
John Smoltz, a recent inductee to the Baseball Hall of Fame as a starter and reliever, is a big believer in pitching more and not less. He argues quite eloquently that it stands to reason that the more you exercise a muscle, the stronger it will become. And yet teams that include the Yankees continue to defy that logic at the same time that, not too long ago starting pitchers weren't even considered for a starting role if they couldn't manage a minimum of 250 innings a season.
It's always difficult to swim against the tide, but the overuse of bullpens has become quite noticeable and is contributing heavily to the length of time it takes to play a normal nine-inning game. In fact, recently the Commissioner indicated that he had been severely considering invoking limits on the use of relievers to combat what is noticeably “dead time” (except for the organist) during a game. And while that would require the input of the Player's Association, it certainly gives credence to the impact bullpen use is having on baseball.
Want your voice heard? Join the Yanks Go Yard team!
So again as fans of the game, it's something we might want to give our attention towards. And when we see Brian Mitchell (for example) removed from a game after four 1/3 innings with a pitch count of 82 and behind by 2-0, maybe we should be asking ourselves, why? And especially in a league with the DH. And if it's something that MLB indeed wants to fix, it had better do so sooner rather than later when the trend firmly gets set in………..
This article originally appeared on
Watch the EFL Championship LIVE on beIN SPORTS
The Australian is the Potters' third signing of the off-season after Oghenekaro Etebo and Benik Afobe's arrival at the club.
Federici joins after Manchester United completed the signing of Stoke's second choice goalkeeper Lee Grant, and the former Socceroos stopper could become the club's number one, depending on how the future of Jack Butland pans out.
The Potters have made their third new signing of the summer with Australian international goalkeeper Adam Federici arriving from @afcbournemouth
👉 https://t.co/lC4JQPgoLg#SCFC 🔴⚪️ pic.twitter.com/NKKTFHAkgK — Stoke City FC (@stokecity) July 3, 2018
"Adam [Federici] is a player with bags of experience, with Reading notably and Bournemouth as well," manager Gary Rowett told the club's website.
"He's an excellent professional, great trainer and a very good goalkeeper who we see as one of three senior keepers who need to be pushing each other. I'm really pleased that we have been able to bring him into the club."
Federici, 33, made 17 appearances in three years for Bournemouth and has been capped 16 times by Australia.
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas Pause
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:48 Jimbo Fisher: Seminoles proud to be playing in the Orange Bowl game
2:24 Felicia Hambrick talks about her serious pit bull attack
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
FOUNTAIN HILLS, Ariz. — A 92-year-old Arizona woman has been arrested and accused of fatally shooting her son who wanted to put her in an assisted living facility, authorities said Tuesday.
Anna Mae Blessing has been booked into jail on suspicion of one count each of first-degree murder, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and kidnapping, according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office.
Blessing was in a wheelchair at her initial court appearance Tuesday where her bond was set at $500,000 and a lawyer was being appointed to represent her.
92-year-old Anna Mae Blessing has been arrested and accused of fatally shooting her son who wanted to put her in an assisted living facility. Maricopa County Sheriff's Office
Sheriff's officials said Blessing's 72-year-old son was found dead Monday at his home in Fountain Hills, located about 30 miles northeast of Phoenix.
The man's name wasn't immediately released.
Blessing had been living with her son and his girlfriend for about six months, according to court records.
She told authorities that she argued with her son Monday morning over the way she was being treated and was upset with him stating that he was going to place her in assisted living.
Blessing told detectives she got out two handguns she has had since the 1970s — one bought at a gun store and the other obtained from her late husband.
She concealed two pistols in the pockets of her robe before confronting her son in his bedroom and firing multiple shots at him with one handgun, records show.
The gun was dislodged from Blessing's hand after a struggle with her son's girlfriend, as well as the second weapon, authorities said.
The unidentified woman called authorities and Blessing was located on a recliner in the home and taken into custody.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When the plastic £5 notes were brought into circulation back in late 2016, everyone was on the lookout for unique things about their note that could make them worth a small fortune.
When the 12-sided £1 coin was first released, the impact was slightly smaller, but all that could be about to change.
Coin collecting expert Change Checker has reported on a new batch of £1 coins that could have a minting 'error' on them.
It appears that the 12-sided £1 coin die has been struck on an old round £1 coin blank, as reported by Manchester Evening News.
Change Checker adds that it has seen three examples of this in the past week alone so maybe they are not super rare, maybe you have one and you haven't noticed it yet.
The Mirror has also reported that types of this coin are appearing on eBay with one selling for £205.
It received 22 bids.
(Image: Zeki Atma/Change Checker)
Are these real coins?
The Royal Mint still haven't verified these coins so Change Checker say the best thing to do is to send it to The Royal Mint Museum which offers a free verification service.
You get the coin back - along with their findings - a few weeks later.
Which other coins are valuable?
(Image: Andy Datson)
Last year, there was a story about numerous rare 50p coins which were worth up to hundreds of pounds based on which designs they had. These included a Kew Gardens coin and a Jemima Puddleduck one.
It can be hard to have a real idea of how much these are actually worth, Change Checker add that a coin is mostly just worth how much someone is willing to pay for it.
To help ease some of the confusion, Change Checker has created the eBay price tracker which simply "takes the last 9 sold prices achieved on eBay and gives the median price achieved (rounded to the nearest 50p). By taking the median, rather than an average, we avoid skewing created by one or two excessive prices achieved."
The team-up extends to Microsoft's Azure cloud platform. BlackBerry Dynamics and a handful of other services are now available through Azure for those outfits that mostly live in a Microsoft world.
The two are betting that this alliance will be particularly helpful for banks, governments, health care providers and others that often count BlackBerry and Microsoft as customers. Of course, it's also a hedge against Google -- both of them see G Suite and other Google services as a threat to their bottom line, and working together could give them an edge where they might struggle on their own.
Danbury Police look for owner of found money
Photo: Tyler Sizemore / Tyler Sizemore Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Buy photo Danbury Police file photo. Danbury Police file photo. Photo: Tyler Sizemore / Tyler Sizemore Buy this photo Danbury Police look for owner of found money 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The Danbury Police Department is asking the public for help in finding a person who lost “a substantial sum of money.”
The money was found by a “Good Samaritan” on Saturday in the Walmart parking lot. The owner spoke about it with store employees before it was found, but didn't leave contact information, according to Danbury Police.
“While we cannot locate the individual without assistance, we are confident we will know the person when we see them,” police said.
The owner of the money or people who know who the owner is are asked to contact Det. Lt. Mark Williams at m.williams@danbury-ct.gov or leave a voice message at 203-797-4683.
Mr. Sessions, who is coming off weeks of pointed criticism from Mr. Trump over his performance as attorney general, was pressed to explain why the president had not forcefully condemned white nationalism.
Mr. Sessions said the president had done so, but he was referring to an unattributed White House statement on Sunday that condemned “white supremacists,” not to comments Mr. Trump made publicly.
“He said that yesterday, his spokesman did,” Mr. Sessions said on ABC.
“It came from the White House,” Mr. Sessions said on NBC's “Today” show. “It was authorized.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“I think we're making too much of this,” Mr. Sessions added on “CBS This Morning.”
As the United States attorney in Alabama, Mr. Sessions was accused decades ago of making racist comments, something he has denied. But critics again assailed him as racist during his Senate confirmation.
But Mr. Sessions's record on law and order suggests a more nuanced view.
“I've always said he's good on criminal civil rights enforcement, on hate crimes. I think he really cares about it,” said Vanita Gupta, the president of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. Ms. Gupta was head of the Justice Department's civil rights division during the Obama administration. “The problem is, he's completely unwilling to address systemic problems.”
Mr. Trump was scheduled to meet in Washington later Monday with Mr. Sessions and the F.B.I. director, Christopher A. Wray, about the Charlottesville incident, the White House said. Mr. Trump has been on vacation in New Jersey. Mr. Sessions said that Mr. Trump would speak “to the people” later on Monday.
The “domestic terrorism” language is largely symbolic — many of the law's stiffest penalties are for international terrorism that do not apply domestically. But the debate over language has raged for more than a decade, as Muslim groups in particular argue that the word terrorism is used only when the attackers are Muslim.
By declaring the attack to be domestic terrorism, Mr. Sessions is moving quickly to quell a debate that swirled after the 2015 shooting of a historically black church in South Carolina. Dylann S. Roof, a South Carolina man who had once worn white supremacist patches, killed nine people in that attack. Loretta E. Lynch, the attorney general at the time, declared hate crimes “the original domestic terrorism.” But some civil rights groups wanted her to go farther.
Under federal law that was expanded after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, a violation of federal or state criminal law qualifies as domestic terrorism if it appears to be intended to coerce or intimidate a civilian population or to coerce the policy of the government. But domestic terrorism carries no additional penalties. Investigators rely on charges like murder and assault in prosecuting these crimes.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Justice Department announced over the weekend that it was opening a civil rights investigation into the Charlottesville incident.
Shamrock Rovers have signed former Norwich City and Scotland Under-21 international Cameron King.
The attacking midfielder has signed with the Dublin club until the end of the season and Rovers coach Stephen Bradley believes that Cameron will make a "real impact" with the Hoops.
King played in the final of the 2013 FA Youth Cup which Norwich won for the first time in 30 years beforemaking his senior debut in September 2014 in a League Cup tie away to Shrewsbury Town.
The English-born midfielder made his first appearance for the Scotland Under 21s later that year, scoring a late equaliser in Switzerland.
King left the Canaries in the summer of 2016 and will be looking to kick-start his career at Rovers, following a short spell at hometown club Thetford Town.
"I was made aware of Cameron about six weeks ago and advised that I should take a serious look at him," said Bradley.
"Sometimes you get players in and they're not what people say they are. Cameron was and he's definitely going to be an attacking threat for us. We got him initially for just two or three days and straight away we liked what we saw.
"He's very direct, very clever on the ball. He can play any attacking position, right, left or as a 10. We have him until the end of the season so hopefully he can show that quality. He has good character, he's hungry to get his career back on track and hopefully this is the place for him. I see him being a good player for us between now and the end of the season and making a real impact."
Speaking about his short-term move to Dublin, King said: "I am a very positive player who likes to get on the ball, drive the team forward and create chances at every opportunity.
"I play in the 10 or out wide and like to cause defenders problems.
I've trained here for a few weeks and the quality of the players made me raise my game. The moral is very good and the squad have been great to me.
"It's a new opportunity and I cannot wait to get going.
"I need to impress the management staff, earn the respect of my teammates and then I will feel a lot more comfortable and see where I go from there."
Elsewhere, Sligo Rovers have handed professional contracts to Under-19s trio John Mahon, Jack Keaney and Ed McGinty.
Centre-back Mahon is a Collooney native, whose fledgling years were usefully spent in the Ballisodare United youth teams.
Keaney is an 18-year-old central midfield player who hails from Donegal Town, while McGinty, who turned 18 at the start of this month, is a Motherwell born goalkeeper, who began playing with Rovers Under-19 team in the 2016 season having spent three years at the Celtic youth academy.
The House of Representatives is set to leave town Thursday morning for a two-week break without reaching an agreement on health care. It's another blow to Republicans and the Trump administration who had worked this week to revive the failed effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare.
After Republicans failed to garner enough votes nearly two weeks ago to pass the American Health Care Act, some Republicans instrumental in the bill's failure — especially the conservatives — expressed renewed motivation to find a way to reach consensus with their more moderate counterparts.
The Trump administration in recent days has led discussions among the disparate groups in an attempt to reach a Republican compromise. But those talks went nowhere when an agreement could not be reached on a few issues and a late-night meeting with Vice President Mike pence and representatives of the relative factions of House Republicans Tuesday failed to move the effort forward.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pres. Trump and Trump Admin. Trying to Resurrect Health Care Deal 1:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The issues still separating them include insurance regulations. Conservative members want to get rid of regulations imposed on insurance companies that they say drive up the cost of health care but ensure that sick people maintain health care that covers an array of procedures and preventative care.
Moderates, meanwhile, are opposed to stripping the regulations, concerned that too many people would lose coverage and that the cost for sicker and older people would become too great.
Trust among House Republicans have suffered in recent weeks as some members are frustrated with the conservative House Freedom Caucus whom some say will come around to support any bill.
Congress will return from recess with a crowded agenda that starts with the need to pass a funding measure to prevent a government shutdown. They'll also have to consider a debt ceiling increase and would like to also tackle tax reform. And, of course, health care.
New York Rep. Sean Maloney (above) has introduced the LGBT Pride Act, which aims to combat the high rate of violence experienced by LGBT people.
To Provide a Requirement to Improve Data Collection Efforts (PRIDE) Act which calls on the Center for Diseases Control (CDC) to improve the process of data collection on sexual orientation and gender identity of victims who face violent deaths.
The CDC operates the National Violent Death Reporting System (NVDRS), which collects data on victims of violent crimes. The PRIDE Act would authorize $25 million to fund those efforts.
.@HRC's David Stacy: #LGBTPrideAct would help fund efforts to collect data & find solutions to combat violence against LGBTQ community. pic.twitter.com/CrVYIItozs — Stephen Peters II (@stephenpeters2) June 13, 2017
Human Rights Campaign (HRC) reports:
Improved data collection is urgently needed as LGBTQ people — not just in Orlando, but across the country — face a plethora of issues including racism, sexism, homophobia and transphobia that leaves them disproportionately more vulnerable to violence.
Reports continue to mount of black trans women being shot, stabbed and killed in violent altercations. So far, a dozen transgender women of color were murdered this year. In 2016, advocates tracked 22 deaths of transgender homicides, the highest rate ever recorded.
HRC Government Affairs Director David Stacy said:
“The LGBTQ community, particularly transgender women of color, continue to face an epidemic of violence. In order to help understand the full scope of this violence, it is critically important we ensure victims' sexual orientation and gender identity are included as part of the information gathered in the National Violent Death Reporting System.”
Maloney added:
“Pulse wasn't an isolated occurrence – anti-LGBTQ violence is way too common – it happens when a trans woman of color is gunned down in the street, it happens when a young gay person is bullied into depression or takes his own life.
“We have to get more information on where this violence is happening and we have to be more aggressive about doing something to stop it – and this bill is a necessary first step.”
The PRIDE Act has been endorsed by HRC, the Trevor Project, PFLAG, and the Gay and Lesbian Straight Education Network (GLSEN)
Maloney, the first openly gay New York congressman, married his partner Randy Florke in 2014. The couple have been together since 1992 and have three adopted children.
(Maloney image via Wikipedia)
PHILIPPI, WV (WBOY) - "Every day he's out here changing his board, and hopefully his classmates can appreciate that kind of use it as a tool for them", says Darla Streets, Special Education Teacher at Philip Barbour High School.
And like most aspiring meteorologists, it starts at a young age, just like Kirkland Waltman, a sophomore at Philip Barbour High School, who brings the forecast to his peers every day.
Street adds, "I know he's kinda famous for that, everyone knows that Kirkland is the weather guy, sometimes they'll ask him about the weather, and of course, he does a really good job of putting all his information on the board"
Tell me a little bit about what you do every day? Kirland says, "I put up the seven day, every day, and the bus stop forecast."
What's your daily routine for this? Kirkland says, "I get the bus stop information from the evening and the seven-day information in the morning. I help Mr. Carpenter in second period at the last space I come out and do it before we start class"
And despite Kirkland having autism has high aspirations for life after high school.
Kirland's Weather Board here at Phillip Barbour High School just shows his interest in meteorology, reminds me a lot of my interest in weather when I was Kirkland's age and look at me now, and Kirkland, what do you want to be when you grow up? Kirland says, "a Chief Meteorologist there at 12 News.
I'd better watch out, Kirkland may take my job after not too long!
12:49 Reported News Briefs Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Iyar 9, 5778 , 24/04/18 Kiryat Motzkin: 62-year-old killed in fall from height A 62-year-old man fell about three storeys in Kiryat Motzkin on Tuesday. The Magen David Adom emergency service was forced to pronounce him dead at the scene. ► ◄ Last Briefs
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:23 Weddington Warriors are 3AA champions
Passengers cling to sinking ferry off Indonesia
At least 29 people died and dozens were missing after a vehicle ferry sank off the Indonesian island of Sulawesi.
PARIS (AP) — The Latest on trade tensions between the United States and the European Union (all times local):
9:45 a.m.
U.S. and European trade chiefs are meeting hours before the U.S. is expected to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum that could unleash a trade war.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Le Figaro newspaper that a decision on tariffs would likely come after markets close Thursday. The U.S. decision is likely to be to impose tariffs, though there is slim hope that the two sides could reach a last-minute agreement.
Ross met Thursday morning in Paris with French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire, whose government has vigorously objected to tariffs.
And U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer is meeting in Paris on Thursday with EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom among other international trade chiefs.
In his Le Figaro interview, Ross said the Americans are still open to discussion, and the EU would be to blame for any trade war if it imposes retaliatory tariffs as expected.
___
6:30 a.m.
President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
MOSCOW — FIFA has picked European and South American referees to handle the World Cup quarterfinals that feature only teams from their regions.
The Uruguay vs. France game will be refereed by Nestor Pitana of Argentina on Friday in Nizhny Novgorod. It will be his fourth assignment, including the opening game.
Also Friday, the Brazil vs. Belgium game in Kazan will be handled by Milorad Mazic of Serbia. He handled the Champions League final in May.
FIFA says Brazilian referee Sandro Ricci will work Russia vs. Croatia on Saturday in Sochi. He handled Croatia's first group-stage game against Nigeria.
The Sweden vs. England quarterfinal in Samara on Saturday will be the fourth game refereed by Bjorn Kuipers of the Netherlands.
Bedbugs. They're gross, annoying, and can cause quite an itch. If you've discovered that your mattress has become a breeding ground for the tiny buggers, you're probably wondering, “How do I get rid of these bastards?” Removal of bedbugs on your own isn't easy, but it is possible. However, if you feel the infestation is too severe or overwhelming to deal with on your own, seek professional help. Still, if treating the problem yourself is the way you wish to go, this guide is here to help.
Related: You need no alibi — here's how to remove bloodstains from clothing, carpet, and upholstery
Identify the source
The first thing you should do, before you rush straight into committing mass-insecticide, is identified the culprit. If you're looking for methods to get rid of bedbugs, it's probably for a reason. There are several creepy crawlies that can cause bedbug-like symptoms, however, including fleas, scabies, and even spiders. Just to be sure, here's how to identify if bedbugs are actually the problem.
Bedbugs are small, dark brown, or purple critters with flat carapaces, usually appearing in bed sheets, mattresses, and furniture. Bed sheets that show signs of bedbug activity will often be stained with tiny blood spots, and the area around their nests will be darkened with brown or black fecal spots. For comparison, fleas tend to be tiny, brown bugs with long bodies. Fleas are smaller than bedbugs, and tend to stay on pets and other animals. However, they have been known to appear on carpets and other upholstery.
Bedbug bites are itchy, red bumps that often appear in a line, often in groups of three. Depending on the severity of your reaction, the bites may be tiny and itchy; worse cases can bring pain and swelling. Flea bites typically appear in sporadic patterns, all over the affected person (or pet). The reaction to the latter bites can vary in severity, though flea bites can be felt immediately as a minuscule, quick point of pain. Fleas also bite at any time, whereas bedbugs only bite while someone is near their nest (usually at night while sleeping).
If you've discovered bedbugs and homed in on their nesting area, your next step is to quarantine.
Nobel Peace Prize Winner and former U.S. Vice President, Al Gore, is one of the world's most vocal defenders of the environment. His 2007 documentary film, “An Inconvenient Truth”, won an Oscar and his Climate Reality Project recently hosted an important summit in Berlin. In this exclusive interview with Vatican News, Al Gore praises Pope Francis' encyclical, “Laudato si”, and calls for a “Sustainability Revolution”.
By Alessandro Gisotti
You are one the strongest voices in the world calling for environmental protection. Why are you so passionately involved in this “green battle” for our planet?
I believe that the purpose of life is to glorify God — and if we heap contempt and destruction on God's creation, that is grotesquely inconsistent with the way we are supposed to be living our lives. Moreover, the climate crisis is now the biggest existential challenge humanity has ever faced. And it is not only humanity that is at risk; according to the world's biologists, up to half of all the living species with which we share this Earth are in danger of extinction during this century. When Noah was instructed to gather two of every species in his ark in order to “keep them alive with thee,” I believe that instruction is also meant for us.
At present, we are using the thin shell of atmosphere surrounding our planet as an open sewer for 110 million tons of heat-trapping manmade global warming pollution every day. The accumulated total is now trapping as much extra heat energy as would be released by 400,000 Hiroshima-class uncle bombs exploding every 24 hours. The consequences of that extra heat energy are clear: Stronger storms, bigger downpours, more destructive floods and mudslides, deeper and longer droughts, crop failures, water scarcity in many regions, strengthening wildfires, spreading disease, melting ice, and sea level rise — along with the acidification of the world ocean, and more.
So, there is really no choice here. We have to solve the climate crisis. As Pope Francis has said, “if we destroy creation, creation will destroy us.”
I have been fortunate to be able to pour every ounce of energy I have into efforts to contribute to the solution to his crisis. And I am so inspired by the millions of activists and leaders around the world who are driving clean energy development in the Sustainability Revolution. The real passion and energy are coming from these activists and leaders.
In a recent interview you said that climate change is not a political issue, “it is a moral and spiritual issue”. How do you see the importance of a spiritual leader like Pope Francis in sharing this commitment to safeguard the environment?
Pope Francis's leadership has been an inspiration to all of us across the world, particularly when it comes to his strong and repeated emphasis on solving the climate crisis. I am grateful for and in awe of the clarity of the moral force he embodies. He also speaks in the most powerful way about the most vulnerable among us — the poor — and helps all who listen to understand how they are uniquely affected by the climate crisis. In particular, his papal encyclical, Laudato si', marked a crucial step for the Catholic church in leading the world to commit to addressing the climate crisis ahead of the Paris Agreement.
In these and many other ways, the Pope has been at the forefront in leading the world toward constructive climate action. Virtually all of my Catholic colleagues and friends are thrilled to the marrow of their bones that he is providing this kind of spiritual leadership. As am I.
More generally, spiritual teaching obviously plays a crucial role in communities around the world. The Pope is a model for leaders of other faith traditions to communicate the dangers posed by the climate crisis and our duty as stewards of God's creation to solve it.
In his Encyclical letter Laudato si, on care for our common home, Pope Francis affirms that climate change and poverty are deeply interrelated in many regions of the world. How do you see that issue?
As Pope Francis has emphasized, those living in poverty are disproportionally affected by the climate crisis, which is detrimentally impacting access to necessary resources and threatening human health. For example, Puerto Rico, where more than 40 percent of the population lives below the poverty line, is still trying to recover from the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, which decimated the country's electrical grid and mobile phone networks, and flooded entire neighborhoods.
Moreover, the co-pollution (along with CO2) from spewing carbon emissions into the atmosphere is making people sick. It is well known that allowing more air pollution into our cities and smaller communities is making even more people sick. According to the principles of Environmental Justice, we know that the plumes of this pollution are more likely to go into communities that have been deprived of the political and economic power necessary to defend themselves. So, that is where the first damage is done.
And it isn't just those living in poverty who are disproportionately affected by the climate crisis. The list includes the mentally ill, those with pre-existing medical conditions, the elderly, infants and children, the homeless and minority communities. For example, in the United States, African American children are three-times more likely than the overall population to suffer from diseases related to air pollution, are twice as likely to have asthma and ten times more likely to die from asthma than are children from the majority community.
Recently Pope Francis urged top oil executives to commit to efforts for producing clean fuel. What is needed to achieve this “dream”?
I was very happy to see Pope Francis convene top energy and investment executives to agree upon the importance of a price on carbon emissions. To achieve this, there first needs to be a viable alternative to burning and putting pollutants into the air. Fortunately, there is. Renewable energy and other solutions to the climate crisis are now competing economically with fossil fuels. As a result, the big fossil fuel companies are being forced to re-examine their business models. Once the economic question is taken out of the equation then I am hopeful that the moral choice will become starkly clear to many more people and will prevail.
We are in the beginning stages of a global “Sustainability Revolution,” that has the scale and impact of the Industrial Revolution, but the speed of the Digital Revolution. Facilitated by the emergence of new technologies and increasingly informed consumers, sustainable business practices have spread rapidly in the past few years.
As a result of growing social and political pressure — and the rising cost of carbon pollution — governments all around the world are passing legislation to reduce their emissions. At the end of 2017, China established a carbon market, joining the European Union and other countries such as Chile and Colombia who have also now put a price on carbon.
Pope Francis' conference at the Vatican with oil company executives is an extremely encouraging sign that this transition to a sustainable future may quickly be coming a reality rather than a dream. But, we need to move even faster to ensure this transition occurs in time to prevent the worst effects of the climate crisis.
Your Climate Reality Project held its 38th activist training seminar in Berlin from June 26-28. What do you hope will come out of this meeting?
In Berlin, 700 trainees from 50 countries and from all walks of life joined together for three days of intensive training with renowned climate scientists and communicators to learn how they can inspire and lead their communities in taking action to solve the climate crisis. The training included a wide range of open sessions (and many breakout sessions on particular aspects of the crisis and its solutions) all exploring how to raise public awareness of the climate crisis, build support for the practical solutions available to us today, and pressure our representatives to act.
We conducted this training in Berlin at a time when Germany and the EU are particularly experiencing the effects of the climate crisis. Without concerted action by government leaders, such effects are predicted to worsen significantly in coming years. Germany, for example, is in the process of effectively implementing an energy transition away from coal and in doing so, will hopefully serve as a beacon for other nations in the EU to reexamine their own climate action policies.
Climate Reality has trained more than 15,000 activists working in 141 countries. Our previous training was held in Mexico City this past March, and in August we will be hosting another in Los Angeles, CA.
Face unlock is all the rage these days now that Apple has invented it for the iPhone X. Of course, face unlock has existed on Android for years—it just wasn't very good. Some device makers are returning to the concept, among them OnePlus. The OnePlus 5T and new OnePlus 6 have faced unlock, but it's not as secure as other security options. In fact, one owner has shown that a printed photo is enough to bypass OnePlus' face unlock.
As you can see in the video, it only takes a few seconds to get the phone unlocked with a printed photo. It also works with a black and white photo.
I printed my face to unlock my OnePlus 6 for the lulz... it worked ¯_(ツ)_/¯ pic.twitter.com/rAVMq8JKBr — rik (@rikvduijn) May 29, 2018
Anyone who has been an Android user for long enough might remember when Google added face unlock in Android 4.0. It was a neat demo, but we all quickly realized that it was easy to defeat with a photo of the phone's owner. Google added a "liveness test" later that required you to blink, but even that was simple enough to fool with a video or photo animated to "blink." OnePlus doesn't even implement the liveness test because that slows down unlocking.
The problem then (and to this day) is that a regular front-facing camera can't differentiate between a flat surface and a real face. Apple got around this by using an IR dot projector to map faces in 3D. Meanwhile, Samsung's face unlock works together with iris scanning. If the device is unlocked with your face only, you can't access more secure apps and services like Samsung Pay until you verify with a secure method.
OnePlus does include a disclaimer when you configure face unlock, noting that it's less secure than other options. However, it does push face unlock aggressively during the setup process. Our own Ryne Hager tested this workaround and was unable to get the OnePlus 6 unlocked with a black and white photo of middling quality (see above). So, you might need a rather high-quality printer to pull it off. We've reached out to OnePlus for comment and will report back if we hear anything.
Lucasfilm
Warning: Star Wars: The Last Jedi spoilers below
Being a Star Wars fan means coming up with elaborate theories about characters and then arguing good naturedly about your theory of choice ad nauseam until the official story is revealed. Usually said reveal takes the form of a film or television show, occasionally a comic book or novel. But today is particularly weird because it is a toy that will dash a thousand Snoke theories into tiny pieces.
As first reported by ComicBook, Instagram user NewsFromJakku got their hands on a BB-8 toy that unfurls into a First Order throne room. The setup looks eerily similar to Palpatine's throne room in Return of the Jedi, with one major deviation: Snoke is huge!
BB-8 as a Superstar Destroyer playset. #Snoke throne and praetorian guard #StarWars #leak #amazon A post shared by Star Wars News (@newsfromjakku) on Aug 12, 2017 at 8:57am PDT
The first image shows Snoke in the lower left corner along with one of his elite guards. The second photo is a close-up that confirms Snoke is taller than your average human. Significantly taller. Like, could look Chewbacca dead in the eyes tall. The impressive height is slightly offset by the fact that the Supreme Leader is wearing a glorified bath robe, but still. After only seeing the supposed leader of the First Order as a giant hologram in The Force Awakens, having confirmation of Snoke's size is kind of a big deal, as it upends several theories about his origin.
Snoke is definitely not human, so there goes the theory that he's Boba Fett or the reincarnation of Emperor Palpatine*. He's not Luke Skywalker, Mace Windu, Grand Moff Tarkin, or Darth Vader. Being a non-humanoid also wipes out the idea that Rey is Snoke's daughter. The Supreme Leader isn't Darth Maul, a member of Yoda's species, or Ezra Bridger. Snoke's skull structure doesn't match that of the Pau'an or the Muun species, ruling out the Grand Inquisitor and Darth Plagueis, respectively.
*If Palpatine was making clones of himself at the Kamino facility, I suppose he didn't have to make them human.
So what's still in play? Either Snoke is an entirely new character or a shaved Wookiee. Alternately, Darth Plagueis is still a viable option as his character has not been officially introduced in the new canon. Emperor Palpatine's mentor could be of any species, and the return of Thrawn has set precedent for other Legends characters to join the fray. But wherever Snoke came from, it definitely wasn't the womb of a human woman.
If it seems there are a lot more animals in airports — and on airplanes — these days, you're not imagining it.
More than 30 airports around the country now have regular programs that bring certified pet therapy dogs and their handlers into the terminals to mingle with passengers and help ease the stress of traveling.
At both Mineta San Jose International Airport (the first airport to have an official pet therapy program) and Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, they're called the K9 crew. At Los Angeles International Airport the PUP (Pets Unstressing Passengers) team roams the concourses. And at Denver International Airport it's the Canine Airport Therapy Squad (CATS) that welcomes passengers to hug, hang out and get their pictures taken with dogs wearing "Pet Me" vests.
During 2016, some airport pet therapy teams broadened their membership beyond dogs.
Last summer, when passengers were encountering excessively long lines at security checkpoints at many airports around the country, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport began welcoming miniature therapy horses and their handlers to visit several times a month.
And as the winter holiday travel season went into high gear, two airports announced that pigs were joining their pet therapy teams.
LiLou, a Juliana-breed pig, joined San Francisco International Airport's Wag Brigade to add "more moments of surprise and delight for guests at our airport," said Christopher Birch, SFO's Director-Guest Experience, on LiLou's first day on the job.
Lilou, the pig will be at #sfo on 12/26/16 at 12 pm in T3. Please be patient, give her space, and always ask her mom before touching LiLou. pic.twitter.com/nekpaxYxXh — flySFO (@flySFO) December 26, 2016
And a pot-bellied pig named Bacon Bits is now part of Albany International Airport's Canine Ambassador program.
More animals in the air
Of course, not all the animals you see in airport terminals these days are just there to be petted.
According to the American Pet Products Association, there are around 77 million pet dogs and 85 million pet cats in the United States — and a growing number of their owners take them along when they travel by air.
And when they fly as carry-on passengers in the cabin, those pets need to have tickets.
On Alaska Airlines and JetBlue, the domestic fee for a pet in the cabin is $100 each way. On American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United Airlines, its $125 each way. Frontier Airlines charges $75 each way, and on Southwest the fee is $95 each way.
In some cases, more than one small pet can travel in a pet carrier (and avoid an extra fee), but some airlines will tack on an extra fee if there's a stopover of more than four hours.
Snakes on a plane?
The costs to take a pet on a plane can add up, which may be part of the reason an increasing number of passengers are claiming that their animals aren't just pets but official service or "emotional support" animals which, by law, get to fly for free.
Like Frontier Airlines, which had an issue earlier this year with a passenger's emotional support marmoset, each airline website lists very specific conditions under which they will accept service animals or therapeutic/emotional support animals on their plane.
An official identification card and/or a written statement from a mental health professional is usually required, but many websites make it easy for pet owners to acquire 'fake' documentation — for a fee.
"It doesn't matter if it's a duck or a mini horse, as long as a passenger has the correct paperwork, they're allowed to fly with an emotional support animal and nobody can say anything about it," said veteran flight attendant Heather Poole, author of Cruising Attitude.
Poole says it's not a flight attendant's job to determine which passengers are flying with true support animals or which ones have simply secured paperwork to avoid paying a fee for their pet to fly, but "I can spot a fake emotional support animal a mile away," said Poole. "It's usually growling or barking at other support animals. That, or it's dressed nicer than its owner."
2017 may bring changes — or at least some clarification — in how airlines and passengers define service or emotional support animals.
While noting that its ACCESS Advisory Committee was unable to reach agreement on updated rules regarding service animals, the U.S. Department of Transportation recently said it intends to draft its own rules.
"The guide dog and animal training groups all agree this is a problem, so does the community," said Eric Lipp of the Open Doors Organization. "One solution floated is to have a national registry and certification for service animals so they are given ID. The DOT could also fine a passenger and make big news. That would help, but who wants to do that?"
DETROIT — The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
The tour said Wednesday that the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a Donald Ross design.
As part of the deal, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer, the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation.
Michigan had the Buick Open from 1958 through 2009, a tournament that Woods won three times.
The bulbous Kobudai fish in Japan are able to change sex when it reaches a certain age and weight – sequence director Rachel Butler reveals how they captured this peculiar behaviour
One of Blue Planet II episode one's strangest sequences takes place in the waters off Japan. The bizarre-looking Kobudai fish, also known as the Asian Sheepshead Wrasse, has a very special ability.
Advertisement
Females, once they reach a certain age, are able to change sex. Sequence director Rachel Butler explains how they filmed this remarkable transformation – and why it happens…
We filmed them near Sado island off the west coast of Japan. There is a large wreck just off-shore which is in a protected area. It's about 30m down and these fish have taken up residence.
The water was very dark and there were often strong currents coming through. They would come out of the gloom and they would really surprise you. You'd be filming near a porthole and they'd just swim out of the wreck. Those big males were pretty grotesque. We called them the Shrek fish because their heads looked far too big for their bodies.
We spent three weeks filming them looking at how temperature affects behaviour. In Japan the cue for mating, and for females to start trying to become males, is 16 degrees Celsius which is normally in June and it's only about two-three week window each year.
If there are a lot of dominant males then the female fish doesn't change sex. But if a male is starting to lose his hold on the group, and the social demographic allows it to happen, then a female of a certain age and size can turn into a male. The female hormones switch off and male hormones start to move through the body – Japanese scientists believe it can happen in a matter of weeks. The reason they do it is all to do with succession – they're likely to produce more offspring as a male than as a female.
The males have big chins and heads and when they're mating their jowls wobble. It's not a great look, but fascinating nonetheless.
Advertisement
Interview by Terry Payne
By JOSH BALL
Associated Press
HAMILTON, Bermuda (AP) - A Pennsylvania college student who disappeared following a rugby tournament in Bermuda was found dead Monday after an intensive search of the British island territory.
Searchers found the body of Mark Dombroski, 19, at the base of a colonial-era fort in a park not far from where he was last seen walking by himself on CCTV footage, officials with the Bermuda Police Service said at a news conference.
A cause of death was not released but forensic experts were still processing the scene where his body was found and an autopsy was planned, said Acting Commissioner James Howard.
"Bermuda Police Service extends our heartfelt condolences to his family and friends," Howard said after a day of searching that included local authorities, volunteers and Dombroski's family.
Dombroski was a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia and had come to Bermuda to compete in a tournament. He disappeared early Sunday, with video footage showing him walking alone and looking at his phone as he left a bar where his friends had gathered.
He was found at the base of Fort Prospect in a wooded area known as the arboretum and near an athletic center where the team had played during the tournament.
Dombroski's family rushed to the island to join the search and retrace his steps.
"We dearly love our son, we cherish our son. ... We want him back," his mother, Lisa Dombroski, said at a news conference with police officials. "We thank the citizens of Bermuda. People have been with us shoulder to shoulder throughout this ordeal."
Detective Sgt. Jason Smith said there's no evidence Dombroski was drunk, or that alcohol played a role in his disappearance.
Lisa Dombroski speculated her son, who had hurt his shoulder in a game that day and wasn't feeling well, had simply wanted to call it a night. She said the surveillance footage showed him favoring his arm.
"He wasn't in a celebratory kind of mood," Lisa Dombroski said. "He wanted to get back."
___
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed from Pennsylvania.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — A California man who spent 15 years in prison for shaking his baby to death was freed Saturday, one day after a judge set aside his conviction.
Zavion Johnson, 34, walked out of the Sacramento County jail, where he was being held while his court case was heard. He had been serving a sentence of 25 years to life at a state prison in Vacaville.
Johnson was “both loving and trying to adjust to freedom,” said his attorney, Paige Kaneb with the Northern California Innocence Project at Santa Clara University School of Law.
Johnson was convicted of second-degree murder in the 2001 death of his daughter, Nadia.
At trial, more than a dozen witnesses described him as a gentle and caring father.
Johnson testified that he accidentally dropped the 4-month-old in the bathtub while rinsing her off in the shower. She hit her head and later stopped breathing, he said.
Medical experts testified that the girl had a fractured skull and said her injuries were evidence of abuse.
However, two prosecution experts later repudiated some of their testimony and said that based on new scientific views, the evidence didn't clearly rule out an accident.
On Friday, a state judge set aside Johnson's conviction.
“I'm hoping for a positive future — for my life to begin,” Johnson said in a statement released by his attorneys after that ruling.
Johnson will remain free while prosecutors decide whether to seek a new trial.
His is among a nationwide series of recent legal challenges to what used to be accepted evidence of “shaken baby syndrome.”
At least 14 people nationwide had already been exonerated since 2011 in shaken baby cases, attorneys said, citing the National Registry of Exonerations. Northwestern University's Medill Justice Project said in 2015 that there were more than 3,000 shaken baby syndrome cases nationwide, though attorneys said it's not clear how many might have resulted in wrongful convictions.
“Research and scientific studies conducted after the date of Zavion Johnson's trial have altered the opinions of the prosecution experts,” Sacramento County Chief Deputy District Attorney Steve Grippi said in a statement Friday. “A prosecutor's duty is not simply to win cases but to ensure that each defendant is accorded procedural justice and guilt is decided upon the basis of sufficient evidence.”
Johnson's attorneys have already filed a motion seeking to have any new charges dismissed at his next hearing on Jan. 19, based on a lack of evidence beyond the experts' medical testimony.
Struggling brick-and-mortar retailers could get some breathing room this holiday season — but will shopper confidence be enough to stave off bankruptcies in the beleaguered retail sector?
So far this season, strategic discounting has encouraged shoppers to buy everything from sweaters to speakers, and analysts are optimistic that stores will be able to avoid the kind of sweeping price cuts that have eroded profits in prior years.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Online retailers win the holiday shopping war 2:25 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“I think retailers all walked away from the weekend saying they can breathe a sigh of relief,” said Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at The NPD Group. “The good news is, when you have a good Black Friday, retailers aren't pressed to have to get into promotion mode too soon.”
The years following the Great Recession conditioned consumers to expect discounts, and retailers initially sacrificed their profit margins just to move merchandise. In the ensuing years, they have fine-tuned their inventory management and pricing strategies, and have learned how to contend with the greater pricing transparency that e-commerce players like Amazon have introduced.
“Price sensitivity has been driven by the visibility across channels. When people have access to price-check everything, you've kind of eliminated the higher starting price,” said Frank Layo, managing director at Kurt Salmon, part of Accenture Strategy.
Related: Is Black Friday more about the 'sport' than the sales?
“Americans love at least the perception of a bargain, and in some cases, they are getting a bargain,” said Bankrate.com senior economic analyst, Mark Hamrick.
“Black Friday weekend promotions were pretty similar to last year. We didn't really see big changes. Cyber Monday we did see a subtle increase in the year over year discounts, a little bit more aggressive, but I think a lot of that was planned,” said Joe Feldman, senior managing director at the Telsey Advisory Group. “If promotions are planned, you're OK.”
“The general trend feels like there are fewer people having to pull the discount lever to generate traffic,” Layo said. “It seems like people are comfortable with the organic traffic that has shown up this year.”
Analysts do caution there is the chance that this “Christmas creep” is just pulling spending earlier in the season — and they point out that there are still at least two weeks to go.
“A strong start doesn't necessarily mean a strong finish,” Feldman said.
With a good Black Friday weekend under their belt, Cohen added that retailers' risk now is complacency. “While it's a good indication of the potential for things to come, it doesn't necessarily guarantee great results,” he said. “We still have a lot of shopping to go.”
If stores can hold the line on promotions, the other bullet they will need to dodge is unexpected shipping costs, since free shipping, particularly free two-day shipping, has become an expectation on the part of shoppers. In previous years, retailers who miscalculated demand were forced to pay higher shipping costs that ate into profits. This year, some analysts predict that retailers will begin shrinking their window for offering this perk to keep costs down.
“Look for free shipping to continue through the middle of December,” Cohen said.
It's a good sign when we're buying for ourselves
Looking ahead, some experts did express reservations that a blowout holiday season could create problems in early 2018.
“Early in the new year there might be a spending hangover where sales are essentially being pulled forward,” Hamrick said. “That could have implications for retailers of all kinds, not just brick-and-mortar.”
But for now, most analysts say this holiday season looks to be a bright spot for the retail sector — especially since Black Friday sales indicate that shoppers were buying for themselves.
“What's really helped them get off to an early start is a lot of self-purchasing went on,” Cohen said. “That leaves room for retailers to have a good holiday because we haven't really gotten into gifting mode yet,” he said.
“Historically, the mood and the atmosphere where the economy is at right now, it feels like this season should be a decent one,” Feldman said. “I think there is a different level of optimism this year. In people's attitudes about where the economy is, there's this feeling that things are a little better.”
Credit: Bill Menzel/Latino Sports
Bronx, NY – Rafael Devers got hold of the Aroldis Chapman heater and the ball went deep to left center field in the Boston Red Sox bullpen. It was only the second home run that Chapman has allowed in his career to a left handed hitter in a regular season or postseason game.
And that fourth blown save of the season for Chapman was the difference, and the home run was the deciding point for the Red Sox Sunday night in a 3-2 over the New York Yankees in the Bronx. It was also a blow to the New York as they dropped two of three to the Red Sox this weekend and trail the division leaders by 5.5 games.
This was the finale of three games, for now with the two rivals. But the division could be decided in the next few weeks as the Yankees and Red Sox have three more games between them in the next week, and six games in this 10-game stretch for the Yankees are against Boston. Sandwiched in between is the four-game home-and-home Subway Series with the crosstown Mets.
Chapman said he was fine. It was just a pitch that Devers hit and the rookie has hit safely in 12 of his last 15 games.
“He made one mistake,” said manager Joe Girardi “Definitely a frustrating loss. He's our closer.” However, after throwing 26 pitches, 18 of them for strikes, Chapman may not be available Monday night. David Robertson and Dellin Betances, part of the big three out of the Yankees pen will be available and before Chapman they worked a combined 2-⅔ innings of scoreless relief.
Prior to the bullpen taking over, lefthander Jordan Montgomery may have had his best start, He threw first pitch strikes and limited Boston to a run on two hits. His 5.1 innings were good enough as the scheduled starter CC Sabathia was put on the 10-day disabled list with inflammation to his right knee.
“Took him out for the pitch count,” said Girardi. “He got a lot of strikes with the slider.”
And it was the pitching of Red Sox lefthander Chris Sale that also kept the Yankees off the bases. He,also threw first pitch strikes and after 7.0 innings, a run, 4-hits and 12 strikeouts it was a no decision and the bullpen gave up the tying run in the eighth inning.
Sale became the first lefthander to have 10 strikeouts or more in 26 starts. The last to do that was Hall of Famer Randy Johnson with the Diamondbacks in 2001.
Said Sale, “It's good you come up here and win the series. This is what you play for, the important games this time of year. Felt it was the best command I had in a long time.” And on the game winning and decisive home run that was hit, Sale said, “can't help but take in the moment in a game like this.”
It was that type of game, and when the Yankees and Red Sox meet this is supposed to be expected. Boston feels they are in command, as good as the pitches were Sunday night from Sale. Now the Yankees have to fight the deficit though they still have a minimal lead for the first AL wildcard.
But the Yankees wanted this series and now they await the Mets for two in the Bronx.
Miami Marlins introduce Chip Bowers as new president of business operations Miami Marlins introduce Chip Bowers as new president of business operations on Feb. 13, 2018. David Santiago Miami Herald ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Marlins introduce Chip Bowers as new president of business operations on Feb. 13, 2018. David Santiago Miami Herald
The Mint Hill Historical Society is hosting its first rodeo in the town, with high hopes for more to come.
The South Carolina High School Rodeo Association will hold a rodeo Friday and Saturday evenings, April 21 and 22, just off Exit 44 I-485 in Mint Hill. It will be one of the last competitions before the state finals at Clemson University next month.
Thirty acres of land off Bartlett Road, just down from Mint Hill Veteran's Park on N.C. 218, will be turned into a western paradise with a competition size ring, horses, bulls, calves, clowns, cowboy boots and hats, music, and food and merchandise vendors.
The South Carolina High School Rodeo Association, a nonprofit organization, will retain the entry fees to provide scholarships for its members.
The Mint Hill Historical Society, also a nonprofit, will keep the gate fees as well as the sponsorships collected beforehand. They will use that money to help raise a large barn, a welcome addition to the Carl J. McEwen Historic Village.
Mint Hill Historical Society executive director Becky Griffin says the new structure will be used for larger tour groups as well as rented out for weddings and other events.
Just as with barn raisings of old, Griffin says the entire town is pitching in to make it happen.
“I would say 90 percent of the people that our board members approached about sponsorships responded positively. And when they sent in their ads we got pictures of bucking broncos, wanted signs, all sorts of fun things. They are just so supportive and so excited,” said Griffin.
Board member Judy McWhirter and her husband, James, stepped forward months ago, volunteering use of their land. Griffin said that was the first big hurdle to cross because they needed a large tract in order to hold the event.
The Town of Mint Hill installed a rolling gate at the property to enable cars to enter and exit more efficiently. Sunbelt Rental is providing the lighting free of charge. RCS is setting up portable toilets.
Griffin Masonry is hauling in potable water for the animals and has lent equipment and manpower to help prepare the site and set up the ring.
Elders and sisters from local congregations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints also helped with site prep, marked off parking and eradicated fire ants.
During the two days of the event, members of Altrusa International will be present to do whatever is needed and the Future Farmers of America from Independence High School will help direct parking.
It's a large undertaking for the Mint Hill Historical Society and has been more than a year in the making, but board member Bob Roland says the group is ready.
“It's new to us but we've done our homework and it seems to be all coming together,” said Roland.
Lori Peyton, national director of the South Carolina High School Rodeo Association, grew up and still lives in Marshville, She competed in the South Carolina rodeos when she was younger and has served on its board for the last 21 years.
She now she leads the group and her son, Cooper, competes in the Youth division for grades K-5.
Peyton met Griffin at a Christmas party a few years ago and the idea of a rodeo fundraiser for the Mint Hill Historical Society was hatched. Now, she says, her group, which boasts almost 100 athletes from both Carolinas, is excited to compete in a more metropolitan area than they normally do.
She promises the “city” crowd that they will not be disappointed.
“I think spectators will be very surprised at the quality of the rodeo and shocked at the level of athleticism,” said Peyton.
As for Griffin, she can't wait.
“We had some horse shows in Mint Hill back in the 1960s, but nothing like this,” said Griffin.
“I think this rodeo has generated more excitement in Mint Hill than anything I've ever seen. And I've lived here for 50 years.”
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
He has a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
Was it m@nk3yP@$$w01rd or m0nk3yp@ssw0!rd?
**#@$%!!
For 20 years, the standard advice for creating a "strong" password that is hard to crack has been to use a mix of letters, numbers and symbols.
It's so ingrained that when you go to create a new email account you'll frequently get praising or finger-wagging feedback from the computer on how well your secret code adheres to these guidelines.
And you're supposed to change it every 90 days.
Now, the man who laid down these widely followed rules says he got it all wrong.
“Much of what I did I now regret," Bill Burr, a 72-year-old retired former manager at the National Institute of Standards and Technology told the Wall Street Journal.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed The Secret to a Strong Password: Length 0:55 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
In 2003, the then-mid-level NIST manager was tasked with the job of setting rules for effective passwords. Without much to go on he sourced a whitepaper written in the 1980s. The rules his agency published ended up becoming the go-to guides for major institutions and large companies.
The result is that people create odd-looking passwords and then have to write them down, which is of course less secure than something you can memorize. Users also lean on common substitutions, like "zeroes" for the letter O, which a smart hacker could program their password cracker to look for. Or they pick one "base" password that they can memorize and only change a single number. That's also not as safe.
“It just drives people bananas and they don't pick good passwords no matter what you do,” Burr said.
The new password guidelines are both easier to remember, and harder to guess. The NIST's revised tips say users should pick a string of simple English words — and only be forced to change them if there's been evidence of a security break-in.
Not only did the old password format frustrate users, it wasn't even the best way to keep hackers at bay.
For instance, "Tr0ub4dor&3" could take just three days to crack, according to one viral comic whose assertions have been verified by security researchers, while "CorrectHorseBatteryStaple" could take 550 years.
Israel's minister of public security says a prominent Palestinian prisoner has been placed in solitary confinement for inciting a large-scale hunger strike.
Gilad Erdan tells Israel's Army Radio Tuesday that Marwan Barghouti was punished for “instigating mutiny and leading the hunger strike.”
Activists said more than 1,500 of about 6,500 Palestinian security prisoners joined the open-ended protest. The strikers' immediate demands included better conditions and more contact with relatives.
Barghouti was arrested in 2002 during the second Palestinian uprising and convicted on multiple counts of murder. Israel charged him with directing suicide bombings and he was sentenced to five life terms.
Erdan says the prisoners receive all privileges required by international law. He said the strike was part of an internal Palestinian struggle for power.
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli). Sacramento Kings center Willie Cauley-Stein, left, and Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry go for the ball during the first quarter of an NBA basketball game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif.
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli). Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry, right, drives to the basket against Sacramento Kings guard George Hill during the first quarter of an NBA basketball game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif.
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli). Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry goes to the basket as Sacramento Kings forward Zach Randolph, left and Warriors center Zaza Pachulia watch during the second quarter of an NBA basketball game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, ...
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli). Sacramento Kings center Willie Cauley-Stein, right, goes to the basket against Golden State Warriors forward Kevin Durant during the first quarter of an NBA basketball game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif.
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli). Golden State Warriors forward Kevin Durant goes to the basket over Sacramento Kings' Justin Jackson, left, and Willie Cauley-Stein during the first quarter of an NBA basketball game Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif.
By MICHAEL WAGAMAN
Associated Press
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - Stephen Curry said it's understandable that the Golden State Warriors are easing up a bit as the All-Star break approaches.
The two-time NBA MVP also realizes it's critical that the defending champs push through the tough times.
Kevin Durant scored 13 of his 33 points in the fourth quarter and matched his season-high with six 3-pointers, and the Warriors held on to beat the Sacramento Kings 119-104 on Friday night.
"You can see the light at the end of the tunnel for a little refresher but at the end of day we've got work to do to get to that break so we have to find a way," Curry said. "If we don't build the right habits and have the right spirit around our team going into the break, that could carry over and you don't want to have that kind of negative energy around the team."
Three nights after getting blown out in Utah while suffering their worst loss of the season, the Warriors looked a little sluggish early before pulling away to even the season series with Sacramento and give coach Steve Kerr his 248th career victory.
Golden State also improved to 11-0 in games following losses while spoiling Sacramento coach Dave Joeger's return to the bench.
"When we lose our guys get a little angry and then their talent takes over," Kerr said. "Nothing magical about it."
It wasn't easy keeping that streak going.
Sacramento trailed by 14 before pulling to 89-88 with 7:55 remaining following three consecutive baskets by Buddy Hield.
Omri Casspi stopped the slide for the Warriors with a driving layup, Draymond Green added a three-point play and Nick Young made a 3-pointer. Durant then scored the next 10 points for Golden State, including back-to-back 3s.
The Warriors committed 25 turnovers but the Kings rarely took advantage and finished with 19 points off the miscues.
"It's a lot of stuff that we can correct," Durant said. "Stick to our fundamentals and we'll cut those turnovers down. But for the most part I like where our defense was."
Curry added 23 points and six assists, Klay Thompson scored 20 points and Green had 13 points, nine rebounds and six assists for Golden State.
Both teams were playing the front end of back-to-back games.
Durant, who missed an easy uncontested layup on a drive from the baseline, fueled the win despite sitting out much of the first half following Golden State's slow start. He scored 15 points in the second quarter on 6-for-7 shooting, had a key three-point play early in the fourth and then helped the Warriors close out the win late.
Zach Randolph had 18 points and seven rebounds, Justin Jackson scored 17 and De'Aaron Fox added 16 point and six assists for Sacramento.
Joerger, who was called for a technical in the fourth quarter, returned after briefly dropping to his knees during Sunday's game in San Antonio. Joerger missed the remainder of that game and did not coach in New Orleans on Thursday.
"It was a good game," Joerger said. "I was propping up my beverage over there to keep me hydrated."
DEEP AND DEEPER
The Warriors won another lopsided game despite being without Shaun Livingston (personal reasons), Jordan Bell (left ankle), Andre Igoudala (rest) and David West (rest).
"That's just the beauty of having a deep team," Durant said. "We could give guys like (Kevon) Looney and Omri (Caspi) and Patty (McCaw) those minutes. It's an opportunity for the young guys to step up. It's only going to make us better as a group."
TIP-INS
Warriors: It wasn't the crispest of games but it was a much better effort than Golden State had in their 129-99 loss to Utah. Most encouraging for Kerr's team was that they rallied after falling behind by double digits early in the first, with the comeback coming while four of the starters were on the bench. That depth continues to be the Warriors the best weapon.
Kings: Sacramento had a chance to take control early in the game but couldn't sustain the early momentum. The defense, which helped start the comeback in the fourth, fell apart late and allowed the Warriors to shoot 55 percent for the game.
UP NEXT
Warriors: At Denver on Saturday.
Kings: Host Dallas on Saturday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
