SINGAPORE/LONDON (Reuters) - Brewing groups including Thai Beverage, Anheuser-Busch InBev and Kirin Holdings are gearing up to bid for a stake in Vietnam's largest brewer, Sabeco, people familiar with the matter said, with the $5 billion sale process by the government opening this week.
FILE PHOTO: Men drink Sabeco's Saigon beer on a roadside restaurant in Hanoi, Vietnam November 29, 217. REUTERS/Kham/File Photo
The auction of up to 54 percent of Sabeco, in what is set to be Vietnam's biggest privatisation, offers brewers access to a fast-growing market with a youthful population and beer drinking culture.
Sabeco is seen as attractive as assets are scarce in a highly consolidated global beer market.
Thai Bev, controlled by tycoon Charoen Sirivadhanabhakdi, is shaping up as a strong contender, the people said, as it is familiar with the Vietnam system and sees Sabeco as key to expanding outside its home market.
“They have been around this situation for many years and are very keen to get this asset,” said one of the people, none of whom wanted to be named as they are not authorised to speak to the media.
Last month, a Thai Bev unit bought a 49 percent stake in a Vietnamese company which, the people said, could be used as a vehicle to bid for Sabeco as a domestic player, giving it an advantage over international rivals.
Thai Bev had no immediate comment, but said in October it was keen to grow through acquisitions in markets such as Vietnam. Firms controlled by Sirivadhanabhakdi also hold a 19 percent stake in Vietnam's Vinamilk.
A spokeswoman for AB InBev, the world's biggest brewer, said the company was committed to Vietnam and to growing its business for the long-term. A spokesman for Japan's Kirin said it was carefully considering its options.
Other potential bidders include Asahi Group Holdings, San Miguel and Heineken, though several people said Heineken already had a strong business in Vietnam and could sit out an expensive auction that values Sabeco at about 36 times core earnings - more than double the trading multiples of around 15 for some global brewers, according to Reuters data.
Heineken, which already owns 5 percent of Sabeco, did not respond to requests for comment.
Bottles of beer move along a production line at a factory of Saigon Beer Corporation (Sabeco) in Hanoi, Vietnam June 23, 2017. Picture taken June 23, 2017. REUTERS/Kham
Asahi could not be immediately reached for comment, but the Japanese firm's president told Reuters in September it was studying Sabeco.
San Miguel's president Ramon Ang said the Philippine conglomerate was interested to bid for Sabeco. Kirin owns around half of its affiliate San Miguel Brewery.
The Sabeco auction is on Dec. 18, and bidders who are keen to own a stake equal to 25 percent or more of Sabeco's shares need to inform local authorities a week before the auction.
OWNERSHIP CAP
Foreign ownership in Sabeco is limited to 49 percent.That means overseas bidders can only bid for a minority stake of as much as 39 percent as foreign entities already own 10 percent.
Lack of control could put off some possible bidders, the people said.
“Having control of the business is very important for these international brewers because the multiple is very high. If you're going to pay that much you want to be able to institute your plans,” said one of the people, who expected international firms to sell their own premium beers like Budweiser, Heineken and Kirin through Sabeco's distribution network, in addition to Sabeco's beers, which include the Bia Saigon and 333 brands.
Vietnam's Ministry of Industry and Trade, which represents state shares in Sabeco, said foreign investors can link with Vietnamese firms to buy Sabeco shares, but have to comply with local laws and regulations.
Sabeco's share price has nearly tripled since its listing a year ago, with analysts citing a small float as inflating its market value.
The brewer's sky-high valuations and a complicated sale process could pose challenges for some potential bidders, the people said.
The Sabeco sale could also set the pace for peer Habeco, in which Danish brewer Carlsberg A/S owns 17.3 percent.
* Yen reaction muted to special BOJ buying operation
* Dollar index not far from three-year low
* Strong manufacturing survey underpins euro
* U.S. jobs report in focus later on Friday
By Lisa Twaronite
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The dollar nursed losses against a basket of currencies on Friday and was on track for a weekly fall as investors focused on renewed economic strength in the eurozone.
The yen, meanwhile, largely shrugged off a special bond purchase operation by the Bank of Japan to stem the rise in Japanese bond yields which had tracked their global peers higher.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was nearly flat on the day at 88.701 , holding above a three-year low of 88.429 set one week ago but still down 0.4 percent for the week.
The yield on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasuries reached a high of 2.797 percent early on Friday, probing its highest levels since April 2014.
“It's kind of counterintuitive. You'd think that with rates up, the dollar would be up, but investors are focusing their interest elsewhere,” such as further evidence that the European economy is picking up, said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
A survey released on Thursday showed eurozone manufacturing continued to boom last month, supporting expectations that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy.
The euro edged down 0.1 percent on the day to $1.2499 , but remained within sight of last week's 3-year high of $1.2538. For the week, it was up 0.6 percent.
Against its Japanese counterpart, the dollar was slightly higher on the day at 109.50, holding above a four-month nadir of 108.28 hit a week ago.
On Friday, the BOJ offered to buy an unlimited amount of JGBs with more than five to ten years left to maturity at 2 basis points above the previous close, which is 0.110 percent -- the same level at which it has offered similar unlimited buying in the past.
The BOJ also increased the amount of its planned buying in five- to 10-year JGBs to 450 billion yen from the previous 410 billion, an amount it had kept since late August.
Foreign exchange markets were largely unfazed by the Japanese central bank's move. The dollar drifted to its session low of 109.28 yen shortly afterward, before pushing higher.
“The BOJ's move today didn't have much of a forex market impact, as many market participants don't believe the BOJ wants to further expand its balance sheet,” said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
“So today's announcement does not have much power to lift the dollar,” he said.
Later on Friday, investors will be watching the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for January, for the latest clues on the strength of the U.S. labour market.
Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
The U.S. Federal Reserve left its benchmark interest rate unchanged on Wednesday, though many market participants expect a rate hike in March.
The U.S. central bank has forecast three rate increases this year, the same as in 2017.
Singapore's national water agency PUB said in an advisory on Friday that a higher than usual tide level of 3.4m is expected on Saturday. It added that if the high tide coincides with heavy rainfall it may lead to flash floods.
PUB expects the tide at around 12.45 pm and said that the tide levels of 3m and above are considered higher than normal. "During the high tide periods, canals and drains which lead to the sea and are therefore influenced by tides, will see high water levels. Seawater may also overflow from the drains and flood the roads," the advisory said.
According to PUB, flash floods may occur in low-lying coastal areas in the eastern part of Singapore such as Jalan Seaview, Meyer Road, Fort Road and Tanjong Rhu if it rains heavily along with high tide.
Singapore will witness higher than usual tides for the second time in two days. On Friday noon, the tide level of 3.44m caused seawater to flow through the roadside drain onto the junction of Amber Road and Mountbatten Road.
PUB said that the water levels on the affected stretch of road subsided at about 1 pm.
"We advise the public to exercise care should flash floods occur, and avoid stepping into or driving into any flooded areas," PUB said.
For further update regarding high tide and flash floods, the public can visit the official Facebook page of PUB and MyWaters app.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, Singapore experienced an unusual weather with hail stones falling in several parts of the state.
On Jan 24, flash floods were reported in the Western and Central parts of Singapore after heavy rain. PUB had said that flash floods had occurred in two locations, including Jalan Boon Lay/International Road and Craig Road.
In a recent weather forecast, the National Environment Agency (NEA) had said that Singapore will witness overcast and windy conditions with periods of moderate to heavy rainfall in coming weeks. The daily temperature is expected to range between 22º Centigrade and 28º C. The north-east monsoon that the country is experiencing at present is expected to last till March.
Cartwright to debut, O'Keefe in as second spinner
Australia have already wrapped the series.
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017, 10:24 IST
Hilton Cartwright will make his debut on Tuesday
SYDNEY (Reuters) - All-rounder Hilton Cartwright will make his debut for Australia in the dead rubber third test against Pakistan in Sydney on Tuesday, with left-armer Steve O'Keefe returning to the side as a second spinner alongside Nathan Lyon.
Cartwright, who has a batting average close to 45 in first class cricket, can also bowl medium pace and replaces Nic Maddinson in the side after the left-hander scored just 27 runs in his four innings in the series.
Captain Smith said 24-year-old batting all-rounder Cartwright had improved his bowling considerably over the last year and therefore would be used to ease the workload of frontline quicks Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood.
"I remember facing him a little while ago and I think since then he's probably gained 10kph and got a lot more consistent with his areas," Smith told reporters at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
"It just adds a little bit to the bowling stocks, and he deserves an opportunity to play at number six. I guess how much we'll use him will depend on how the game goes."
O'Keefe will replace pace bowler Jackson Bird in the only other change from the side that wrapped up the three-match series with a game to spare at the Melbourne Cricket Ground last week.
The 32-year-old edged out fellow left-arm spinner Ashton Agar, who had also been recalled to the squad, as the second slow-bowling option behind Lyon for the match at the SCG, which has typically produced slow, turning wickets.
"I thought (Bird) bowled particularly well in Melbourne but, look, conditions sometimes change the team," Smith said.
"So, yeah, we've gone with two spinners on this occasion and it's unlucky for Jackson. I thought he did bowl very well last week and he continues to improve."
O'Keefe has played three previous tests, including the Sydney game last year against West Indies, but was injured on the tour of Sri Lanka earlier this year.
Australia: David Warner, Matthew Renshaw, Usman Khawaja, Steve Smith (captain), Peter Handscomb, Hilton Cartwright, Matthew Wade, Mitchell Starc, Steve O'Keefe, Josh Hazlewood, Nathan Lyon
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury/Nick Mulvenney in Wellington; Editing by Larry Fine/Sudipto Ganguly)
Analysis Friday morning, as expected, the US House Intelligence Committee released a four-page memo outlining what it claims is evidence that the Department of Justice (DoJ) and the FBI illegally requested that a former advisor to President Trump be put under surveillance.
The document [PDF] has been the source of frenzied attention and commentary in Washington DC for the past week, not least because it implies that there was a political motive behind the surveillance of Donald's foreign policy advisor Carter Page.
If true, the memo would also implicate senior officials at the DoJ and FBI as having abused their extraordinary powers in order to undermine a presidential campaign: an unprecedented attempt to usurp the democratic process.
There's only one problem: the memo is not worth the paper it's printed on.
Not that it is entirely worthless. It does do two useful things: for one, it puts a spotlight on the secretive and questionable process by which US officials are able to order to broad surveillance on any American citizen, and have that surveillance renewed every 90 days with what, from the outside, looks like insufficient scrutiny.
Second, the memo will serve as an intriguing contemporary document for how the United States government itself got sucked into the era of fake news: an era where a string of tangentially related pseudo-facts can be pulled together and used to promote a false conspiracy. And have people take it seriously.
We have our first Congressionally approved Roswell. It is both extraordinary and deeply embarrassing.
Quick summary
A quick overview of the memo, which was produced by House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes (R-CA):
It describes the DoJ and FBI-approved surveillance of Carter Page, a former foreign policy advisor to the Trump presidential campaign.
That surveillance of Page – basically the legal right to intercept and read/listen to any and all of his communications – was approved thanks to legislation known as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), approved by a secret court called the FISA Court.
Such a surveillance order has to be renewed every 90 days, and the memo focuses on when it was renewed on October 21, 2016 – at the height of the presidential campaign.
The memo claims the FBI relied heavily on the so-called Steele dossier – an extraordinary series of claims and allegations that Donald Trump had been compromised by Russian intelligence services, put together by former British spy Christopher Steele – in order to get Page's surveillance extended.
The memo then questions the credibility of both Steele and his dossier, noting that his investigation was in part financed by the Democratic National Committee and quoting Steele saying that he was opposed to Donald Trump becoming president.
The memo notes that the application to extend surveillance on Page also mentions another former Trump campaign advisor - George Papadopoulos – and references a different FBI probe sparked by information supplied by Papadopoulos, which has also been subject to extensive scrutiny over perceived political bias.
While the memo doesn't outright state it, the strong implication is that top officials at the DoJ and FBI knowingly used questionable information in order to extend surveillance on a key member of the Trump presidential campaign.
The further implication, by referencing Steele's alleged comment that he was "desperate that Donald Trump not get elected" and by noting that FBI agent Pete Strzok was in charge of the unrelated Papadopoulos investigation – text messages from Strzok have revealed that he was also opposed to Trump becoming president – is that there was a concerted effort to undermine the Trump campaign. An effort that used the extraordinary spying powers granted to law enforcement.
Hatchet
The truth is, though, that the memo amounts to little more than a hatchet job. It should be on the pages of an alt-right blog or a Mail Online comment section, not released as an official document of the Congressional House Intelligence Committee.
The curious thing about the Nunes memo is that it doesn't actually accuse the FBI or DOJ of violating any particular law. There are legal standards for warrant applications, material omissions, etc., but it doesn't reference them. — Brad Heath (@bradheath) February 2, 2018
What makes this all the more remarkable is that the memo covers the secretive world of counter-intelligence and FISA spying powers: a subject that until now has been so religiously shielded by law enforcement, the White House, and Congress that it has only been possible to piece together an outline of how it all works.
In that respect, as concerned citizens who have seen classified documentation released by Edward Snowden and witnessed the shameful barrage of lies puts out by this nation's top security officials when asked about their spying programs, this memo is welcome. It is yet another document that gives us a peek behind the curtains.
And that peek has – yet again – given us cause to question the official version of events.
What does it take for the FISA Court to approve a 90-day extension covering complete surveillance of an individual? Well, we now know that the FBI supplied the court with the Steele dossier in order to argue for Page's continued surveillance.
Given that Christopher Steele was a former head of MI6's Russian branch, and that Carter Page was a key intermediary in a series of secret meetings between the Trump campaign and the Russian government, snooping on Page would appear to be a reasonable use of extraordinary foreign spying powers.
It's worth remembering one detail of the Steele dossier: that Page and his associates were given an extraordinary offer of 19 per cent of Russian oil and gas company Rosneft in return for sanctions being lifted by the US government – and he reacted favorably, allegedly. Page, we must make clear, runs a consultancy biz in New York that brokers energy deals with Russian and central Asian organizations.
How it works
Frankly, provided with credible information that that was the case, the US authorities would be failing in their jobs if they hadn't put Page under surveillance. He has not been charged with any suspected crimes.
But what is extraordinary is that, according to the Nunes memo, the FBI also included a media report – written by Yahoo! News – about Page and his business links with Russia as a backup source when going to the FISA Court for permission to snoop on Page.
What the FBI appeared not to have known at the time, but which has since emerged, is that the source of that Yahoo! News story was in fact Christopher Steele, who had secretly briefed several media outlets on his material.
The memo makes big play of this information – suggesting it shows Steele cannot be trusted, and implying that the Feds are either incompetent in not knowing that the Yahoo! story was based on Steele's information, or that it did know and misled the court to get the extension. The article is not much of a second source to the Steele dossier if the story was sourced from Steele, is the argument.
Here, the memo arguably has a valid point. Why did the FBI feel the need to include a Yahoo! News story at all? Was it a second-source requirement of the FISA Court? The Feds have troves of intelligence at their fingertips, but instead went to their RSS reader? It's weird.
Perhaps the bureau wanted to let the court know that Carter may, at the time, have been alerted by the news article to the fact that he was under suspicion.
Other questions also result. Page has been on the g-men's radar since 2013. Page was under surveillance for many months prior to Steele producing his dossier, and well before Page became part of the Trump campaign. Why wasn't any of the intelligence from that earlier snooping sufficient to persuade the court to extend the spying further?
Maybe it was.
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Icon of freedom: The Statue of Liberty The Statue of Liberty in New York. 01 / 41 The Statue of Liberty in New York. 01 / 41
The Statue of Liberty — or "Liberty Enlightening the World," as it is officially named — towers over New York Harbor, measuring 151 feet from the base to the tip of the torch. Click through the gallery above to see beautiful photos of this iconic symbol of freedom and the United States.
See more of New York's famous landmarks:
35 stunning photos of the Empire State Building The Empire State Building in New York. 01 / 35 The Empire State Building in New York. 01 / 35
One World Trade Center: Photos of America's tallest building One World Trade Center in New York. 01 / 49 One World Trade Center in New York. 01 / 49
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Xinjiang Sayram Modern Agriculture Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net profit at 9 million yuan to 13 million yuan in FY 2017 versus net loss at 473.8 million yuan year ago
* Says improvement of main business, and increased sales of main products as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/QbzJ3y
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Flashing Green Lights Being Installed On MDOT Snow Plows
December 11, 2017
New safety features are being debuted on state snowplows this winter.
The Michigan Department of Transportation is gearing up for the snow and ice season and installing new flashing green lights on plow trucks to better alert motorists of their presence when crews are out working. The idea is to help make the trucks more visible to motorists and improve the safety of crews clearing roads and freeways.
MDOT spokeswoman Kari Arend tells WHMI it's a safety improvement on fleet trucks and motorists will start seeing them on not only state plow trucks but county vehicles in some areas as winter kicks off. Arend says green and yellow lights are deemed some of the most visible to the human eye. She says the flashing green lights make plow trucks really stand out, especially in adverse weather conditions such as blowing snow, and they want motorists to see those and pay attention as they travel through the winter months.
As the season settles in, she reminds motorists to be ready for winter, drive for conditions, slow down, and don't crowd the plow so operators can do their job and make the roads safer for everyone. MDOT Photo. (JM)
Iran and Caspian cruise tourism
2017-10-07 11:19 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Oct. 7
By Azer Ahmadbayli – Trend:
Sidelined for long due to international sanctions, Iran now is gradually turning back to the family of the most essential tourist destinations. Persepolis alone (the capital of the ancient Achaemenid Empire, 550-330 BC) is worth of visiting the country.
Obviously, after relief of sanctions President Rouhani zeroed in on economic development. If driven forward, tourism industry can be an important part in generating the country's economic growth. In addition to demonstrating openness to the world, it will bring new jobs and considerable profits.
In this connection the idea of the Caspian cruise tourism, as a novelty never experienced by the Caspian littoral states, looks attractive.
According to Travel & Tourism Competitive Report 2017, the number of people on the move is unprecedented, with international tourist arrivals increasing from just 25 million in the 1950s to 1.2 billion in 2016.
The report recorded an increased number of foreign tourists. In 2016, 5.24 million tourists visited Iran, but Iranian officials indicate to six million.
According to Iranian Culture and Heritage Organization's official statistics, over the first five months of the current Iranian fiscal year, 2.159 million tourists arrived in Iran.
The top five nations are Iraq, Azerbaijan, Afghanistan, Turkey and Pakistan. Then the ranking is as follows: Turkmenistan, Bahrain, Kuwait, India, China, Germany, Lebanon, France, Italy, Oman and Georgia.
But Iranians themselves are also keen to travel abroad. According to the same statistics (over the last fiscal year, ending March 20, 2017), 9.196 million Iranian tourists visited foreign countries, including (top 5): Turkey, Iraq, the UAE, Azerbaijan, and Armenia. Then we have Georgia, Germany and Saudi Arabia.
It is worthy to note that Iraq and Saudi Arabia have been purely religious destinations for Iranians, i.e. Iraqi Karbala and Najaf as sacred shrines for Shias and the Saudis' Mekka as Hajj, the annual Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca.
Turkey is the most popular tourist destination for Iranians. The latest statistics by the Culture and Tourism Ministry of Turkey indicates that the number of Iranian tourists in the country has exceeded 1 million over the first half of the current year. This is mostly explained by the cheapest average receipts per arrival in Turkey.
As to Azerbaijan, it is involved mainly in medical tourism to the neighboring country.
The number of tourists from the EU and the US visiting Iran is also increasing, Abdolreza Mohajerinejad, an official at Iran's Cultural Heritage, Handicrafts and Tourism Organization, said. Without unveiling the exact number of Western tourists, who visited Iran, Mohajerinejad noted that during the 15-month period from March 2016 to June 2017, their number rose by 56.6 percent, year-on-year.
According to data from World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC), the direct contribution of Travel & Tourism to Iran's GDP was $11.9 billion, 2.9 percent of total GDP in 2016 and is forecast to rise by 7.5 percent in 2017. In 2016, Travel & Tourism directly supported almost 560,000 jobs (2.2 percent of total employment). This is expected to rise by 4.9 percent in 2017.
However, international openness, tourist service infrastructure, mobile network coverage are among the weakest indicators of T&T performance.
Now Iranian private sector, in cooperation with the state railroads, is actively making use of “Orient Express” style “luxury trains” meant for entertainment purposes and driving foreign tourists all across the country. At the same time tourists, of which Europeans constitute a majority, have the opportunity to observe historical, archaeological and cultural heritage places Iran is rich in.
Caspian Sea still remains virgin as an attractive tourist destination. Iranian business with support of state bodies can discover it for international tourist community similarly to “luxury trains” experience. Caspian cruise on a middle size luxury ship calling at main ports of the Caspian littoral states could become a new segment in Iran's tourism industry and a popular type of tourism for Iranians themselves. Iranians, especially young generation, can take advantage of it by spending their vacations in all-inclusive mode, and visiting countries they have never been to before.
The 2016 annual report issued by Cruise Lines International Association (CLIA) shows that cruise tourism industry is rapidly growing. The economic impact for the industry in 2015 made $117 billion. More than 24 million people enjoyed a cruise in 2016 (compare it to 3.7 million in 1990). $38 billion were earned in total wages for the entire industry, which currently provides more than 950,000 jobs.
Finally, the idea could make all Caspian states closer to each other by reinforcing cooperation around all cruise-related activities and conditions, such as technical parameters of harbors and quays, availability of passenger terminals and associated infrastructure, customs and security issues, arrangement of guided sightseeing tours and city shopping tours, etc.
This all could result in a good economic impact on the whole region.
If you're already a subscriber, you're all set! Simply log in or register to access.
Returning Members:
Already have a subscription, but don't have a login?
Not a subscriber yet?
Subscribe now
2 men were arrested for the theft of equipment, tools, and trailers from several construction sites in Central Oregon. According to Bend Police, around the beginning of January, they became aware of a variety of power and hand tools along with utility trailers that became missing from different job sites. An investigation into the matter led to the arrest of 46-year-old Jason Girod of La Pine and 47-year-old Steven Mock of Bend. A search of Girod's home, vehicle and attached trailer found over 15 thousand dollars' worth of equipment that had been stolen. The two were also charged with felony meth possession.
This article originally appeared in the March 2014 issue of Architectural Digest.
Turn off your cell phones, please. Curtain up! Get ready for a surprising second act. It stars Sandy Gallin, who for more than three decades was the guy you'd go to if you sang like a lark and looked like a million bucks. As one of the premier talent managers and producers in show business, Gallin could pick and choose his clients. His roster included Richard Pryor, Cher, Dolly Parton, Michael Jackson, Whoopi Goldberg, Mariah Carey, Nicole Kidman, Renée Zellweger . . . Forever, his pals have been a Who's Who of the entertainment world, from Barbra Streisand to Jon Bon Jovi—with the inner circle being the famous quartet of Barry (Diller), David (Geffen), Calvin (Klein), and Sandy. "As soon as I could speak," recalls Gallin, who grew up just outside New York City, "I talked about having millions of dollars, knowing famous people, and becoming a star." Unabashed candidness, it must be said, is one of his irresistible qualities.
In the late 1990s, however, Gallin retired and walked away from all that. Only he didn't, exactly. Instead he has reemerged as a trusted maestro of houses for entertainment-industry titans and their families, including Marilyn and Jeffrey Katzenberg, Jimmy Iovine, Deborah and Allen Grubman, and Shelli and Irving Azoff. Not that any of this was planned. Gallin has never set up a proper design office, and he has no website. I've known him well for about 15 years, and I'm friendly with quite a few people who have hired him to work on their homes. Every one of them I spoke to told me they were initially drawn to the residences he's created for himself. Frequently they ask him to produce a house he'd want to live in.
The full scope of what Gallin does for his clients is ineffable. Interior design doesn't quite cover it. He is part executive producer, part set designer, part decorator, part picker, part psychologist. All of his projects share a key quality. As Klein explains, "Often what even great interior designers do is create a space that isn't as comfortable and warm as what Sandy does, and that is the essence of why people like his work."
Gallin's design business actually began in the early '70s as a hobby, an outlet for the stress of managing the careers of superstars. He started by buying homes, fixing them up, living in them for a while, and, when the time was right, flipping them. One of his earliest projects was a house in Los Angeles's Benedict Canyon that became known as a mecca for some of the best parties in town, thanks to the mix of people he always attracted and the ambience he created. Parton, who has worked with Gallin, lived with him (don't get excited—it's passionate but platonic), and also been his business partner, remembers the first time she visited one of his houses. "I walked in and thought, Oh my God! This is beautiful. It is so well-done. I grew up with no taste, no money, no style, no class, no nothing, so you appreciate those kinds of things. Then through the years I saw Sandy do it again and again. Even though he loved show business—he was the best manager that I and many other people ever had—his greatest gift is what he is doing now."
There's been an evolution to Gallin's design career. For years he took on these projects for himself, slowly gaining a reputation—to the point that owning one of the houses he'd renovated and furnished became a mark of prestige. My favorite funny anecdote is the one about what happened when he was selling a place in Beverly Hills to Frank Sinatra in the '80s. "It was a very glamorous house," says Gallin. "It had a large open living room, bar, den, breakfast room, and dining room—all in one. There was a stairway up to a fabulous master suite, and the outside seating area had a fireplace and a Jacuzzi, with a fantastic view of the city." When the moment came to discuss the final details, the two men sat down. Gallin says Sinatra asked to see his hands. "I showed him my hands, and he said, ‘They're nice hands. See that sofa? See those candles? See the books? See the glasses in the bar? If anything in this house is not here when I move in, all those fingers are going to be broken by me.' And then he started laughing—he was obviously totally joking."
In the mid-'90s Gallin met Scott Mitchell, a young architectural designer who was just starting out. Before long the two began working together, and as Gallin has taken on more projects, Mitchell has remained his primary collaborator. In 2002 they teamed up on a new Malibu estate that Gallin lived in and sold a couple of years later to Mark Burnett, creator of the TV show Survivor, reportedly for close to $30 million. By Gallin's account, he has performed his alchemy on nearly 50 houses to date, and with rare exception, he says he's always turned a profit, typically walking away with a few million dollars.
Once you've been in two or three Gallin houses, some signature elements start to become evident: dark-stained floors of salvaged wood; spaces crowded with sumptuous sofas and chairs you want to sink into; paintings and drawings hung in grids; personal objects, photographs, and mementos arranged in bookcases; tabletops covered with candles, objets, and books on art, architecture, design, and fashion; giant jars of tempting jelly beans and pretzels placed on a bar; bathrooms you wish you could move into; indoor and outdoor fireplaces; and idyllic gardens with lush landscaping. The point is never about the provenance of the furniture or the artworks but how everything comes together and elevates a room with a sort of Hollywood-at-home glamour. "Sandy's houses always feel very human," says Donna Karan. "You never feel ‘do not touch.' But at the same time there is a wow! factor." Or as Kelly Ripa says, "The first time I went to one of his cocktail parties, at a place he owned in the Hamptons, I overheard a woman say, ‘This is what God would do if he—or she—had money.' That's pretty much it."
Although Gallin has always been happy to pitch in for free when friends have asked for advice, it's a fairly recent development that clients formally hire him to work on their homes. The first was his pal Jeffrey Katzenberg, who in 2012 enlisted Gallin to design the interiors of his family's residence in the Trousdale Estates section of Beverly Hills. (Gallin is now working on the Katzenbergs' Malibu property.) "From the earliest days I knew Sandy, he was always living in beautiful houses, and he was in a different one every nine months," says the studio chief. "My excitement with our house was about having Sandy, for the first time in his career, build something that wasn't about flipping it. He exceeded our expectations, and I think he exceeded his own, too."
Katzenberg calls the group that collaborated on the house—which also included architect Howard Backen and landscape designer Mark Rios—his "dream team." Word on the street is that Gallin's fee was around $3 million, a fact he would not confirm, but it is obvious that the Katzenberg project helped bring about a turning point in his career.
And the clients have been lining up ever since, despite Gallin's ostensible lack of credentials. He does not pretend to be a connoisseur and will tell you readily that he never studied architecture or design. "What Sandy has is an eye, and an instinct," says his friend Ross Bleckner, the painter. "He is so agile at creating an environment that I've always thought of what he does as installation art. He combines things that have different levels and layers of meaning and value. Old things and new things. He loves the search, he loves bringing things together, whether it's a house or people—and it's usually both."
Those talents are clear to anyone lucky enough to attend one of Gallin's memorable parties or dinners, whether at his recent homes in L.A. or in the Hamptons, including his latest place, a turn-of-the-century farmhouse in Amagansett he renovated with Mitchell. As television personality Andy Cohen, a frequent guest of Gallin's, says, "Sandy is this unusual intersection of opulence mixed with 100 percent hospitality and comfort. He'll have thousands of candles lit for a dinner party, and in the bathroom there will be 50 of the fluffiest, whitest towels rolled up perfectly." Another regular, Sarah Jessica Parker, remarks, "There are two conversation topics. One is the people who come—the moguls, the famous, the infamous. And then there's the environment. You know you are in a Sandy Gallin house. They always have a familiarity. The curious thing is that at the end of the night Sandy might have disappeared for hours, but everyone is still happily in his home. He wants it to be that way."
Speaking of great hosts, one of Gallin's latest assignments came from entertainment lawyer Allen Grubman and his wife, Deborah, when they bought the Beverly Hills house of the late Hollywood agent Sue Mengers. Although Mengers's dinner parties were legendary—because of the guests and the conversation, not the food—it was well-known that the home, which was designed by California architect John Elgin Woolf, had seen much better days. Gallin, who was a friend of Mengers's, knew all the pitfalls. "Sue used to call me every four or five years and ask, ‘What's that contractor's name again?' " he recalls. "The first time was 27 years ago. She never did a thing with it. Ever."
But the Grubmans loved the place. "Sue Mengers was the iconic Hollywood agent, and her house had an enormous amount of entertainment history," Allen says. "I was drawn to it because of the symbolism of all the wonderful dinners that occurred there—something my wife does brilliantly." Gallin and Mitchell's renovation has brought to the home a glory it perhaps never had, maintaining its architectural integrity while updating it for 21st-century living. Summing up the irresistible appeal of Gallin's work, Allen says, "Walking into one of Sandy's houses, you don't want to visit—you want to move in."
When I asked Gallin toward the end of our interview about homes and interiors in the movies or on television that have inspired him over the years, he didn't hesitate. His immediate reply: the staircase at Tara in Gone with the Wind. "I haven't found the client who wants that yet, but I'd be very happy to do it," he says, laughing. He also names the grand estates on Dynasty. The Banks family home in the Spencer Tracy–Elizabeth Taylor classic Father of the Bride (Gallin was one of the producers of the 1991 remake). Then, after a pause, he deadpans, "I would like to live in Downton Abbey."
If required, I, and a lot of other folks I'm sure, could make a compelling case in defense of the majority (NOT unanimous) stewards' decision to disqualify Solomini from first in Saturday's Grade 1 Los Alamitos CashCall Futurity and place him third for coming in slightly in the stretch and bumping Instilled Regard, who was third under the wire.
Instilled Regard missed second money by just a head to McKinzie. Considering how narrow that margin is, it's not a big stretch to suggest the bumping incident cost Instilled Regard a larger piece of the purse. If Solomini had won as much the best, it would have lent a different dimension to the matter and made him much more difficult to take down. But he didn't. Solomini prevailed by only three-quarters of a length, so the fairest thing to do, it could be argued, was to do exactly what two of the three Los Alamitos stewards thought was right, and disqualify Solomini.
Or, a strong case could be made that Solomini and McKinzie both should have been disqualified. Solomini wasn't the only one who didn't keep a perfectly straight course in the CashCall stretch run. McKinzie came out a bit, too, and contributed toward putting Instilled Regard in tight. If Solomini's actions cost Instilled Regard a bigger piece of the purse, it sure appeared that McKinzie's actions did, too, and he should have been held as culpable as Solomini.
Editor's Picks McKinzie gets CashCall win after DQ Solomini finished first in Saturday's Grade 1 Los Alamitos CashCall Futurity at Los Alamitos, but was disqualified and placed third behind stablemate McKinzie and Instilled Regard for causing interference in the final sixteenth.
Or, I could argue all day that there should have been no disqualification at all in the CashCall. Before any brief, light, stretch bumping took place -- bumping that never appeared to knock Instilled Regard off stride or meaningfully cause his jockey to stop riding -- Instilled Regard poked his nose in front of McKinzie. But McKinzie quickly fought back to regain a narrow advantage on Instilled Regard, an advantage that, even if narrow, seemed completely secure.
In fact, I would suggest that even if they went around the track 20 more times, McKinzie was never going to relinquish his slim edge back to Instilled Regard, because that's exactly how it looked. And we haven't even touched on the polarizing issue among horseplayers of placing a horse first via disqualification who wasn't good enough to win, and who wasn't the aggrieved party in any potential infraction. In this instance, that was McKinzie. To a tee. He paid $3 to win.
This was not an easy call for the Los Alamitos stewards. That said, I personally don't agree with the call they made. Was Instilled Regard bumped a sixteenth out in the CashCall? Yes. Did it cost him a larger piece of the purse? I am not at all convinced it did, despite the narrow margin Instilled Regard was beaten for second. I would have let the result stand. Then again, New York is my home circuit, where you have to pull a machete and draw buckets of blood before you get disqualified.
* Somewhat lost in the controversy of a Grade 1 race like the CashCall being decided in the stewards stand is the discussion of the relative merits of the race. McKinzie was very likely the most impressive 2-year-old debut winner in North America this year, while Solomini turned in a very good effort in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile, gamely holding second behind Good Magic, but over Bolt d'Oro, despite drifting in to the dead rail in the stretch. These two should have ensured the CashCall was a strongly run race. But I'm not so sure it was.
Unfortunately, it's impossible to make an apples-to-apples comparison between the CashCall and the Grade 1 Starlet, run right after the CashCall at the same 1 1/16-mile distance and won impressively by Dream Tree, because the paces were so disparate. The interior fractions of the CashCall were 46.70 seconds to the half and 1:10.64 for three quarters compared to corresponding splits in the paceless Starlet of 49.25 and 1:13.28. The CashCall's final time was 1:42.57, while the Starlet's was 1:43.87. They went so slow early in the Starlet that completely closing the time gap was just about impossible.
Nevertheless, there is this: There was a 2.55-second difference between the half-mile fractions of the CashCall and Starlet, and a 2.64-second difference in the three-quarter splits. But there was only a 1.37-second difference in the final times. Dream Tree did look good running right through the wire of the Starlet, but I'm underwhelmed right now at how the CashCall crew came home.
* Before the CashCall, Solomini was 30-1 and McKinzie was 20-1 in the latest Kentucky Derby future book odds released by the sharp folks at the Race and Sports Book at Wynn Las Vegas. I wouldn't expect their odds to move a lot after the CashCall, but I would guess the 125-1 that could have been had on Instilled Regard before Saturday was nowhere to be found on Sunday morning.
Wynn's first two favorites for the Derby -- don't forget, Wynn's odds are a function of money actually wagered so far and how much exposure they are willing to take -- are Bolt d'Oro, winner of the FrontRunner and Del Mar Futurity, and third in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile, at 12-1, and Good Magic, emphatic winner of the Juvenile, at 14-1.
Enticed, winner of a slow Kentucky Jockey Club, was a surprisingly low 20-1 along with McKinzie, while Montauk, arguably New York's most impressive 2-year-old debut winner this year, is 22-1.
Catholic Boy, winner of the Remsen in his first start on dirt, and Tiz Mischief, beaten a head when second in the Kentucky Jockey Club, were both 30-1, along with Solomini.
Sporting Chance, winner of the Hopeful, and St Patrick's Day, a maiden winner at Del Mar in his second start, were both 40-1, while Avery Island, winner of the Nashua before finishing second in the Remsen, and Principe Guilherme, an impressive first out winner last month at Churchill, were both 45-1.
Wynn has seven pegged at 50-1: Dak Attack, winner of the Ellis Park Juvenile; Engage, winner of the Futurity at Belmont; Free Drop Billy, winner of the Breeders' Futurity, but a distant ninth in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile; Mendelssohn, the Ireland-based half-brother to Beholder who won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Turf; Promises Fulfilled, third in the Kentucky Jockey Club; Runaway Ghost, winner of the Golden Nugget at Golden Gate; and Untamed Domain, winner of the Summer and second in the Juvenile Turf.
A few who I thought were appealing prices were Analyze It, who has been strictly turf so far, but who is a total running fool, 100-1; Greyvitos, winner of the Bob Hope, 175-1; and Shivermetimbers and Peace, first and second in a strong maiden route at Del Mar, 175-1 and 150-1, respectively.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - International Standard Resources Holdings Ltd:
* ANNOUCES ‍RESTRUCTURING OF EXISTING CONVERTIBLE NOTES DUE 2018 AND ISSUE OF NEW CONVERTIBLE NOTES DUE 2021​
* CONVERTIBLE NOTES IN AGGREGATE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF HK$365 MILLION
* CONVERSION PRICE OF NEW CONVERTIBLE NOTES IS HK$0.050 PER CONVERSION SHARE‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Water Concern for Access to Federal Science, Research, and Data Under Trump Administration is Focus of Water Environment & Technology Article « Previous Forester Media • April 17, 2017
A feature article in the April 2017 edition of Water Environment & Technology (WE&T) examines the call from scientists, researchers, and associations for the Trump Administration to uphold and protect the sharing of information and data from federal sources.
In the article “Science First,” WE&T staff writer LaShell Stratton-Childers explores the implications of the moves to restrict access to information and filter research and data from federal agencies, which sent shockwaves across the scientific community and water sector. The article shares concerns from leaders and experts about changes at agencies including the U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, NOAA, and NASA.
“This data and research is invaluable globally,” Stratton-Childers writes. “The data enable all sorts of entities to function and plan for the future. But what happens if this input of research is shut down or if the data are obscured? Can the integrity of the data still be deemed reliable? Many are asking these questions now.”
Stratton-Childers also goes on to explain measures taken to protect the integrity of existing data, including federal legislation introduced to keep an open exchange of data among federal scientists, their colleagues, and the public.
Water Environment & Technology (WE&T) is the flagship magazine of the Water Environment Federation and the premier magazine for the water quality field. Reaching more than 40,000 readers monthly, WE&T provides information on what professionals demand: cutting-edge technologies, innovative solutions, operations and maintenance, regulatory and legislative impacts, and professional development.
About WEF
The Water Environment Federation (WEF) is a not-for-profit technical and educational organization of 33,000 individual members and 75 affiliated Member Associations representing water quality professionals around the world. Since 1928, WEF and its members have protected public health and the environment. As a global water sector leader, our mission is to connect water professionals; enrich the expertise of water professionals; increase the awareness of the impact and value of water; and provide a platform for water sector innovation. To learn more, visit www.wef.org.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executives of top American steel companies and related groups urged President Donald Trump on Thursday to urgently impose trade measures to curb excess steel capacity and surging imports they say are undermining the U.S. industry.
A letter, sent to the White House and Congress by the American Iron and Steel Institute and the Steel Manufacturers Association, called on Trump to immediately act under the rarely used “Section 232” of a 1962 U.S. trade law, which allows for restrictions to protect national security.
”We urge you to implement a remedy that is comprehensive and broad based, covering all major sources of steel imports and the full range of steel products, with only limited exceptions for
products not currently available in the United States,”
according to the letter seen by Reuters.
Companies that signed the letter included Alton Steel, AK Steel Corp, Cleveland-Cliffs Inc, TimkenSteel Corp, Nucor Corp, and ArcelorMittal USA.
The letter was the second in five months from the steel industry to Trump, who promised in his presidential campaign to protect American steelworkers from imports and ordered an investigation last April of foreign steel imports under Section 232.
The results of the investigation were handed to Trump on Jan. 11, 2018. He has 90 days to respond.
A U.S. administration official said the White House was “aware of the needs and concerns of stakeholders.”
“The president has 90 days to make his decision and we will announce that decision at the appropriate time,” the official told Reuters.
Forcing a reduction of excess production in China, which now supplies half the world's steel, is a key goal of any potential restrictions.
The United States, the world's biggest steep importer, and China have long been at odds over how to combat excess capacity in the global steel sector. China has argued that it has done its bit to tackle the problem by cutting capacity.
‘WAIT-AND-SEE APPROACH'
Philip Bell, president of the Steel Manufacturers Association, said there was optimism that Trump would come up with effective measures following his decision on Jan. 22 to slap tariffs on imported washers and solar panels.
“I confident he will come up with a remedy that is effective and he still has 70 days to review it and make a decision,” Bell told Reuters. “We will have to take a wait-and-see approach, but it is clear the steel industry continues to be challenged and that 232 action sooner rather than later is important.”
The letter underscored that despite the threat of trade actions, imports continue to swamp the U.S. market. In June 2017, steel imports hit their highest monthly total in more than two years by capturing 30 percent of the U.S. market, the letter said.
Efforts to address global excess capacity through international consultations and groups such as the G20 and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development had failed, the letter added.
The European Union has warned it will retaliate if European steelmakers suffer collateral damage from import restrictions under the Section 232 investigation.
While the measure would mainly target China, NATO allies like Britain have expressed concern because the two countries have traded steel for military purposes.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai Daimay Automotive Interior Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to use up to 200 million yuan to buy property located in Shanghai
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/oBo1iu
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
March 19, 2018 (KHARTOUM) - Governor of Central Darfur State Ga'afar Abdel-Hakam said they closed some roads in Golo and Nirtiti areas to prevent what he described as "criminal activities" carried out by the Sudan Liberation Movement led by Abdel-Wahid al-Nur (SLM-AW).
Speaking during a meeting with a delegation from the U.S. embassy in Khartoum led by the head of the political section Alice Payne, Abdel-Hakam claimed the SLM-AW elements stole cattle from some shepherds during the last couple of days.
According to Ashorooq TV, Abdel-Hakam also accused the rebels of causing the deadly fire that destroyed a number of villages in the state last week.
The governor pointed out that the security situation in the state is stable following the decision of President Omer al-Bashir to extend the unilateral cessation of hostilities for six months in all war zones.
Also, he briefed the visiting delegation on the humanitarian situation, saying the disarmament campaign has contributed significantly to ending tribal clashes in the region.
Since August 2017, the Sudanese authorities launched a campaign to collect illegal weapons. The campaign, which would be implemented across the country, began by disarming tribes and civilians in Kordofan and Darfur.
Last year, the UN Security Council decided to reduce the hybrid peacekeeping mission in Darfur (UNAMID), admitting that the security situation has improved but it decided to reinforce its presence in Jebel Marra because there is no cessation of hostilities as the SLM-AW refuses to declare it unilaterally or to engage in peace negotiations.
Golo area, which is located in the mountainous area of Jebel Marra, is at 56 km. east of Central Darfur state capital; Zalingei. It was the first area attacked by the rebels in February 2003.
In a report to the UN Security Council on 22 February 2018, the UNAMID reported some clashes between the government and the SLM-AW fighters who resisted the weapons collection campaign, currently taking place in the Central Darfur.
The Sudanese army has been fighting armed groups in Darfur since 2003. UN agencies estimate that over 300,000 people were killed in the conflict, and over 2.5 million were displaced.
(ST)
Jacob Park, Iowa State's former starting quarterback, has asked the school for his release, the Des Moines Register reported Monday.
Iowa State coach Matt Campbell told the Register the school plans to grant it.
Park began this season as Iowa State's starting quarterback after winning the job late last year over Joel Lanning. He passed for 1,181 yards and nine touchdowns through four games this season.
Park, however, took an indefinite leave from the team on Oct. 6. That cleared the way for walk-on senior Kyle Kempt to take over at quarterback. Behind Kempt, the Cyclones defeated Oklahoma and TCU, which were both ranked in the top five, to finish 7-5 and become bowl eligible. Iowa State will play Memphis in the AutoZone Liberty Bowl on Dec. 30.
Park told the Register that the leave stemmed from the challenge of having to balance football, school and fatherhood. Park became a father recently. Park also said, according to the Register, that he failed a drug test because of marijuana and was facing a one-game suspension.
"It was not something that was very easy to deal with when you have so many high-pressure situations that you're being put into, as I do," he said. "And it's a coping mechanism that I understand now is not acceptable and that I'm still working on this to this day."
Park said that he plans to graduate from Iowa State in the spring, then transfer to another school to play football again.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BEIJING, Dec 11 (APP):Although there are hundreds of thousands of Chinese students who decide every year to further their education in Western countries, there are still some who choose instead to head to the Middle East.
Mostly Muslims, these Chinese students usually have to jump through far more hoops to go to their ideal universities than those going to the United States or the European Union, according to Global Times on Monday.
Omer, a Muslim student in his mid-20s from North China's Shanxi Province, is currently studying at the University of Jordan in Amman. It has been his dream to study in an Arab country since he first began studying Arabic in high school.
Omer chose Jordan as his destination since it was one of the region's more stable countries. During the holidays, he enjoys visiting historic sites in the region like the Egyptian pyramids and the temples in Baalbek, Lebanon.
During a trip back to China earlier this year, Omer married Sophia, who is from Northwest China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. When Omer headed back to the Middle East to continue his studies, his new wife, who was also accepted into the University of Jordan, decided to join him. The two rent a one-bedroom apartment near campus for roughly 2,000 yuan ($300) a month, which Omer finds expensive.
While Omer has grown fond of Jordan, another Chinese student, Eid, has grown homesick during his time in the Middle East.
Eid, from Gansu Province, is not yet 20 years old. He said that he gained a new appreciation for China after heading to Cairo to study. He expressed that he was particularly turned off by locals who hang around tourist attractions begging for money.
One of the advantages Chinese students enjoy while studying in the Middle East is lower tuition fees than back home.
However, due to some of the instability in the region, Chinese students frequently run into problems with their visas. Some students have said that they have been declined entry at customs for no apparent reason when returning from vacations in China.
MILAN (Reuters) - Italy's Investindustrial is not in talks to increase its stake in Aston Martin and no decision has been taken on a possible stock market listing for the British carmaker, the private equity group said, denying an earlier newspaper report.
A company logo is seen on the new Aston Martin Vantage car at a media event in Gaydon, Britain November 20, 2017. REUTERS/Phil Noble
Italian daily Il Messaggero had reported on Sunday that the fund was in advanced negotiations to raise its stake in the maker of the famous sports car driven by fictional secret agent James Bond to 50 percent from 37.5 percent by the end of the year and that it aimed to list the company next summer.
The report had added that the fund, led by founder Andrea Bonomi, was to buy shares from other stakeholders, including a consortium of Kuwaiti investors, which currently holds 54.5 percent, Daimler and the group's management.
A London-based spokesman for Investindustrial denied the report. “Because of the recent good performance of the Aston Martin business, none of the shareholders want to sell,” the spokesman said.
Aston Martin last month said it was on course to post its first annual pretax profit since 2010, helped by strong demand for the luxury automaker's DB11 sports car.
There are no discussions on ownership structure at the moment, the spokesman said, adding that the situation could change in the future “given it is a private equity fund and it might eventually want to monetise (its) assets”.
He also said that no decision had been taken about a possible initial public offering (IPO).
Aston Martin said in an email to Reuters that it did not “have any comment to make on this speculation”.
The group's Chief Executive Andy Palmer has repeatedly said that the decision and timing of an IPO were matters for the shareholders but that it made sense for them to consider the option before the end of the company's turnaround plan, which is due to complete in 2022.
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — A high-level, Topeka-based Veterans Affairs official has been fired following an investigation into inappropriate conduct regarding sexually charged communication.
The Topeka Capital-Journal reports that former Health Resource Center director Robert Downs received the VA's decision to terminate his employment April 12.
The investigation alleges Downs and a female VA employee exchanged hundreds of salacious chat messages, most made during business hours, for over two years.
The woman was based out of the Asheville, North Carolina, VA Medical Center.
In addition to sexually provocative messages, the two allegedly discussed travel plans to see each other, visiting a strip club together, open marriage and the woman's job prospects at Kansas VA offices.
Downs says the relationship was consensual and no one benefited professionally. But he adds he takes full responsibility and is ready to move on.
Kourtney Kardashian has slammed womanizer Scott Disick.
The 38-year-old reality TV star is fed up with seeing her former boyfriend - who is the father of her three children - photographed with a bevy of beauties and in a scathing attack, she called his women "hookers".
In a clip for 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians', filmed before Scott, 34, started dating Sofia Richie, 19, she fumed: "Why can't he get it together? I have to handle it when he's out photographed with a different hooker every day."
Kourtney's mother Kris Jenner implied that Scott was jealous after she jetted off for a girls' trip to Mexico and he was acting out.
She said: "I think he was jealous. Because you were having fun, spending time with other people."
However, Kourtney insisted that Scott - who reportedly cheated on her in the past - had no right to be jealous.
She said: "Well, that's really not fair. It's just like, I can't even live my life. I can't even go anywhere. He needs to get a f***ing life and leave me alone.
"All he does is try to make everybody else feel bad for him and try to make me look like the bad guy in the situation when clearly I'm not, from 10 years of this going on."
But Kris insisted that Kourtney would be "sad" if Scott did in fact move on from their relationship.
She added: "You always want what you can't have. And when somebody is right there giving you their heart on a platter."
The US Federal Reserve raised key interest rates by 0.25 percentage point Wednesday, and said it plans to reduce its securities holdings, a move that could spur rates to rise further.
The Fed raised the target range for the federal funds rate from 1 to 1.25 percent, a level that's on par with South Korea's. It was the second time the Fed has raised rates this year after the first hike in March.
(Yonhap)
"The labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising moderately so far this year. Job gains have moderated but have been solid, on average, since the beginning of the year, and the unemployment rate has declined," the Fed said in a statement after a Federal Open Market Committee meeting.Household spending has picked up in recent months, and business fixed investment has continued to expand, the Fed said. In addition, inflation has declined recently and, like the measure excluding food and energy prices, is running somewhat below 2 percent, it said.The Fed also announced it will sell off some of the bonds and other securities it's holding."The Committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization program this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated. This program ... would gradually reduce the Federal Reserve's securities holdings," it said. (Yonhap)
RICHMOND HILL, Ont. — The man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto had spent two months with the Canadian Armed Forces last year, and was considered a below-average recruit who wasn't adjusting well to military life, a defence source said Tuesday.
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017, until Oct. 25, 2017, a Department of National Defence spokesperson said.
"He did not complete his recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training," said Jessica Lamirande.
Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder in the alleged van attack. Police said he will soon face an additional count of attempted murder.
A source with the military told The Canadian Press that Minassian attended the leadership and recruit school at St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que., and noted that he did not receive any weapons training while there.
The source said Minassian was assessed as a below-average recruit, but noted that there were no red flags to suggest something like the van incident he's alleged to have been involved in was coming.
Ten people were killed and 14 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk and drove into pedestrians along a busy stretch of a north Toronto street Monday afternoon. Minassian was arrested a short time later.
Facebook has confirmed that a widely circulated post that praises Elliot Rodger, who killed six people and then himself at the University of California in 2014, appears to have come from Minassian's account, though it says it's impossible to know who was using the account at the time the post was made.
Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson mentioned the post at a news conference Tuesday.
"As has been reported in the media, the accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before he began driving the rented van."
CLOSE The Lions' playoff pulse continues to faintly beat after sneaking by the Bucs in a turnover-filled game.
The Buccaneers' Mike Evans can't pull in a one-handed reception in the end zone with the Lions' Teez Tabor defending in the first quarter. (Photo: Daniel Mears, Detroit News)
Allen Park – A healthy scratch six times this season, second-round draft pick Teez Tabor has steadily seen his role increase down the stretch of his rookie season.
The Detroit Lions cornerback got a bigger workload for the fourth consecutive week, playing 39 defensive snaps against the Tampa Bay Bucs, more than double his previous season-high.
“It kind of depends on who we play, what packages we're using, it (dictates) how much he gets an opportunity to play,” coach Jim Caldwell said Monday.
Tabor had lined up mostly in the slot prior to Sunday, but got a crack to defend outside receivers against the Bucs. His best play came in the first quarter, when matched up one-on-one in the red zone against Mike Evans, Tampa Bay's 6-foot-5, 230-pound standout.
More: ‘I know my money': Pick pays off big time for Lions' Darius Slay
The Bucs lobbed a jump ball to Evans on the first-and-goal snap from the 5-yard line. Tabor pressed Evans at the line, and as the ball dropped down, the young cornerback chopped hard through the receiver's arms, causing the incompletion. Surprisingly, Tabor wasn't credited with a pass defense.
According to Pro Football Focus, Tabor was targeted five times the 23 snaps he was in coverage, surrendering three catches for 46 yards.
“He was out there and did a pretty good job for a young guy,” Caldwell said. “I think you'll see he'll continue to progress.”
Ambien manufacturer to Barr: 'Racism not a known side effect'
Scranton homicide suspect seeks to present insanity defense Attorneys for a Scranton man charged with the 2014 death of his neighbor are seeking court permission to present an insanity defense. (read more)
Governor's Awards for the Arts recipients announced SCRANTON — A Pulitzer Prize- and Tony Award-winning playwright and a renowned furniture designer are among the winners of the 2018 Governor's Awards for the Arts, which will be given in the Electric City this summer. (read more)
Police seek individual who shot, wounded cat Police are looking for the person who shot a pregnant cat that was found wounded over the weekend in Plymouth. (read more)
Celebrities, activists, and Barr react to 'Roseanne' news Reaction to ABC's cancellation of its hit reboot of "Roseanne" after star Roseanne Barr's racist tweet that referred to former Barack Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett as a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the "Planet of the Apes": (read more)
Furnaces fired up for meltzone in Scranton SCRANTON — The air rippled as flames shot out of a weathered iron furnace sitting in the shadow of Scranton's historic Iron Furnaces on Monday afternoon as part of the International Conference on Contemporary Cast Iron Art. (read more)
Source: RBZ pays out $200 000 to cross-border traders – NewsDay Zimbabwe August 14, 2017
THE Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (RBZ) has disbursed $200 000 since March under a facility to assist cross-border traders.
BY TATIRA ZWINOIRA
The $15 million cross-border facility was set up in March to help finance imports and exports of cross-border traders with these traders paying 10% annually to access the loans.
RBZ deputy governor, Jesimen Chipika told NewsDay on the sidelines of a cross-borders conference that a number of traders had benefitted under this facility.
“In terms of figures, we are looking at more than $200 000 that has been disbursed to date from the time it was made and looking at $1 000 per beneficiary, so we feel we are making a lot of progress in that area. Yes, there is much interest and it is an amazing reaction actually. We are excited about it because as you can see just the gathering here [conference] is a small portion of those who wanted to come to this thank you function of theirs,” she said.
The Zimbabwe Cross Border Traders Association (ZCBTA) conference was held in Harare on Friday.
Chipika said RBZ hopes to solve cross-border traders' major constraints, help them grow bigger, and even help them register as import or export companies.
“As I said, it is a bigger model that we are targeting,” she said.
An RBZ unit, Homelink, disburses loans to cross-border traders wherein a trader can take out a $1 000 loan in United States dollars cash or exchange bond notes for the same amount.
Once the loan has been taken out and used to buy and sell wares across borders, the traders are required to deposit the proceeds into either Agribank or Steward Bank accounts as the central bank is seeking to formalise the traders.
RBZ seeks to tap into the cross-border traders, who have an estimated annual revenue of $416,3 million, largely part of the reportedly more than $5 billion circulating in the informal sector.
ZCBTA leader, Killer Zivhu, said cross-border traders needed to open accounts with Agribank to repay the kindness shown by the central bank in creating the facility.
Chipika said it would be cheaper to open the accounts with Agribank rather than heading to the parallel market, where people pay premiums of between 5% and 25%.
“Our people picked the wrong mode of doing business during the crisis period [2008]. Sometimes, it is not lack of confidence in the financial sector, it is really a bad habit, which emanated from the crisis 10 years ago and it is taking time to take it out of the people,” she said.
Cross-border traders will also benefit from the loans being doubled to $2 000 from $1 000, which enables them to buy more goods for resale.
KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan President Ashraf Ghani on Friday accused neighbouring Pakistan of failing to move against the Taliban and pledged a new security plan for Kabul after hundreds of people were killed and wounded in two deadly attacks on the capital last month.
Afghanistan has long accused Pakistan of aiding terrorists by giving shelter and aid to leaders of the Taliban insurgency, a charge denied by Pakistan, which points to the thousands of its own citizens killed by militant violence over the years.
“We are waiting for Pakistan to act,” Ghani said in a televised address after weekly prayers, in which he accused Pakistan of being the “Taliban centre”.
A recent attack on the Intercontinental Hotel in Kabul and a suicide bombing on a crowded city street a week later have stoked public anger in Afghanistan and stepped up pressure on Ghani's Western-backed government to improve security.
The attacks, which killed more than 130 people and wounded hundreds more, were claimed by the Taliban, which is fighting to drive out international troops and re-establish its form of strict Islamic law in Afghanistan.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence told Ghani in a telephone call on Friday that the attacks “highlight the barbarity and cowardice of the insurgency, and strengthen America's resolve to support Afghanistan” and its government, the White House said.
Afghan and U.S. officials say the Haqqani network, a militant group affiliated with the Taliban and believed to be based in Pakistan, was responsible.
FILE PHOTO - Afghanistan's President Ashraf Ghani attends a panel discussion at Asia Society in Manhattan, New York, U.S., September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Jeenah Moon
A Pakistani foreign ministry spokesman said Pakistan and Afghanistan were both victims of terrorism and needed to work together to fight the common threat.
“Pakistan affirms solidarity with the people and government of Afghanistan in fighting the menace of terrorism,” he said in a statement. “We feel the pain of our Afghan brothers and sisters.”
Pakistan had taken strong action to counterterrorism, including operations against Haqqani network camps in mountainous Waziristan.
Ghani said 11 arrests had been made and a list of individuals Kabul believed to be behind the attacks as well as the networks that supported them was given to Pakistani authorities.
“The attack is not against our men, women or children but against the Afghan nation and it requires a national, comprehensive response,” Ghani said, adding that security officials would present a new plan on Sunday.
But it was unclear what steps would be taken to improve the last major security plan in Kabul, which established a string of extra checkpoints and heavy vehicle controls after a truck bomb killed 150 people in the city last May.
Pakistan's embassy in Kabul said on Thursday that officials in Islamabad were assessing the evidence presented during a visit by Afghan Interior Minister Wais Barmak and the head of the NDS intelligence service, Masoom Stanekzai. It said Pakistan had given no commitment to take any action.
The attacks came at a time of heightened tension in the region, after the United States said it would cut security aid to Pakistan, complaining the South Asian nation was not doing enough to fight terrorist groups sheltering there.
On Saturday, March 3rd, two men armed with instructions on how to contact extraterrestrials and a protocol on what to do if they show up tried to contact aliens on the shore of a lake in Sicamous, British Columbia, Canada. After a few hours of meditating and watching, they left without a successful contact. Did they leave too soon?
On the morning of Sunday, March 4th, a woman walked to the very same lake and spotted a series of mysterious ice circles on the lake's frozen surface. Coincidence? Contact? Something else?
Let's start with the location. Shuswap Lake is in south-central British Columbia, Canada, and is known for (among other things) its odd shape – the four fingers of the lake look like the letter H from the air. The name comes from the Shuswap or Secwepemc First Nations people and it's now a popular recreational lake centered around the city of Salmon Arm, which gets ITS name from the fish and the lake's appendage. Besides salmon and trout, Shuswap Lake is Like many other lakes, Shuswap Lake has a legendary 25-foot long monster known as the Shuswap Lake Monster or Shuswaggi.
Does it also have close encounters of the third-thru-fifth kind? The Salmon Arm Observer reports that local (Sunnybrae) area resident Grace Edwards was walking on the lake shore in nearby Tappen when she spotted and photographed the ice circles on the frozen lake. These were not ice discs, which are circular pieces of ice formed in cold rivers as the chunks break off and are swirled and worn into circles. What Edwards saw were more like swirling patterns made in the ice – kind of like frozen crop circles. One thought is that they were made by spinning snowmobilers who someone managed to make perfect circles without leaving any other visible tracks. Another thought might be …
Aliens!
Grace Edwards's photos (see here) were published by the Salmon Arm Observer and other local media, where they eventually were shown to Dan Berg (Berg? As in iceberg? Another coincidence?). Berg is the man who attempted to contact aliens on the night of March 3rd in Sicamous, another small town on Shuswap Lake. He told the Observer that he and a friend from Salmon Arm he met through SETI social media decided to celebrate International CE-5 day by conducting a Close Encounter of the Fifth Kind (direct communications with ETs) using the CE-5 protocol developed by Steven M. Greer of the Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI). For Berg, that was “meditation through consciousness.”
“In my meditation all I did was concentrate on the edge of the Rocky Mountains and Shuswap Lake for 40 minutes nonstop.”
After scanning the skies and their minds for a few hours and seeing nor hearing nothing, Berg and his friend left and thought no more about the incident until someone showed the article about Edwards and the ice circles to Berg. What did he think now?
“I think it was kind of cool and kind of ironic that something as strange as those circles that no one has ever seen before showed up the night that we were out here.”
As with crop circles, the Shuswap Lake ice circles could be explained by humans making very precise patterns in the dark on snowmobiles. Possible? Yes, but the perfection leaves an opening. Is the lake's H pattern a beacon or marker for aliens? What about the Shuswaggi? Some crytozoologists believe these creatures are visitors from other planets.
Berg has piqued the interest of others and will probably have a crowd with him the next time he tries a CE-5. Let's hope they bring cameras and a net for the Shuswaggi.
LONDON (Reuters) - Olivier Giroud will be staying at Arsenal and not just as a substitute, manager Arsene Wenger said on Sunday after the Frenchman came off the bench to salvage a 1-1 draw at Southampton.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Southampton vs Arsenal - St Mary's Stadium, Southampton, Britain - December 10, 2017 Arsenal's Olivier Giroud celebrates scoring their first goal REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
The late header was Giroud's 17th Premier League goal as a substitute for the North Londoners, equalling a single-club record set by former Manchester United forward Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
The France striker has yet to start a league game this season and media reports before the match had suggested he could be loaned out in January to secure more playing time ahead of the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
“He is important. Why should we lose an important player? It is up to us,” said Wenger.
“He will start more games. I believe as well it's always the same when you have many good players, some of them cannot play,” added Wenger.
“The question you get is always ‘why does the guy who is good not play?'. Because if you take him on, you have another guy who is good who will not play. It is as simple as that.”
Wenger said he considered Giroud a regular member of his team and praised his attitude.
“We have to be grateful that he is part of a great team and one who can come on and make a difference with the right attitude and ability. He is a talent,” he said of his compatriot.
Wenger was critical, however, of his players' slow start in recent matches and of what he saw as a creeping amount of time-wasting.
“I feel the waste of time becomes a real problem in England,” he said.
“First of all I think it's in the head of the players to respect the game and to play. And secondly the authority of the referees to act early in the game because it becomes really a problem in the last two seasons.”
Arsenal's previous league match was a 3-1 home defeat to Manchester United, with the Gunners conceding twice in the opening 11 minutes.
They could have been 2-0 down in the first 10 minutes at St Mary‘s, with Charlie Austin putting the hosts ahead in the third and missing further opportunities.
“I felt the Manchester United game played a bit of a part in the head of our defenders,” Wenger told the BBC.
“They were a bit apprehensive to start well again and that's why it is sometimes not good to talk about the problem because you create a bigger one.”
Galen Zamarra, the celebrity Manhattan chef who earned The Halyard in Greenport a high rating and was expected to make it one of the North Fork's best restaurants, no longer is in the kitchen there. Guest chef John Tesar is coming in for a stint.
Zamarra departed when his consulting-and-cooking contract was not renewed. The current executive chef at the restaurant, situated at the Sound View hotel, is Bruce Miller. Miller has been a chef there since 2016.
Details about Zamarra's exit were not immediately available. His Manhattan restaurant Mas announced its closing in June.
Zamarra brought The Halyard a 2 ½-star rating in Newsday last year. He had worked with internationally respected chefs including David Bouley in New York and Alain Passard in France. He was named "rising star chef of the year" by the James Beard Foundation in 2001. Mas, which was favorably reviewed, opened in 2004.
While Miller continues as executive chef, The Halyard also is starting on July 4 a "Chefs on Holiday" program that has brought a familiar name back to Long Island.
Tesar, whose career began on Long Island and led to an appearance on "Top Chef," returns to the East End as the first guest through July 8 with some culinary fireworks.
Tesar is preparing dishes including a traditional lobster bake as well as steaks from his Texas restaurant, Knife.
The fixed price for the lobster dinner is $65. The steaks include a $100, 36-ounce rib-eye and a $45, 8-ounce filet mignon. A $10 hamburger also will be served.
Feed Me Subscribe for restaurant recommendations, recipes and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The full menu of The Halyard, which is not expected to change much, also will be available.
Tesar's fare will be served from 4:30 to 10 p.m. at the Sound View hotel in Greenport, where The Halyard is located. In August, chef Sue Torres, formerly of Suenos in Manhattan, is scheduled to cook.
On Long Island, Tesar cooked at The Lobster Bar & Grill at Indian Cove in Hampton Bays, Magic's Pub in Southampton, and Cafe Pierre in Westhampton. He was raised in the Hamptons.
Tesar has been chef at Rosewood Mansion at Turtle Creek in Dallas. Knife in Dallas is his latest restaurant. Tesar also has been a semifinalist in the James Beard Foundation Awards and appeared on "Top Chef," the competitive cooking show.
The Halyard is at 58775 Rte. 48, Greenport, 631-477-0666, thehalyardgreenport.com
The Town of Cutler Bay conducted its third annual “Wings Over the Bay” chicken wing cook-off competition at Cutler Ridge Park on Saturday, Apr. 7, with more than 1,000 people attending.
Officials representing the town were Vice Mayor Sue Loyzelle and Council members Michael P. Callahan and Roger Coriat. Coriat helped judge the wing competition.
There were 10 teams competing for the best chicken wings, ranging from local restaurants to small businesses to individual residents.
Cash prizes and trophies were awarded in the following five categories: Buffalo, Garlic Parmesan, Special Grilled, Best Decorated Booth, and People's Choice for Best Buffalo Wing.
The competition's winners were:
• Best Buffalo: Pub Grill;
• Best Parmesan Garlic Wing: Student Athlete After School Program;
• Best Special Grill: Pub Grill;
• Best Decorated Booth: Ricklick, and
• People's Choice for Best Buffalo: 3 Jerks.
Residents were able to enjoy complimentary tasting of various chicken wings prepared during the cook-off, and for those wanting something other than chicken wings, vendors present included Sand Bar Sports Grill, Pub Grill, Pig Floyd, Big Pig BBQ, Ohana Mama Shaved Ice, MasterCreps, Tacos y Mas, and Kona Ice. Entertainment included a bounce house, maze challenge, face painter for kids, and the musical stylings of Ricky Valido.
Others manning booths were Integrity Martial Arts, New Leaf Chiropractic Miami, enFAMILA, Mrs. J's Cookies, Girl Scout Troop 162, Keiser University, Miami Coalition Against Specific Dog Breeds, and Miami-Dade County Animal Services Department, which was able to find a new home for one of its shelter dogs.
Rafael G. Casals, town manager, was pleased with the cook-off.
“Congratulations to the winners of this popular event,” Casals said. “Nothing brings our residents together like a fun food competition, and I am very grateful to have so many community partners, food vendors, and sponsors that joined us in making this event possible.”
This year's sponsors were Florida City Gas, Air on Demand, and TD Bank.
PRETORIA – The Zimbabwean High Commission has been given another week to appeal AfriForum's representation of Gabriella Engels in her assault case against Grace Mugabe.
Source: UPDATE: Grace period in Mugabe assault case October 6, 2017
Johannesburg, 06 October 2017 – A lawyer says South Africa's decision to grant Zimbabwean first lady Grace Mugabe diplomatic immunity will be the main focus of today's court proceedings. Mugabe is accused of assaulting South African model Gabriella Engels Video: eNCA File: Zimbabwe's first lady, Grace Mugabe, is accused of assaulting South African model, Gabriella Engels. Photo: AFP / Jekesai Njikizana
• Editor's note: This article is updated each time new information becomes available.
The Zimbabwean first lady has denied assaulting the model in a Sandton hotel room in August.AfriForum will also be allowed to appeal Zimbabwe's decision.
Mugabe (52) denied allegations she attacked the 20-year-old South African model using an electrical cord at a Sandton hotel in August. Instead, the first lady claims Engels tried to attack her with a knife.
The model's mother, Debbie, dismissed the claim.
Lobby group AfriForum brought an application in the North Gauteng High Court against the Minister of International Relations and Co-operation Maite Nkoana-Mashabane for allowing Mugabe to leave the country without being prosecuted.
In papers filed in court, AfriForum acting on behalf of Engels, claimed Nkoana-Mashabane did not have the power to grant immunity to Grace Mugabe.
Nkoana-Mashabane is the first respondent in the case and AfriForum wants the wife of Zimbabwe's president Robert Mugabe to be added as the second.
The minister's decision to grant immunity resulted in a public outcry, especially after the minister of police promised Mugabe would report to law enforcement authorities.
According to Engels, an irate Grace Mugabe burst into the hotel room where she was waiting with two friends to meet Chatunga Mugabe, the first lady's son, on 13 August.
Grace Mugabe then allegedly started laying into her with an electric cable.
Photographs taken by her mother soon after the incident showed a gash to Engels's forehead.
Engels also had bruising on her thighs.
eNCA
The risks of getting into the content business may have been brought into sharp relief by Disney's ongoing controversy with Roseanne Barr, but that hasn't cooled Randall Stephenson's interest in acquiring Time Warner.
The AT&T CEO gave an on-stage interview Wednesday at the Code Conference in which he praised Disney CEO Bob Iger on moving swiftly to cancel the ABC series “Roseanne” in the wake of its star's racist tweet.
“You have to admire how he did that,” said Stephenson. “I can't imagine how you would not.”
Stephenson spoke of being counseled by Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes about what it takes to maintain a creative culture at a media company in which you can't always control what talent is going to say or do. “It's going to take a very disciplined managerial approach,” he said.
Stephenson joked at the opening of his Q&A that he recently told Turner's Kevin Reilly about Barr: “You may be tempted. Do not go sign (her) up.”
Stephenson wasn't too forthcoming on the subject of awaiting a verdict in a trial that will determine the fate of its $85 billion merger with Time Warner. U.S. District Judge Richard Leon is expected to announce his decision on June 12th. He also didn't elaborate much beyond last month when Stephenson characterized his company's decision to hire the president's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, as a “big mistake.”
Related Camera Maker RED Brings Holographic Phone to AT&T & Verizon DirecTV Now's Updated App Will Add DVR for All Subscribers, Third Live Stream Option
“i don't have much to add beyond the statement of what a big mistake it was,” Stephenson told interviewer Peter Kafka, senior editor at Recode. “President Trump came into office and no one knew the offfice or the staff he was putting around him.”
Cohen was paid $600,000 to counsel AT&T on how to deal with the administration across a range of policy-related issues. Several senators have since called on Stephenson to further clarify AT&T's dealings with Cohen.
Stephenson reiterated the potential for the merger's success lie in harnessing the power of the data coming from its massively scaled mobile and pay-TV subscriber bases would benefit targeted advertising opportunities against the premium content Time Warner brings to the table.
Stephenson spoke of AT&T's development of a virtual MVPD service with no sports channels, allowing it to be priced at $15 per month. AT&T is already in the skinny bundle market with the $40 DirecTV Now, which upgraded its functionality last month.
In its closing arguments last month, the Justice Department recommended a “meaningful remedy” for making the merger palatable would be AT&T's divestment of one of its core assets, which include Turner Broadcasting and DirecTV.
Production on “Bachelor in Paradise” was recently shut down, as Warner Bros. Television began an investigation for alleged misconduct on the set of the ABC series.
To answer questions regarding what happens behind-the-scenes on reality dating series like “Bachelor in Paradise,” Variety interviewed a top reality TV producer, who specializes in the dating show genre. This veteran producer — who agreed to speak anonymously — has worked for 25 years in the entertainment industry and has never worked on “The Bachelor” franchise. The producer offered valuable insight on standard on-set protocol, safety measures for contestants, plus paperwork that protects the network and the production company behind reality TV shows.
What sort of paperwork do contestants sign before appearing on camera on dating shows? Does the paperwork say anything explicitly about alcohol or sexual scenarios?
I would describe the paperwork that you have to sign on a show like this, or any reality show where you have to cohabit with people and date them, the release that you need to sign — to say the words “comprehensive” would be an understatement. We're talking about a document that is thick and weighty, that releases the production company and the network from almost every conceivable possibility. It is encompassing. I can't even think of enough words to describe how in-depth that release is.
Is there language in the paperwork that states contestants may be in a situation where they are drinking excessive amounts of alcohol and are engaging in sexual relationships with other contestants?
The language in the document basically outlines the fact that you will be presented with every type of environment, people, and compromising situations by volunteering to be on the show. Now, there is nothing in there that would constitute your willingness to be in an illegal act. The agreement covers that they'll be in stressful situations, they'll be interacting with other people and sleeping under the same roof as other people. It covers all levels of emotional distress and all of this kind of things.
Does anything in the paperwork state that producers may put contestants in staged situations?
There are a lot of protections in the agreements about editorial, more than staged situations. I'd say it's more that what you're participating may be edited and shortened in ways that don't depict the actuality of what's going on, but I don't think there is anything in there that says, “You will be told what to do.”
Rumors have been swirling in the tabloid press that the two alleged contestants in question on “Bachelor in Paradise” were told by producers that their storyline was staged to become romantically involved. Is it common for producers to put contestants in staged situations?
It depends completely on the type of show. On reality TV sets, there is absolutely no question that the producers absolutely encourage people to push their limits and go for it. That absolutely happens commonly.
Tabloid reports say the alleged female contestant in question had a boyfriend at the time of shooting “Bachelor in Paradise.” Would you ever allow a contestant to come on your show if you knew they had a significant other?
No, absolutely not. We have a thorough background check. For every contestant on our show, we're calling their family, friends, ex-boyfriends, we're getting personality profiles on them. We're confident going into a show knowing if they are truly single or not. That being said, this is a unique situation — this girl was a star character on “The Bachelor” and then went home in between seasons and then was asked to come back onto “Bachelor in Paradise.” So she could have originally been single and then had a boyfriend, but the network could have said, “Now you're one of our stars, so you've got to come back.” In the TV world, I've seen many people characterize their relationships as not very serious, but then suddenly in this situation, that casual situation becomes useful.
What is the screening process for contestants on reality dating shows?
In order to make it onto one of our shows, you have to go through intense risk-management screenings, which include psychological evaluation, background checks, medical examinations. We find out every possible thing we can about the people going on the show, whether they're mentally, physically, and psychologically capable of handling the stress of being on the show. If there are any issues in their past with regard to drinking or violence, we have that stuff flagged and if somebody is not able to handle this situation with success, then they're screened out. We spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on every season of our shows making sure that the people that are participating are capable of handling it, and then when they arrive on set, we have people watching all the time to make sure they're careful with the alcohol and whatever else is involved. They're our responsibility for a period of time and we have to make sure that fun and games are had, but [at the] end of the day, it's about safety.
What should a producer do if they witness a situation that goes too far with alcohol or sex on set?
Unequivocally, it is your responsibility as a producer to step in when a cast member is intoxicated beyond the ability to make good and safe choices. We are, in a sense, creating an environment in a house reality show and when you create an environment like that, you have a responsibility to those within it to protect their safety. This is a very unusual circumstance where a group of sober individuals who are working are watching this environment from a control room and see every room, every drink that is drunk. Of course, you want to make it fun, but there is a line and when that line gets crossed, it's time for that cast member to go to bed and sleep it off. It's not time for that situation to continue — and that could be what the problem is here.
Obviously scenes are edited, but do you let the cameras keep rolling and then cut out sex scenes that are too raunchy or inappropriate?
When I talk to my producers, I always say the same thing: we can't use the sex footage and I'm not interested. If two people are having sex, what can I do with that? That is pornography. We're not going to show that. You can show the kissing or those inferential moments, but that's all you can use. If the sex acts that are being depicted in the press [about “Bachelor in Paradise”] are true, then why are even you shooting? Every reality show has had drunken hookups and all of that stuff, but for this to have occurred, there is just no way that if this was a run-of-the-mill incident that they would have shut this show down.
Do you control the alcohol intake among contestants on set?
I produce these exact kind of shows and we are extraordinary careful about the use of alcohol. Alcohol on our show is released on a drink-by-drink basis. We put out a bottle of alcohol in the house, and then we watch the night… and then we might release another bottle. They do not have an open bar on our show. We literally control their intake of alcohol. At a certain point, as the person that is in control of this environment that you're creating and you're watching, you have to identify whether a person is making choices with a consciousness.
Since you've been in somewhat similar situations having been on many reality TV sets, what do you think could have gone wrong on “Bachelor In Paradise”?
My concern about this situation is that if the person was beyond a point of making her choices and was still being shot and being put into this scenario, it's a very weird situation. When you talk about sexual assault, it's almost always just two people alone and it becomes a he-said-she-said situation; this is the most unusual situation because not only is there a third party, but there are cameras that watched everything that happened and everything that led up to what happened. That, to me, is the smoking gun as to why a franchise worth hundreds of millions of dollars was shut down. There is videotaped evidence of the entire transgression, and they have the ability to go back and watch everything that happened and everything that led up to what happened. If it was totally fine, why would they have shut down the set?
Do you think this “Bachelor in Paradise” scandal will impact the reality TV industry as a whole?
There's a multitude of unfortunate parts to this. First, if this girl was victimized, that's just unconscionably bad. Second, this has put a severe blemish on the industry of unscripted television when most of us are respectful of boundaries and respectful about the contestants' safety on the show. What's sad about this is that this is going to be another log on the fire of people making assumptions about reality TV — now this one incident can cause a wild fire. I want the world to know that this is not standard; it's abnormal. It's just horrific. I really feel like from my instinct and my 25 years in this business that a show doesn't get shut down for any instance happening on set. It just doesn't happen. It's a rarity. For the high-profile level of that show, something went down that they cannot back away from — I don't know what that is, so who knows what's going to happen from here.
Whoever put together this list deserves a medal.
Have you always heard about an area and wondered if it was worth the drive?
Here's your answer. For Collin County anyway.
World Cup 2018: Quarterfinalists and their MVPs
Sanchit Grover FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 981 // 04 Jul 2018, 16:25 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Football: Colombia vs England at World Cup
Russia currently is where every footballer, every football fan, every coach or anyone who is slightly connected to football wants to be. FIFA World Cup is the quadrennial tournament we wait for every 4 years.
If surprises, shocks and upsets are ranked by then this world cup ranks on the very top.
Germany got eliminated at group stage thus following the path of former defending champions. This was the fourth time in last 5 world cups that the defending champions were knocked out in the group stage itself. This was the first time Germany failed to qualify beyond the group stage.
The big dogs Spain lost out to hosts Russia surprisingly in the round of 16 to join the likes of Messi led Argentina and Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal on the way home. With more than half the tournament completed, we have got our top 8 teams. The quarterfinalists are lined up and one of these teams will lift the prestigious FIFA world cup title. Despite the exit of Lionel Messi & Cristiano Ronaldo there still are a number of players capable of lighting up the arena. These players have proved to be the man for their team.
Every team has good players but there are certain players capable of providing the X-factor. These players are capable of turning the game on its head and are the reason for their team still in the hunt for the world cup glory.
Let us see which player stands out the as the MVP for the final 8 sides:
France - Kylian Mbappe
Mbappe
The French team is filled with superstars who will slide into any side of the world with ease. From Paul Pogba's dynamic midfield presence to Antoine Griezmann's goalscoring exploits the French side is running on all cylinders. But their main man has been the 19-year-old forward Kylian Mbappe. What an amazing phase he is having.
His prolific goalscoring earned him a transfer to PSG and the fiery forward hasn't disappointed. Mbappe has been sensational for France and was the main reason for their victory over Argentina in the round of 16. Mbappe single-handedly turned the game in the favour of France by scoring 2 goals.
Mbappe ran past Argentina's defence to record the fastest speed in this world cup. The psg forward has been one of the stars of the tournament and France will hope that he continues his dream run.
AMESBURY, England (Reuters) - British counter-terrorism officers joined a police investigation on Wednesday after two people were found in critical condition from suspected exposure to an unknown substance near the English city where a former Russian spy was poisoned.
Britain's Sun newspaper reported that the man and woman had been poisoned and were showing similar symptoms to those displayed by ex-double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia who were victims of a nerve agent attack in March.
The Sun said samples of the toxin involved had been sent to the nearby military research centre of Porton Down for testing.
The pair, both in their 40s, were hospitalised in a critical condition after being found unconscious on Saturday in Amesbury, seven miles (11 km) north of Salisbury where the Skripals were found slumped unconscious on a bench on March 4.
Britain has blamed the poisoning of the Skripals on Russia, something that Moscow has denied but which caused a serious diplomatic crisis between it and Western states.
“They (couple) are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance,” Wiltshire county police, which took the rare step of declaring “a major incident”, said in a statement.
“Based upon the number of casualties affected, it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public.”
There was no word on the identity of the couple.
A police spokeswoman declined to confirm whether the couple were believed to have been poisoned or whether Porton Down scientists were now involved. But London police confirmed that specialist counter-terrorism officers were helping the inquiry.
“As Wiltshire police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible,” a London spokesman said.
Police officers stand next to a section of playing field near Amesbury Baptist Church, which has been cordoned off after two people were hospitalised and police declared a 'major incident', in Amesbury, Wiltshire, Britain, July 4, 2018. REUTERS/Henry Nicholls
Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said the government's emergency response committee had met to discuss the incident and that May and ministers were being regularly updated on the developments.
TESTS ON NATURE OF SUBSTANCE
The pair, who were being treated at Salisbury District Hospital, were initially believed to have taken heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs. More than three days after they were found, tests were still being conducted to ascertain what substance made them ill.
“We are working with the police to understand the circumstances surrounding this incident and it would be inappropriate to make further comment at this time, while we establish how they became unwell,” said Cara Charles-Barks, the hospital's chief executive.
The hospital is where the Skripals also spent weeks in a critical condition in the same hospital before slowly recovering and being discharged.
Police said sites in both Amesbury and Salisbury that they believed the man and woman found in Amesbury had frequented would be cordoned off as a precaution.
Britain accused Russia of poisoning Skripal with Novichok nerve agent, the first known offensive use of such a chemical weapon on European soil since World War Two.
Moscow denied any involvement and suggested Britain had carried out the attack to stoke anti-Russian hysteria.
Russia has said it does not possess such nerve agents, did not develop Novichok, and President Vladimir Putin dismissed as nonsense the notion that Moscow would have poisoned Skripal and his 33-year-old daughter.
The attack prompted the biggest Western expulsion of Russian diplomats since the Cold War as allies in Europe and the United States sided with Prime Minister Theresa May's view that Moscow was either responsible or had lost control of the nerve agent.
Moscow has hit back by expelling Western diplomats, questioning how Britain knows that Russia was responsible and offering its rival interpretations, including that it amounted to a plot by British secret services.
Slideshow (5 Images)
(Repeats with no change to text)
By Hugh Bronstein
CARACAS, Aug 13 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's talk of possible military action in Venezuela could be a political life-line for the country's unpopular leader, who has long used the threat of U.S. aggression to justify policies that have shredded the economy.
President Nicolas Maduro has continued the free-spending socialist "revolution" started by his predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez, almost 20 years ago. Key to the populist rhetoric used by both is a constant drumbeat of warnings that the U.S. "empire" is planning an invasion to steal Venezuela's oil.
That threat was laughed off by the opposition and until Friday night, when Trump said a military option was not out of the question for dealing with the Venezuelan government's crackdown on the opposition and deepening social crisis.
"He's doing Maduro a favor by reinforcing the nationalist position that the Gringos want to come and attack Venezuela. This has always been part of Maduro's rhetoric, and Chavez before him. And it has served them both well," said lawyer Luis Alberto Rodriguez while sitting at a cafe, smoking a Cuban cigar, in one of Caracas' wealthier neighborhoods.
"It's not going to have any impact other than the government using it to further unify its people and attack the opposition," the 44-year-old added.
Maduro loyalists, who regularly insult opposition leaders as Washington's lackeys, wasted no time in pouncing.
"Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!" thundered Maduro's son, also named Nicolas, at the country's new constituent assembly, which was elected last month to re-write the constitution.
The opposition fears the assembly will remove any checks that remain on the president's powers and critics globally have condemned it as an affront to democracy.
"If Venezuela were attacked," the younger Maduro said, "The rifles would arrive in New York, Mr. Trump. We would take the White House."
Marches against Maduro were held in Caracas on Saturday, with few confrontations with state security forces and no deaths. More than 120 have been killed in unrest since April, as the economy collapses deeper into a recession compounded by triple-digit inflation as well as food and medicine shortages.
Opposition leaders who have counted on the U.S. government to apply sustained moral and economic pressure on Maduro have so far been silent about Trump's remarks and marchers seemed confounded by his military threat.
"I don't know what to tell you," one woman marcher said, declining to give her name. "It's very complicated."
'NO GREATER GIFT'
The opposition, which controls a congress that has been neutered by Maduro's loyalist Supreme Court, boycotted last month's election of the new legislative superbody.
Opposition leaders called instead for an early presidential election, which Maduro would likely lose as his popularity gets pummeled by the country's economic woes.
"Maduro could not have asked for a greater gift from Trump. He provided substance for Maduro's heretofore implausible conspiracy theories," said David Smilde, senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin American, a human rights think-tank.
Smilde said Trump's threat of military force put the Venezuelan opposition "on its heels" after a group of Latin American governments joined last week in reprimanding Maduro for sponsoring the July 30 election of the constituent assembly.
"It has threatened to deflate the emerging regional consensus regarding Venezuela. Today the countries that on Tuesday signed on to a strong statement criticizing Maduro's authoritarian direction are spending their time criticizing Trump's statements," Smilde said.
PanARMENIAN.Net - The Syrian Arab Army (SAA), alongside their allies from the National Defense Forces (NDF) and Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP), were able to beat back a major attack by theIslamic State (IS) group in southeast Syria on Wednesday, July 4.
According to the NDF, the Islamic State launched a surprise attack on their government positions at Tal Bassir on Wednesday morning in a bid to overwhelm the latter in eastern Al-Sweida.
However, the Islamic State attack would fall short of its objective, as their terrorist combatants were spotted moving towards the government's positions before launching the assault.
The NDF said at least one Islamic State fighter was captured during the assault, while five more were either killed or wounded.
The Islamic State has been recently launching big attacks in the eastern countryside of Al-Sweida, which have been relatively successful until Wednesday.
Last week, the Islamic State was able to recapture several points around the Safa Canyon of Al-Sweida, forcing the Syrian Army and their allies to fall back from the area.
With the Syrian Army troops mostly bogged down in southern Syria, the Islamic State has been taking advantage of their weak defenses around the eastern countryside of the Al-Sweida.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's vast manufacturing sector grew at the fastest pace in eight months in May, blowing past expectations and easing concerns about an economic slowdown even as risks from trade tensions with the United States and a crackdown on debt point to a bumpy ride ahead.
FILE PHOTO: A labourer works inside an electronics factory in Qingdao, Shandong province, China January 29, 2018. REUTERS/William Hong/File Photo
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) released on Thursday rose to 51.9 in May, from 51.4 in April, and remained well above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction for the 22nd straight month.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters had forecast the reading would dip slightly to 51.3.
Production expanded at the fastest rate in six months in May while growth in new orders rose to an 8-month high, helped by rising commodities prices.
The strong manufacturing sector readings defy concerns about an expected loss of momentum in the world's second-biggest economy, as policymakers navigate debt risks and rocky trade relations with the United States.
In particular, export orders improved from the previous month. Some economists suspect that Chinese firms have been front-loading shipments due to the Sino-U.S. trade frictions.
On the whole, however, economists were sceptical of the sustainability of industrial sector strength, suggesting the broader economy will face pressure over coming months.
“We doubt this strength will be sustained for long given that it appears to mostly reflect a temporary boost to industrial output from the easing of pollution controls rather than a turnaround in underlying demand,” said Julian Evans-Pritchard, Senior China Economist at Capital Economics, in a note after the data release.
Nomura analysts were also of the view the strong PMI readings will be short-lived, saying “the growth of end-demand, such as infrastructure and property investment, has slumped in recent months, due at least in part to the government's deleveraging efforts.”
SMALL FIRMS FACE FUNDING PRESSURES
Beijing has been tightening controls on riskier investments, the shadow banking business and speculation in the property sector, but has been keen to keep the broad economy well funded.
The industrial sector, a key source of jobs, remained in healthy shape, with profits growing at their fastest pace in six months, underpinned by continued strength in the steel sector.
But the latest survey showed that more manufacturers were concerned about tightening in funding over recent months, with 40.1 percent of all firms polled raising the issue in May, according to Zhao Qinghe, an official with the statistics bureau.
“Big cost pressure is still one of the major problems facing Chinese manufacturers these days,” said Zhao.
Activity of small firms contracted in May after expanding the previous month while both big and medium-sized companies all posted positive growth.
Hi-tech manufacturing activity rose to 54.8 in May, up from April's 53.8, despite pending U.S. tariff list under its intellectual property probe and restrictions on Chinese investments in the U.S.
Washington said on Tuesday that it was moving forward with its threat to apply tariffs on Chinese imports worth up to $50 billion, reviving fresh worries of a trade war between the world's two biggest economies. Trade tensions had ebbed only recently after Beijing pledged to buy more from the United States.
China's economy grew at a slightly faster-than-expected pace of 6.8 percent in the first quarter. However, signs of stress were evident with investment growth slowing to a near 20-year low in April and growth in retail sales sliding.
Boosted by government infrastructure spending, a resilient housing market and unexpected strength in exports, China's manufacturers helped the economy deliver strong growth last year.
Economists still expect China's economic growth to slow to 6.5 percent this year from 6.9 percent in 2017, citing rising borrowing costs, tougher limits on industrial pollution and a crackdown on local governments' spending to keep their debt levels in check.
A sister survey showed growth in China's service sector also picked up pace in May, with the official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) edging up to 54.9 from 54.8 the previous month.
A sub-reading for construction activity, a major driver of growth in 2017, stood at 60.1 in May, down from 60.6 in April.
Chinese policymakers are counting on growth in services and consumption to rebalance their economic growth model from its heavy reliance on investment and exports. The services sector now accounts for over half of the economy, with rising wages giving Chinese consumers more spending clout.
A composite PMI covering both the manufacturing and services activity rose to 54.6 in May, from April's 54.1.
Odriozola ignoring talk of €40m Real Madrid move
Alvaro Odriozola is focused on Spain's World Cup preparations and not the rumours over his possible move to Real Madrid.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 20:55 IST 777 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Real Sociedad's Alvaro Odriozola
Real Sociedad full-back Alvaro Odriozola insists he is not concerned about rumours linking him with a €40million transfer to Real Madrid.
The versatile 22-year-old has reportedly been a target for Madrid for some months and, according to Marca, has already told Zinedine Zidane's side that he would be willing to make the move.
However, the player says his sole focus is on preparing for Spain's World Cup warm-up match against Switzerland on Sunday.
"My future is the national team," he told reporters on Wednesday. "I'm 22, it's a dream for me to go to the World Cup. It's a unique opportunity.
"My future is training tomorrow and the game on Sunday, nothing more."
Centrado en el Mundial. Centrado en vivir este sueño que me ha dado la vida. Más feliz no puedo ser. #MundialRusia2018 #Selección #WorldCup pic.twitter.com/328jC5f03j — Alvaro Odriozola (@alvaroodriozola) May 30, 2018
Odriozola's rise to prominence at Sociedad, as a defender and a winger, has been one of the club's real success stories of the last two seasons.
The 22-year-old, who only made his Spain debut against Albania in October, could even find himself starting their opening World Cup match against Portugal on June 15 if Dani Carvajal is unable to recover in time from a hamstring injury.
"Everything has changed a lot for me in a year and a half," he explained. "It's been mad but, as I call it, it's been a blessed madness.
"I have a privileged environment with my family and friends. The key is to work day to day, to know you have to improve. Trying to work and to sacrifice is what leads you to the beautiful things that are happening to me."
The Wellcome Trust, the UK's largest charitable endowment, is preparing for tougher times ahead following a bumper £3.5bn return on its portfolio for 2016/7.
The £23.2bn fund made a 16.9% return on investments during the 12 months to September 30, slightly down on the year before, but adding to a long-run rate of 9.1% a year for the past decade that is ahead of many institutional investors. That supported spending on medical research and other charitable activities of £1.1bn during the year.
...
The Toronto Star nabbed 12 nominations on Monday for the National Newspaper Awards, which honours the best in Canadian journalism every year. Two-Star journalists, Robert Cribb and Marco Chown Oved, received three nominations each for their stories on the Panama Papers in the arts and entertainment, business and politics categories. Alex Boutilier was also nominated with them in their politics entry. The Panama Papers series reported the secretive flow of billions of dollars in a parallel offshore economy. Sara Mojtehedzadeh was nominated in two different categories, for an investigations piece she worked on with Brendan Kennedy, and for a business piece in which she was part of a five-person team. The nominations for the Star is up from last year's eight nominations, and span a wide range of categories, including arts and entertainment, business, features, explanatory work, politics, presentation and sports photo. The Globe and Mail led all entrants with 18 nominations. Click here for the full list of nominations.
Article Continued Below
Here are the Star's nominations: Arts and Entertainment: Robert Cribb and Marco Chown Oved were nominated for exposing how ticket resellers manipulate sales for concerts of some of the world's most popular performers in order to make profit. They were both nominated in two other categories. Business: Another Cribb and Oved collaboration detailing reports that reveal how Canada is a tax haven for foreigners to hide their money received a nomination. Nicholas Keung, Sara Mojtehedzadeh, Jennifer Wells, Jim Rankin and Kelsey Wilson were also nominated for a series on how Canada's food industry uses temporary migrant workers.
PanARMENIAN.Net - It's no secret that online pirates have plenty of websites to choose from. This is also exemplified by a new milestone just reached by Google. As Torrent Freak reports citing the search engine, rightsholders have asked the company to remove content from a million different sites. The targets include some unusual suspects, including The White House, NASA, and the New York Times.
Removing search results is nothing new for Google. The company has been cleaning up its search index for years, in response to complaints from copyright holders.
Every week the search engine processes millions of requests targeting a wide range of websites that allegedly offer infringing content.
The process is fairly transparent as Google publishes all notices in a daily report. This allows us to keep track of the often staggering numbers, and today there's a new milestone to report.
Since Google started counting, the company has now received takedown notices for a staggering one million websites. It's not the number of URLs that were reported in total, as these run in the billions, but the separate domain names that were called out.
Statistics show that a large proportion of the targeted sites have only been flagged a few dozen times or less. Many of these were called out by mistake, including some high profile ones.
The White House, for example, is not your typical pirate site and neither is the U.S. Department of Justice. Still, both sites have been repeatedly reported to Google. The same is true for other big names such as NASA, Netflix, the BBC, and the New York Times.
The Mid-Tyrone Group is it hosting its annual general meeting on Thursday, February 8, at Foyle Meats in Omagh. The meeting will begin at 10.15am with a tour of the factory followed by the formalities of the AGM.
Anyone planning on attending should contact the office on 028 8224 3057.
The AGM is an important event for the group as this is where the members are elected to sit on the central committees and these committees play a central role in UFU policy.
The group held their annual charity table quiz and raffle on December 6, 2017. This was very well supported and the group were able to present local charity ‘Care for Cancer' with £1,136. The group would like to thank all those who came along and also to the local businesses who provided raffle prizes.
The Ulster Farmers' Union are in their centenarian year and the Mid Tyrone group have committed to supporting the nominated charity Air Ambulance. Group chairman Kenny Hawkes would ask all members to support the events throughout the year to help raise as much money for this worthwhile charity.
There are still a limited number of UFU calendars available in the Group office. They are being sold for £10 and the proceeds are going to Air Ambulance.
If you are not currently receiving the texts from the group, contact the office on 028 8224 3057 with your mobile number.
KABUL (Reuters) - Several senior members of Islamic State's central Asian affiliate were killed in a U.S. air strike in Afghanistan, officials said on Sunday.
The attack on Thursday killed Abdul Rahman, identified by the U.S. military as the Kunar provincial emir for Islamic State of Iraq and Syria-Khorasan, according to a statement from the command in Kabul.
"The death of Abdul Rahman deals yet another blow to the senior leadership of ISIS-K," said General John Nicholson, the senior U.S. commander in Afghanistan.
Three other senior ISIS-K members were also among those killed in the strike in eastern Kunar province.
Nicholson has vowed to defeat Islamic State militants in Afghanistan this year.
The group's emir, Abu Sayed, was reported killed in a strike on his headquarters in Kunar in July, the third Islamic State emir in Afghanistan to be killed since July 2016.
In April, Nicholson deployed a 21,600-pound (9,797 kg) "Massive Ordnance Air Blast" bomb against Islamic State positions in neighboring Nangarhar province, one of the largest conventional weapons ever used by the United States in combat.
On Saturday, Afghan officials said as many as 16 civilians, including women and children, had been killed by a U.S. air strike in Nangarhar, but American officials said only militants were killed. [nL4N1KX51Z]
As part of an increased campaign against both Islamic State and the Taliban, the dominant Islamist militant group in Afghanistan, the U.S. Air Force has dropped nearly 2,000 weapons in the country as of the end of July, compared to fewer than 1,400 in all of last year.
Despite some battlefield successes by Afghan and American special operations troops, Islamic State has continued deadly attacks around Afghanistan, fueling fears that the group is seeking to bring the group's Middle East conflict to Central Asia. [nL4N1KO4K4]
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
and advised he "could be a citizen of New Zealand by descent" because his father was born there. Prime Minister Bill English said he was informed about Mr Joyce's case late last week and that "unwitting or not" he is a New Zealand citizen. "It is a matter for the Australian system to decide how.... radioaustralia 7:42:00 AM CEST
Washington (ABC Live) : Legal Protection Against Domestic Violence : More than one billion women lack legal protection against domestic sexual violence, says new research from the World Bank.
The study, Global and Regional Trends in Women's Legal Protection against Domestic Violence and Sexual Harassment, also found that close to 1.4 billion women lack legal protection against domestic economic violence. Economic abuse entails controlling a woman's ability to access economic resources (money, education or employment) as a form of intimidation and coercion. In addition, women are often not legally protected against specific types of sexual harassment outside the home, such as at work, school, and in public places.
Violence against women takes many forms, including physical, sexual, emotional, and economic. Violence leads to negative and, at times, dramatic mental and physical health consequences. It leads to increased absenteeism at work and limits mobility, thereby reducing productivity and earnings. It leads girls to drop out of school because going to school puts them at risk of abuse. It affects women's decision-making ability within the household, including being able to seek services when needed.
“Gender-based violence is a global epidemic that endangers the life of women and girls with a wide range of negative consequences not only for them, but also for their children and communities. Ending this scourge is integral to the development of women's human capital and unleashing their contribution to economic growth,” said Quentin Wodon, World Bank lead economist and co-author of the study.
Download the Global and Regional Trends in Women's Legal Protection Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Harassment.
The elimination by 2030 of all forms of violence against women and girls, and of all harmful practices such as child, early and forced marriage, and female genital mutilation, are two of the targets adopted under the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals. These targets have intrinsic value, but they also matter for reducing poverty and creating inclusive societies. As just one example, ending sexual harassment in schools can boost educational attainment for girls, leading to higher earnings in adulthood.
“Laws against gender-based violence are an important first step to protect women, yet legal protection remains weak in many countries,” said Paula Tavares, World Bank legal gender specialist and co-author of the research.
The report, supported by the Children's Investment Fund Foundation and the Global Partnership for Education, examines laws against domestic violence and sexual harassment across 141 countries covered by the World Bank Group's Women, Business and the Law program.
Based on an analysis of 141 countries, the share of countries with laws to protect women against domestic violence increased from 71 percent to 76 percent between 2013 and 2017. But legal protection remains much weaker for specific types of domestic violence. For sexual violence experienced at home at the hand of an intimate partner or family member, laws are lacking in more than one in three countries. For domestic economic violence, half of the countries do not have specific legislation. For two in three countries, unmarried intimate partners are not protected under the laws.
When it comes to sexual harassment outside the home, four in five countries have laws, but again these laws often do not cover all forms of harassment, such as sexual harassment in the workplace, in schools and on the streets. One in five countries do not have appropriate laws against sexual harassment in employment. The proportion is six in 10 countries for sexual harassment in education, and four in five countries for sexual harassment in public spaces.
Global and Regional Trends in Women's Legal Protection Against Domestic Violence and Sexual Harassment draws on data from the Women, Business and Law report. The next edition of the report and its accompanying datasets are slated for release in late March.
The research on legal protection against domestic violence and sexual harassment is part of a larger program at the World Bank on gender-based violence. In June, the World Bank released estimates of the economic costs of child marriage, another form of gender-based violence. The research suggested, among other findings, that delaying marriage and investing in girls' education could reduce the risks of intimate partner violence for women.
Addressing GBV is now part of a number of projects at the World Bank in more than a dozen countries working through various sectors such as transport and social protection. In addition, in 2017, the World Bank announced a set of innovation grants, totaling $3.4 million over five years, designed to better prevent and respond to GBV. Focusing on its internal policies and procedures, the World Bank launched a GBV taskforce to strengthen the institution's response to issues involving sexual exploitation and abuse. The taskforce's recommendations led to an Action Plan outlining measures being undertaken to help prevent and respond appropriately to incidences of sexual exploitation and abuse, as well as other forms of GBV in projects it supports.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — A federal judge has ordered Kansas' top elections official to turn over a proposed change to federal voting rights laws that he took to a meeting with President Donald Trump.
After privately examining the documents, U.S. Magistrate James O'Hara ruled Monday that parts of documents from Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach are “unquestionably relevant” to a lawsuit challenging a state law requiring voters provide proof of their U.S. citizenship when registering.
The order also instructs Kobach to produce a related internal document about proposed changes to the National Voter Registration Act. The ruling allowed him to redact parts of the plan that did not involve the voting rights issues.
An Associated Press photo of that November meeting showed Kobach holding a paper outlining homeland security issues.
CLOSE Lady Vols coach Holly Warlick lauds team's effort and composure in win over Texas Dan Fleser
Tennessee center Mercedes Russell (21) and Texas forward Olamide Aborowa (14) fight for a rebound Sunday. (Photo: Brianna Paciorka/News Sentinel)
With players from three of its national championship teams in attendance, Tennessee honored its past on Sunday afternoon.
The effort that went into an 82-75 women's basketball victory over Texas before a crowd of 9,651 at Thompson-Boling Arena did a lot for the present as well.
More: UT Lady Vols use toughness to topple Texas
Center Mercedes Russell summed up what was learned from the result by saying: "We're pretty good. If that's the No. 2 team in the country (in AP poll), where do we stand now? 82-75, there's your answer right there."
No. 13 Tennessee (10-0) had a response for everything a gritty game and an experienced opponent threw its way, leading for nearly 38 minutes and never trailing. With its lead down to 74-73 with a minute left, young and old collaborated on the finish.
Senior Jaime Nared hit four free throws. Freshman Rennia Davis stole an inbounds pass with 30 seconds left and followed up with three free throws. Fellow freshman Anastasia Hayes, who had six of her points and two of her assists in the final quarter, also hit a free throw.
A championship alumna who wasn't in attendance still was watching and was impressed.
"Haven't seen a TN team play this hard and together in a long time," former Lady Vol Chamique Holdsclaw said via Twitter. "The future looks very bright."
Watching @LadyVol_Hoops against #2 Texas. Haven't seen a TN team play this hard and together in a long time. The future looks very bright. Nice to see some poise 🙌🏾😊😊#ladyvols#Tennesseepic.twitter.com/0arqmw80v0 — Chamique Holdsclaw (@Chold1) December 10, 2017
Nared led three double-figure scorers with 23 points and grabbed 13 rebounds. Fellow senior Russell also had a double-double with 15 points and 12 rebounds.
Freshman guard Evina Westbrook hit a new personal high with 15 points.
The game played out like two games in one. Both teams grasping for shooting accuracy and scoring traction for three quarters. Then it was a scoring sprint to the finish with Tennessee holding on but outscoring No. 4 Texas (7-1) 34-31 during the final 10 minutes.
The victory ended Tennessee's three-game losing streak in the series.
Eyes on Texas
Texas coach Karen Aston thought the Longhorns' play was "a little uncharacteristic" and put some of that observation on herself.
"We didn't look very well coached," she said. "That bothers me."
The Longhorns, who brought a plus-15.1 rebounding margin into the game, were outrebounded by Tennessee 50-48 and outscored in second-chance points 16-12. Tennessee also had a 40-38 edge in points from the foul-lane area. Those stats negated Texas' 19-13 edge in points off turnovers.
Tennessee attempted 18 more free throws (37-19) and outscored Texas at the free throw line 26-16.
"I thought Tennessee looked like a hungry team," Aston said. "They were a team that wanted to win this game badly on its home court."
Despite missing nearly three minutes of the fourth quarter after colliding with Russell, senior Ariel Atkins led Texas' scoring with 21 points. Fellow senior Brooke McCarty, the Longhorns other leading scorer this season, scored just eight points. She was one of three starters to foul out.
"Brooke took good shots," Aston said. "They just didn't go in today."
Championship reunion
Seventeen players from Tennessee's championship teams of 1987, 1997 and 2007 were recognized at halftime.
With team managers and guests, about 50 attended a celebration dinner on Saturday night.
Watch what you say
Westbrook detracted a bit from her scoring by drawing a technical call in the fourth quarter after blocking McCarty's shot.
"It was all emotions," Westbrook said. "Something I shouldn't have said after the play. I have to be smarter."
Westbrook also rebuked herself for seven turnovers.
"I can't have that," she said. "I have to take care of the ball better."
Up next
Tennessee is off for a week before resuming play at Long Beach State on Sunday.
The Lady Vols will play at Stanford on Dec. 21 before their Christmas break.
St. Louis University baseball player Parker Sniatynski has been suspended by the school and is facing allegations of sexual assault, according to a report by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
SLU, which won the Atlantic 10 Championship last weekend, announced Tuesday that Sniatynski's suspension was because of a violation of team policy.
But the school's Office of Student Responsibility & Community Standards had recommended that Sniatynski be expelled following investigation of the sexual assault allegation, according to a letter obtained by the Post-Dispatch.
That letter, according to the report, was dated last Friday before Sniatynski -- recently named to the All-Atlantic 10 team -- played in two weekend tournament games that advanced SLU to this weekend's NCAA regionals.
A female student had reported to the school's Title IX office on Jan. 26 that Sniatynski had sexually assaulted her while she was incapacitated from drinking on the night of Jan. 12, according to public documents cited in the report.
Student Responsibility & Community Standards director Katherine Weathers said in the letter she found the allegations credible after interviewing both the woman and Sniatynski.
The allegations had been turned over to campus police but no investigation was opened, according to the report.
“The Real Thing” and “Who We Are” are among the 19 international virtual-reality experiences set to compete at NewImages, a new Paris-based festival dedicated to international virtual-reality creations.
Replacing the Paris Virtual Film Festival, this new event will boast two competition lineups: one for contemplative VR films and another for immersive/standup VR.
Two prizes will be given by a jury comprising the filmmakers Hubert Charuel (whose debut feature “Petit Paysan” won three Cesar Awards), Marc Caro and Jan Kounen, as well as the producer Sophie Goupil from Les Poissons Volants and Myriam Achard.
World premieres include Benoit Felici and Mathias Chelebourg's “The Real Thing,” a VR documentary exploring urban myths in the suburbs of Shanghai; Jürgen Hansen and Pierre-Emmanuel Le Goff's “Dans la peau de Thomas Pesquet,” following a man who has dreamed of becoming an astronaut since childhood and participates in an intensive training with American astronaut Peggy Whitson; and Manuel Lefèvre and Frédéric Gourmet's “700 Requins dans la nuit” (pictured), an exploration of the Pacific Ocean where hundreds of sharks live and hunt.
Other contemplative VR titles in NewImages' roster include Trevor Snapp and Sam Wolson's “Who We Remain,” shedding light on the war raging in the Nuba Mountains of Sudan, and Kuan-Yuan Lai's “The Train Hamasen,” a fantasy short film about people from different cultures and ages who wait for a train to start a journey through time and space.
Among the immersive VR experiences competing are Stéphane Barbato's “Immersive Mugshots,” Patrick Boivin's “Trinity,” Pete Billington & Jessica Yaffa Shamash's “Wolves in the Walls” and Bohdon Sayre and Adam Volker's “Manifest 99.”
The inaugural edition of NewImages will have an African focus, featuring diverse VR works such as Selly Raby Kane's “The Other Dakar,” Jim Chuchu's “Let This Be a Warning,” Ng'endo Mukii's “Nairobi Berries” and Jonathan Dotse's “Spirit Robot.”
The event, which is set to run April 4-8 at the Forum des Images – the former venue of Series Mania – in the center of Paris, is expecting 10,000 participants. NewImages is being organized by the Paris Virtual Reality Film Festival and the French company I Love Transmedia.
Staff Reporter
Dr Shumaila Seemi Malik, an eminent professor of radiology at Services Institute of Medical Sciences Lahore, Wednesday donated an amount of rupees one million to the Government College University Lahore Endowment Fund Trust (GCU-EFT) for initiating two perpetual scholarships in the name of her parents, Muhammad Bashir Malik and Ghulam Aisha Malik. The silver scholarships would be given to the two financially-challenged students of GCU every year on merit and would cover their university dues. Dr Shumaila Seemi Malik and her husband, Prof Dr Safdar Ali Malik handed over the donation cheaque to Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Hassan Amir Shah at graceful ceremony at GCU, while GCU EFT Executive Committee Secretary Prof Dr Khalid Manzoor Butt was also present. Speaking on the occasion, Prof Butt said that GCU was the only public sector university in Pakistan which had an active endowment fund giving scholarships to deserving students. He said that costs of education were rising every year and collective efforts were required to help the bright students of the society who could not afford their academic expenses. He said that Prof Dr Safdar Ali Malik had already initiated two golden scholarships for financially-challenged students.
Muzaffarabad
Indian forces violated the ceasefire at the beginning of new year on Sunday by indulging in unprovoked firing at the civilian areas along the Line of Control.
According to details, the Indian forces opened firing in Poonch sector on Sundaymorning which continued for a while. After the Indian firing in Sher, Shakti and Doda areas of Poonch Sector, the Pakistan troops gave a befitting reply. The effective reply by Pakistan army silenced the Indian guns.
There are no reports of any loss of life.—INP
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young Premier League football star from Bristol, his mum and his friends from the city, have all admitted affray after a melee erupted with a separate group in a nightclub's VIP area.
Bottles were thrown and weapons used when Newcastle United winger Rolando Aarons and members of his family and friends clashed with at least five men in the trendy Livello bar on Newcastle's Quayside.
The England under-20 player, his mother Joan Jacob, 46, and four others were originally charged with violent disorder but the prosecution accepted their guilty pleas to the lesser charge of affray.
Judge Edward Bindloss, sitting at Newcastle Crown Court, warned jail was a possibility and said the 90-second brawl at 2am in October 2016 was 'a serious incident with personal violence being used and items being thrown'.
One man in the other group suffered a 'nasty' head injury, Judge Bindloss said, though this was caused indirectly after door staff intervened.
The judge said: “Rolando Aarons and family and friends were celebrating a birthday and they were in Livello. There was no indication of any trouble or problems hitherto.
“CCTV shows this incident blew up out of nowhere and suddenly there is a large melee involving numerous people.”
Judge Bindloss said the injured man was hurt when door staff tried to escort him away from trouble – though he stressed there was no criticism of the doormen working that night.
The venue has been compensated for damage caused, the judge said. Only the injured man from the other group had made a witness statement and his friends had not helped police, the court was told.
The judge added: “Some of them were clearly involved in using violence against Mr Aarons and his family and friends.”
A member of the other group was the first to throw anything, the judge said.
“It can be said he escalated the incident.”
Aarons, who was born in Jamaica and raised in Bristol, made an immediate impact when he broke into the Newcastle United first team.
He grew up as part of the Bristol City youth set-up that saw Bobby Reid and Joe Bryan come through, but he made the switch up to Newcastle United while still a 15-year-old, and joined their youth set-up on Tyneside.
He moved to the city with his family and made an impressive impact in 2014, when still an 18-year-old, when he began playing in the first team and scored in the Premiership.
But the 22-year-old suffered injury set-backs and has now been loaned out to Hellas Verona in Italy.
The defendants were Aarons and his mother, both of Montagu Avenue, Gosforth, Newcastle; his cousin Garfield White, 23, a serving prisoner formerly of Wordsworth Road, Horfield, and his friends Kallum Phillips, 23, of Kensington Park, Easton, and Jamar Collins, 22, of Walker Close, Easton.
Charges were dropped against White's sister Sabrina, 24, after it was accepted she acted as a peace-maker on the night.
The judge granted all defendants bail, except for Garfield White, ahead of sentencing on May 22.
The judge said: “All options remain open, including an immediate custodial sentence.”
Have your say
Youngsters have been busy at Peterborough Cathedral this week as two great workshops were set up for half term.
The interactive Cosmos exhibition (until June 3) offered children a chance to learn about the mind and body and the world around them.
Meanwhile the Time Explorers (until June 1) allows young visitors to experience Norman Peterborough through family craft activities
RAWALPINDI Jan 02 (APP): Commander of National Guard of the
Kingdom of Bahrain, Lt Gen Sheikh Mohamed Bin Isa Bin Salman Al-Khalifa on Monday visited General Headquarters and called on Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Qamar Javed Bajwa.
According to ISPR, the visiting dignitary congratulated General Qamar Javed Bajwa on assumption of Command of Pakistan Army.
During the meeting, matters related to regional security and professional interests were discussed.
J. T. Ackley was born December 8, 1947 in Hammon, Oklahoma to Velma Lee and Emory C. Ackley. He passed away February 7, 2017 at Sayre, Oklahoma at the age of 69 years, 1 month and 29 days. J. T. lived in Hammon until moving to Colorado Springs, Colorado and later Amarillo, Texas with his family until they returned to Hammon where he graduated from Hammon High School. He continued his education at Southwest Automotive school in Oklahoma City where he received his certificate in Paint and Body.
He was married to LaDonna Moore Ackley at Elk City, Oklahoma on December 18, 1970 and they made their home in the Berlin community. J. T. worked for Red Johnson Ford before working on his father-in-law's Dairy. He later drove a truck and worked maintenance at McDonald's, all the while he continued to farm and ranch. He enjoyed working with his cows and horses and was a member of the Berlin Saddle Club where he had served as President. J.T. loved spending time with his family.
He was preceded in death by his parents and 2 sisters, Floretta Jo Seright, Mary Katherine Gilliland, his mother-in-law, Helen Moore, and 3 brothers-in-law, Leon Gilliland, Doyle Seright, and Glenn Moore. He is survived by his wife, La- Donna Ackley, of the home; 3 children, Jodie Santangelo, Kristy Fihaley and husband, Phillip, and Kelsey Wynn all of Sayre; his father-in-law, Glenn Theodore Moore, Sayre, OK; a sister, Alta Ann Bergeron and husband, Sidney, Gray, LA; a sister-in-law, Linda Seright, Moore, OK; 9 grandchildren, Houston and wife, Nikki, Miranda, Sheridan, Stephanie, Matthew, Sarah, Melody, and Brianna; 2 great grandchildren, Angel and Jackson, and a host of other relatives and friends. In lieu of flowers, the family requests donations be made to the Berlin Cemetery, Berlin Fire Department or the Berlin Community Building.
Services will be held Monday, February 13, 2017 at 2:00 pm at Rose Chapel. Burial will be at Berlin Cemetery under the direction of Rose Chapel Funeral Service. Condolences can be made online at www.whineryfs.com
A Kenilworth cyclist has raised almost £6,000 for Myton Hospice as a way of repaying the care they gave to his mother.
Jason Caddy, 40, of Rounds Hill, completed two lengthy cycle challenges in July and August to raise the money.
And he recently presented a cheque worth £5,892.91 to Myton to formally pass on the money he raised.
Jason's mother Carol spent ten days in the Warwick hospice before she died in February, and he felt he had to do something to pay Myton back.
He had already raised £920 at Carol's funeral and wanted to build on that figure.
He said: “I saw the figure about a bed costing £535 a day and thought ‘I want to pay for mum's stay' and that's how it all started really.
“My mum was very much about paying her way and she never wanted to be a burden so it was nice to be able to raise the money.
“As a family we really applaud the services they offered.”
Jason's first long ride was the ‘Wales in a Day' challenge, which saw him cycle 185 miles from Caernarfon in north Wales all the way to Chepstow in the south. It took him more than 12 hours and involved 15,000 feet of climbing.
And his second challenge just six weeks after was Myton's 100-mile cycle challenge, another tough ride which took him through Warwickshire and the Cotswolds.
This was all after only taking up cycling four years ago.
Jason said: “I did a fair amount of cycling before, but nothing as extreme as Wales. I trained as much as I could.
“It was a tough day in the saddle - we started at 4am and we were up and down all day.”
Jason is thinking of taking on more challenges in the future to raise more money for the hospice, and his sister Shelley is toying with the idea of doing a charity skydive.
The assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother thrust national security to the forefront of the agenda of South Korea's unfolding presidential competition on Wednesday.
Presidential hopefuls from ruling and opposition camps united in condemning North Korea but stuck different tones on how to deal with the unpredictable regime.
(Yonhap)
Conservative contenders from the ruling Liberty Korea Party and the splinter Bareun Party said the killing of Kim Jong-nam in Malaysia on Monday underscores the need for South Korea to take a tougher line against the North, which they suspected is behind the attack.Rep. Yoo Seong-min, a hopeful from the Bareun Party, said South Korea must deploy two or three Terminal High Altitude Area Defenseunits of its own to better cope with North Korean provocations.Liberal opposition parties oppose the deployment of the US missile shield, questioning its effectiveness and the negative impact it has on Seoul's relations with Beijing and Moscow.Gyeonggi Gov. Nam Kyung-pil, from the same party, also urged South Korea to bolster its defense posture.Former six-term lawmaker Rhee In-je, a potential contender from the Liberty Korea Party, said, "The assassination of Kim Jong-nam proves Pyongyang is gripped by anxiety. A power becomes most violent when it faces the end."Rep. Won Yoo-chul of the ruling party repeated his argument that South Korea should seek its own nuclear armament.Hopefuls from the opposition parties joined in on condemning North Korea and called for enhanced security measures, but refrained from jumping to the conclusion that Pyongyang was behind the attack."If it was a political assassination, it would be an unimaginable act of brutality," Moon Jae-in, former head of the main opposition Democratic Party said. "The government must promptly find out facts and objectively analyze its impact on national security.""North Korea is not a normal country," Moon said. "We should always roll out inter-Korean policies considering that it is an unpredictable counterpart."An Hee-jung, governor of South Chungcheong Province and affiliated with the opposition party, said, "We don't know whether the incident derived from the instability of the North Korean regime, or other issues, but it is shocking."Seongnam Mayor Lee Jae-myung of the party also said the incident should work as an opportunity for people to pay more attention to the issue of human rights in North Korea. (Yonhap)
Uma Thurman has signed on for a starring role in the upcoming Netflix series “Chambers,” Variety has confirmed.
The series follows a young heart attack survivor who becomes consumed by the mystery surrounding the heart that saved her life. However, the closer she gets to uncovering the truth about her donor's sudden death, the more she starts taking on the characteristics of the deceased, some of which are troublingly sinister.
Thurman will play Nancy, the mother of a heart donor who forges a hesitant relationship with the young recipient only to find out her daughter may not be as dead as she thought.
Thurman is known for her roles in films like Quentin Tarantino's “Kill Bill” franchise and “Pulp Fiction.” She has also collaborated multiple times with controversial filmmaker Lars von Trier, both in “Nymphomaniac” and more recently in “The House That Jack Built.” On the television side, she previously appeared in shows like Bravo's “Imposters,” the NBC miniseries “The Slap,” and the NBC series “Smash.”
Thurman's deal was brokered by The Artist's Partnership, Jonathan Sanders & Co., and Untitled Entertainment.
“Chambers” was developed by Super Deluxe, the digital studio of Turner, and marks the digital service's first full-length series order. Netflix has ordered a 10-episode first season.
Leah Rachel serves as writer. She will also serve as executive producer and co-showrunner alongside “Luke Cage's” Akela Cooper. Stephen Gaghan will executive produce via Super Emotional, while Super Deluxe's Wolfgang Hammer and Winnie Kemp will also executive produce.
Deadline first reported Thurman's casting.
The Floyd Mayweather-Conor McGregor megafight, which many think could approach the $600 million-plus revenue record set by Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao in 2015, actually was not that difficult to make once the talks turned serious.
That was the assertion from Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe, UFC president Dana White and Stephen Espinoza, head of Showtime Sports, which will produce and distribute the Aug. 26 fight on Showtime PPV from the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
Editor's Picks It's on: Mayweather-McGregor fight finalized The much-anticipated boxing match between undefeated Floyd Mayweather Jr. and MMA superstar Conor McGregor will take place Aug. 26 in Las Vegas.
Mayweather heavy favorite in McGregor fight Now that the blockbuster boxing match is official, Floyd Mayweather is a -1,100 favorite at the Westgate SuperBook in Las Vegas, with Conor McGregor paying back +700. 1 Related
Hours after the deal for the 12-round fight at 154 pounds was announced on Wednesday, all three spoke to the media on a conference call, and by the tone of their voices they sounded as though they'd be willing to hold hands and sing songs together.
So were there any major points of contention in making a deal that will match Mayweather, one of boxing's all-time greats -- who will end a 2½-year retirement at age 40 -- with UFC superstar McGregor in what will be McGregor's professional boxing debut?
"There really weren't any," White said. "It's been one of the smoothest deals we've ever done."
"It was one of the smoothest I've ever been involved in," Espinoza said.
Ellerbe added, "I third that. This is really gonna be a lot of fun. I can't wait to get started with this."
There are still some details to be ironed out even though the deal is done. That includes determining the cost of the pay-per-view, ticket prices, the specific broadcast team and figuring out what kind of media tour the fighters will embark on, but all of that will be taken care of in the next week or so, they said.
"Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor are such unique individuals," White said. "It's a fun fight. This isn't some fight we went out to make or build. This thing built itself. The fans wanted to see this thing, the media went crazy for it and here we are."
White initially was not in favor of having McGregor (21-3), a 28-year-old southpaw, cross over to boxing, but he eventually came around because of McGregor's steadfast desire for the fight and because of the massive amount of money involved. McGregor had to have the UFC sign off on the bout because he is under contract to the company.
White said he expected negotiations to be difficult and was pleasantly surprised they were so smooth.
"It's the right fight in the right place at the right time," he said. "I thought it would be impossible to deal with Floyd Mayweather, Mayweather Promotions, [Mayweather adviser and principal negotiator] Al Haymon and Showtime."
In the end the deal was made with little pain on either side.
"It's an event that got done so quickly because there was a spirit of collaboration," Espinoza said. "It's going to be a massive promotion."
White lauded McGregor's intense desire for the fight. Even though McGregor will make much more money for the bout than he has ever made in a UFC fight, White said it came down to McGregor's competitive spirit.
"He's fired up for this fight," White said. "If you look at Conor and the reason this fight is so big and the reason he's such a huge superstar it's because he will fight anybody, anywhere, any time. He will step in and fight Floyd Mayweather. He'll fight anybody. That's why people love him.
"This kid eats pressure like nobody I've ever seen. He's stepping into Floyd's world and I'm really excited to see how he handles it that night and really excited to see his game plan."
Even though Mayweather (49-0, 26 KOs) is a massive favorite, Ellerbe made the case for McGregor, talking about how his strength in MMA is his stand-up game and punching power.
"When Conor steps in there with his stand-up game I'm very impressed," Ellerbe said. "Even when he grazes them it's like, 'Damn! He f----- him up.' He better not graze Floyd with one those punches. I'm a realist. Floyd is 40 years old. He's been off for a minute. He needs to get himself up. Conor has been active and he's been knocking guys out. We'd be damn fools to sleep on him. Floyd's ass is getting out there running. He knows Conor is coming for him.
"[McGregor] can nick you and [Mayweather] can be buzzed. One thing about Conor McGregor is we know you got to pay him very close attention because when he touches people they fall out."
Said White: "Is [McGregor] at the level of a Floyd Mayweather as far as boxing goes? No, but he's a southpaw and if you want to say there's ever been a kink in the armor of Floyd Mayweather, he's had it with southpaws, and if he gets hit [by McGregor] he will go. But will he be able to touch Floyd in a 12-round fight?"
Neither side would address the financial details of the bout because of a confidentiality clause in their agreement, although most assume Mayweather's side is getting the lion's share.
"Nobody is bummed out about the deal," White said.
It might seem a stretch to think the fight will surpass the economic success of the long-awaited Mayweather-Pacquiao fight -- which dramatically failed to live up to the hype -- including a record 4.6 million pay-per-view buys, but they made the case that it could.
"This has a different kind of feel," Ellerbe said. "This is more of a mainstream global event. This is something the fans want to see. [McGregor has] done a tremendous job promoting himself and Dana has done a tremendous job promoting him and he's the biggest star in his sport. And we all know what Floyd brings to the table. The fans are the ones who demanded it.
"When the fans are demanding the fight you got to figure it out and get it done. It's a total different feel from the Pacquiao fight. It's an unknown factor."
"Yes, of course, why not," Ellerbe said of the fight's chances of reaching at least $500 million in revenue. "With Mayweather-Pacquiao that was a fight the fans had been talking about for years. There's not one place I go to or Floyd goes to or anyone affiliated or associated with Floyd Mayweather goes who don't get asked, 'Are you going to fight Conor McGregor?' This is a very, very hot fight. This is a fight the fans want. This is going to be a tremendous event."
Espinoza was closely involved in putting together Mayweather-Pacquiao and said he thinks Mayweather-McGregor could do better than that fight.
"We're not only drawing fans from the universe of boxing fans or the universe of MMA fans but this fight taps into the audience who doesn't follow either sport," he said. "It's such a spectacle. People not interested in either of these guys are interested in this fight. That was untapped for Mayweather-Pacquiao."
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has two proposals on how to secure a frictionless border with EU member Ireland after Brexit, a new customs partnership or a “highly streamlined approach” to customs, Northern Ireland minister James Brokenshire said on Sunday.
Britain's Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire arrives in Downing Street, London, November 21, 2017. REUTERS/Simon Dawson
“We set out two proposals in relation to how we would deal with the issue of tariffs, how we would deal with those sorts of elements in relation to customs whether that be a new customs partnership where we would effectively apply a similar or the same tariff that the EU currently applies to goods coming into the EU, or a highly streamlined approach with effectively exemptions that would apply for small business,” he told Sky News.
GUATEMALA CITY (Reuters) - Thousands of previously unknown ancient Maya structures, including pyramids, palaces and causeways, have been revealed in Guatemala following an investigation by a team of international archaeologists using ground-penetrating laser technology.
The find allowed the researchers to map the outlines of what they describe as dozens of newly discovered Maya cities hidden under thick jungle foliage centuries after they were abandoned by their original inhabitants, according to a statement issued on Thursday by Guatemala's PACUNAM foundation.
The ancient Maya civilization was one of the most advanced to arise in Mesoamerica, marked by sophisticated mathematics and engineering that allowed it to spread throughout present-day Central America and southern Mexico.
The research used so-called LIDAR technology that utilizes light from lasers to construct a detailed survey of buried structures.
“The fortified structures and large causeways reveal modifications to the natural landscape made by the Maya on a previously unimaginable scale,” said Francisco Estrada-Belli of Tulane University.
The team of archaeologists surveyed more than 810 square miles (2,100 sq km) of the Peten jungle and even revealed a pyramid in the heart of the ancient Maya city of Tikal, a major tourist destination in northeastern Guatemala.
The pyramid measures nearly 100 feet (30 meters) tall and was previously thought to be a small mountain.
The earliest Maya settlements were constructed around 1,000 B.C., and most major Maya cities collapsed by 900 A.D. The cause of the collapse remains the focus of intense academic debate.
A A A
APNewsBreak: Ex-VA exec says he wasn't told hospital cost
By DAN ELLIOTT
, Associated Press
FILE- In this June 8, 2017, file photo, traffic passes by the campus of the Veterans Administration hospital under construction in Aurora, Colo. Glenn Haggstrom, the former top construction official for the Veterans Affairs Department, told The Associated Press he was astounded by the price of the hospital under construction outside Denver and that he was never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski, File) FILE- In this June 8, 2017, file photo, traffic passes by the campus of the Veterans Administration hospital under construction in Aurora, Colo. Glenn Haggstrom, the former top construction official for the Veterans Affairs Department, told The Associated Press he was astounded by the price of the hospital under construction outside Denver and that he was never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski, File) FILE - In this April 22, 2014 file photo, a man works on a facade during construction of a new Veterans Administration hospital in the Denver suburb of Aurora, Colo. Glenn Haggstrom, the former top construction official for the Veterans Affairs Department who retired in 2015, told The Associated Press he was astounded by the price of the hospital under construction outside Denver and that he was never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion. (RJ Sangosti/The Denver Post via AP, File) . . 1 of 2 . . More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — A former Veterans Affairs Department executive who was harshly criticized by Congress for massive cost overruns at a new Colorado VA medical center said he was never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion before he left the agency, and does not know how it happened.
"I'm just astounded, quite frankly, I'm absolutely astounded," Glenn Haggstrom told The Associated Press in a rare interview.
Haggstrom, who was the VA's top construction official when the project nearly collapsed amid legal disputes and skyrocketing costs, said the last estimate he heard from the builder before he was removed from the project was about $890 million.
Haggstrom said had been made a scapegoat, and that responsibility for the failures was widespread within the agency. But he acknowledged that he had a role because he was director of the VA's Office of Acquisition, Logistics and Construction.
"As the leader of that organization you do bear the responsibility," said Haggstrom, who retired in March 2015 amid an internal VA investigation into the costs.
The medical center, under construction in the Denver suburb of Aurora, has been a monumental embarrassment for the VA.
The initial construction contract was awarded in 2010 with a projected cost around $590 million. But after years of disputes among the VA, the contractor and the design team, an independent government panel called the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals ruled in December 2014 that the VA had violated the contract by not giving the builders, the Kiewit-Turner joint venture, a design that could be built within budget.
The VA then asked the Army Corps of Engineers to estimate the cost, and the answer, delivered in March 2015, was a staggering $1.73 billion. The Corps took over management of the project, and the medical center is expected to be completed next year for about $1.7 billion.
Multiple investigations concluded the costs got out of hand because the VA did not oversee the project closely enough, did not assign enough officials to it, approved lavish design elements, failed to get the designers and builders to agree on the design and tried to use a complicated form of construction contract that agency executives did not fully understand.
The VA's inspector general, an internal watchdog, said last year that Haggstrom knew the project was veering toward huge cost overruns but didn't tell lawmakers when he testified before Congress in 2013 and 2014. That prompted lawmakers to call for a perjury investigation, but the Justice Department decided last month not to file charges, citing insufficient evidence.
Haggstrom told the AP he had been given conflicting information about the project.
He said cost projections kept rising, and the highest estimate he saw from Kiewit-Turner was about $890 million. He said the VA removed him from the project before the Corps of Engineers compiled its estimate.
"This thing is a moving target," he said.
Kiewit-Turner spokesman Tom Janssen said the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals clearly faulted the VA for the problems. He quoted from the board's decision: "We find that the behavior of the VA has not comported with the standards of good faith and fair dealing required by law."
Haggstrom said the architectural and engineering team had repeatedly assured him it could be built within budget. The architects and engineers, a group of four companies known as the Joint Venture Team, said it had done what the contract required.
"The JVT worked diligently to ensure the project was designed to meet the standards set ... within the budget and on time," spokesman Andy Boian said.
Haggstrom declined to identify any other VA officials he thought shared the responsibility for the problems.
"I'm not going to pin this on anybody because this was a decision that was made by the department," he said.
Haggstrom said he decided to retire because the members of the panel conducting the internal VA inquiry, called an administrative investigation board, did not have skills to sort out what happened.
"I didn't want to be a part of that process," he said.
Haggstrom said a high-ranking VA official had been pressuring him to retire for weeks, but he declined to say who it was.
The investigation board's report, obtained by the AP through an open records request, echoed many criticisms of previous reviews.
No one has been fired or criminally charged over the project, angering members of Congress. Lawmakers were incensed when Haggstrom retired with full benefits, but the VA said he was legally entitled to do so.
Congress this week passed a bill designed to make it easier for the VA to fire employees and allowing the department to reduce an employee's pension for negligence or mismanaging funds — in part a response to the Colorado project.
Last year, Congress stripped the VA of the authority to manage large construction projects and turned it over to the Corps of Engineers, also a reaction to the Colorado project.
Haggstrom said some VA employees were unfairly criticized for the failures when they were trying to get the project completed, and they made numerous cost-cutting suggestions, most of which were rejected by higher-ups.
"They're being vilified for it," he said.
___
Follow Dan Elliott at http://twitter.com/DanElliottAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/dan%20elliott.
Happy Fourth of July – or maybe not.
The Democratic National Committee's annual Fourth of July statement reflects its long-standing tensions with President Donald Trump.
While hailing the nation's founding ideal of equality for all, DNC chairman Tom Perez said in the statement, "we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families."
Adding that "everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack," Perez referred to problems surrounding low-paying jobs, health care, immigration, injustice to people of color and members or the LGBTQ community, a recent Supreme Court decision on public unions, and the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy.
"Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border," Perez said. "At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before."
While he did not cite Trump by name, Perez's list deals with White House policies.
Perez closed by saying, "as we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
The Republicans, in control of the White House and Congress, issued a more upbeat statement about the Fourth of July.
"As we celebrate more than two centuries of independence, we honor the patriots who declared America a free nation in 1776," said Ronna McDaniel, chairwoman of the Republican National Committee. "We also remember and thank our service members for their lasting dedication and countless sacrifices to guard our liberties."
McDaniel pledged "to uphold America's founding principles and continue to fight for our inalienable rights: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all."
Here is the Democratic statement in full:
“Nearly two and a half centuries ago, a band of patriots gathered in Philadelphia to declare that ‘all men are created equal.' Our nation has changed dramatically since those words were first written on parchment. Generations of brave Americans – from service members to civil rights activists – have fought to expand the promise of equality for more Americans and move our country forward in its march toward a more perfect union. “As we celebrate our nation's independence, we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families. Too many members of our society are still struggling to find a good-paying job or get the health care they need. Too many women, LGBTQ Americans, people of color, and people with disabilities still face inequality and injustice across our society. “Everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack. Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border. At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before. “The Democratic Party believes that all people are created equal – no matter who they are, where they come from, who they love, or how they pray. As we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
LAHORE, Jul 04 (APP):Former Pakistan Super League Champion Peshawar Zalmi, has received another great honor for being the most valuable brand in the third edition of Pakistan Super League.
“It is a big achievement for us that Zalmi has been declared the most valuable brand of the PSL for the second successive year by the American company Nielsen “, said a spokesman of Peshawar Zalmi here on Wednesday.
In addition to this, they also declared Haier as the most impressive shirt logo, along with all Zalmi-related sponsors for the second time as well.
Nielsen, gave Peshawar Zalmi the honor by carefully assessing the brand for its superb branding, media and social media campaigns. If we fast-rewind to last year, Nielsen had declared the former champs of PSL number one last year as well, he added.
According to Nielsen, Peshawar Zalmi has performed exceptionally well on all metrics related to brand value on media and social media and this has led Peshawar Zalmi to become the best franchise of Pakistan Super League for the second time in a row.
“Nielsen also mentioned that Peshawar Zalmi Fans are the highest in number as compared to other PSL franchises”, he asserted.
Javed Afridi, chairman of Peshawar Zalmi and Zalmi Foundation, said that the Peshawar Zalmi team thanks the players and all the fans, for being a part of our journey on becoming the best franchise. He expressed his determination that the ‘ Bring Back Smiles' project will be achieved through cricket in KP Pakistan, and we will also extend beyond cricket through other activities in this region.
He said that his wish is that in the fourth season of PSL, Peshawar Zalmi plays a few matches in Peshawar, which is their home ground and the fans get to witness their heroes live in front of their eyes.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Britain and the European Union agreed on Monday to a transition period to avoid a “cliff edge” Brexit next year — though only after London accepted a potential solution for Northern Ireland's land border that may face stiff opposition at home.
The pound surged on confirmation that Britain would remain effectively a non-voting EU member for 21 months until the end of 2020. Some business leaders, however, echoed a warning from EU negotiator Michel Barnier that the deal is legally binding only if London agrees the whole withdrawal treaty by next March.
That means solving outstanding issues, notably how to avoid a “hard border” that could disrupt peace in Northern Ireland. Britain says an EU-UK free trade deal to be sealed by 2021 can do that. But Dublin insists the Brexit treaty must lock in a “backstop” arrangement in case that future pact does not work.
Both sides are committed to keeping a free flow of people and goods over the intra-Irish border without returning to checkpoints, as during the three decades of violence in Northern Ireland. However, finding a practical solution for any customs checks needed post-Brexit has proved elusive so far.
The dispute with Ireland had threatened to derail May's hopes of a formal political endorsement of the transition deal by EU leaders when they meet in Brussels on Friday. A weekend of intensive talks, however, has broken the deadlock — for now.
Prime Minister Theresa May, who relies on pro-British Northern Ireland members of parliament to pass her Brexit legislation, had rejected a fallback proposed by Brussels three weeks ago. She said an EU offer to keep Northern Ireland under EU trade rules would isolate the province from the mainland.
However, her Brexit Secretary David Davis, in Brussels, has now signed up to following similar principles as negotiators resume work to find an “operational” compromise. Dublin said it was happy to accept as it bound London in to not “backsliding” on pledges May had made on the issue in December..
“We agree on the need to include legal text detailing the ‘backstop' solution for the border,” Davis told a news conference with Barnier. “But it remains our intention to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland.”
The question will remain as to whether negotiations on the future trade partnership between Britain and the EU, which are expected to start only next month after EU leaders endorse Barnier's negotiating guidelines on Friday, can produce results — and quickly enough to avoid having language in the withdrawal treaty that Britain, and May's Belfast allies, cannot accept.
Her Democratic Unionist Party allies said the “announcement” did not concern them as it left the border issue unresolved.
Longer term, the transition deal may buy people time but business still faces a “cliff edge” of uncertainty come 2021.
Britain's Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis and European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier address a joint news conference in Brussels, Belgium March 19, 2018. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
“DECISIVE DAY”
Davis agreed with Barnier that Monday's agreement was “decisive” and increased the odds on finding an orderly deal to avoid Europe's second biggest economy simply crashing out of the bloc in just over a year. He hailed the certainty that the deals on the transition and other issues, including rights for expatriate citizens, would offer businesses and individuals.
However, Barnier warned: “A decisive step remains a step; we are not at the end of the road and there still remains a lot of work to be done, including on Ireland and Northern Ireland.”
The two sides issued a new, 129-page draft withdrawal treaty that was awash with green highlighter denoting final agreement on large areas of the legal text, including transition. Diplomats put the level of “green” agreement at over 80 percent.
The pound rose as much as one percent against the dollar to $1.4088 GBP=D3, its strongest since Feb. 16.
Slideshow (8 Images)
TRADE BENEFITS
Davis, who unlike May campaigned for Brexit, said he was pleased with EU agreement to let Britain negotiate and sign trade deals with other countries while remaining covered by EU common trade policy during the transition. Those deals would then take effect once Britain was free to do so in 2021.
He also welcomed wording that gives Britain some say in EU policy during the transition, notably on fishing quotas, and an ability to refuse to implement things it did not agree with — some of his Conservative party allies have complained that the transition deal would leave Britain a “vassal state” of the EU.
The Leave Means Leave campaign accused him of “caving in” on the Irish border. Brexit firebrand Nigel Farage said “Theresa the Appeaser” had “let people down again” by agreeing to EU demands to keep free immigration during the transition.
More troublingly for May's prospects of steering the treaty through parliament, her own party's leader in Scotland, fierce Brexit critic Ruth Davidson, said the transition was a bad deal — for letting the EU retain power over British fishing grounds.
The EU secured agreement that Britain would offer residence rights to EU citizens who arrive after Brexit but before 2021. However, Britain also notched some gains it had pushed for.
The 27 other EU member states have remained closely aligned, though they have differing interests which diplomats say are starting to emerge in discussions about future trade. All have backed Irish demands on the border, although some of Britain's nearest neighbors, with most trade to lose from Brexit, also pushed for a quick transition deal to help their own businesses.
But many EU diplomats said they felt London had largely agreed to their terms on most issues because of May's political imperative to get a transition deal that may calm the fears of businesses contemplating moving investments out of Britain.
One EU diplomat said: “The Brits have just given in on everything, so big was their drive to get the transition.”
* Euro near multi-year peaks on yen, dollar
* Bond yields spike as inflation expectations flare
* BOJ offers to buy unlimited bonds to stop yields rising
* Bitcoin tumbles further from December's record high
By Swati Pandey
SYDNEY, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The euro neared multi-year peaks on Friday as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries jumped to a near four-year peak, markedly steepening the curve and squeezing out investors who had feverishly bet on a tighter spread between longer-dated and short-dated yields.
Global central banks have recently struck a more hawkish tone with impressive economic data and buoyant oil prices driving up long-term inflation expectations.
The European Central Bank, for one, is widely expected to end its asset-purchase programme as early as September. That has pushed five-year German Bund yields above zero for the first time since 2015. UK gilt prices also cheapened significantly.
Investors reacted by bidding the euro broadly higher from a 2-1/2 year top on the yen and a three-year peak on the dollar at $1.2509.
Yet rising U.S. yields have failed to prop up the dollar index, which paused around a three-year trough.
“The trade weighted dollar continued to weaken very broadly in 2018 with the two key pillars being growth strengthening elsewhere in the world, supporting emerging market forex... and central bank divergence narrowing, supporting euro, yen and British pound,” JP Morgan analyst Charles Perrin wrote in a note to clients.
“The currency was also dragged by U.S. politics.”
The United States is witnessing deep partisan political divisions and intra-party squabbles with lawmakers unable to find common ground on most issues. The federal government shut down last month for three days when Republicans and Democrats failed to strike a deal to fund public operations.
The dollar is not far off a 4-1/2 month low against the yen .
The Bank of Japan did its best to stem the rise in borrowing costs, stepping into the market on Friday with a promise to buy as many bonds as it would take to keep yields low.
Investors now await the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for January, for clues on the strength of the labour market.
Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
Bitcoin, the world's biggest cryptocurrency, continued to tumble after hitting a record high $19,666 in December on the Bitstamp exchange. It was last down 3.4 percent at a more than two-month trough of $8,690.
The digital coin had skidded to its lowest since November, as a Facebook ban on cryptocurrency adverts and a growing regulatory backlash against the nascent market frightened investors.
UNEASE IN EQUITIES
Asian shares stumbled, with Korean and Japanese benchmark indices falling more than 1 percent .
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.3 percent and away from a record high.
Wall Street saw a mixed closing on Thursday with the Dow up 0.1 percent, the S&P 500 marginally off and Nasdaq down 0.35 percent.
High-profile tech companies reported after the closing bell on Wall Street, with Amazon.com surging 6 percent as it reported the largest profit in its history.
Alphabet was down nearly 3 percent in extended trade after its earnings missed estimates and Apple bounced more than 3 percent.
In commodities, gold hovered near a six-month peak at $1,348.9 an ounce.
Oil rose after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production.
U.S. crude rose 33 cents to $66.13 per barrel and Brent edged 18 cents higher to $69.83.
Emily Ratajkowski is the undisputed master of effortlessly cool style and here she is proving it once more in a pretty red floral sun dress and a pair of classic Reeboks.
Thanks to a hefty dose of nineties nostalgia, old school trainers have really made a comeback. Everything from basketball boots, to Adidas Originals and of course Reebok classics.
This summer, the fashion-pack are wearing theirs with pretty sun dresses, midis and skirts for a cool contrast, as Emily is demonstrating perfectly here!
Share on: WhatsApp
It is a divine ritual, a martial art, a combat sport—it's sumo!!
A "small" new student, Ushio Hinomaru, appears before the weak little sumo club of Oodachi High School! The words "big" and "heavy" are the rules to this sport, which does not fit this newbie any inch, but this guy goes and does what...!? Ushio and the small sumo club climbs its way to the top!
The goal is Hinoshita Kaisan (a title for the highest rank in professional sumo, equivalent of Yokozuna)!
A fired up high school sumo tale—no retakes allowed!!
The Hinomaru Zumō anime was only just announced back in January and we already have our first teaser trailer. The show's official Twitter account revealed that the series will premiere in October.The first trailer (see below) has fans excited, however, some fans of the manga are worried that they've made Hinomaru a little too handsome.Shonen anime has recently experimented with cycling, cooking, ballroom dancing, figure skating and has even created its own body-humping combat sport in recent years. There's even an upcoming anime centered on the world of competitive badminton . Will Hinomaru Zumo shake the ground beneath its rivals feet and open-palm slap its way to carving out its very own Kimarite? We'll find out this Fall!
(Reuters) - Most Asian currencies weakened against the dollar on Tuesday as caution prevailed ahead of an outcome from the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy meeting this week.
FILE PHOTO: A China yuan note is seen in this illustration photo May 31, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White/Illustration/File Photo
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major peers, was up 0.07 percent at 93.932.
“We have seen relatively little volatility in Asian currencies,” said Chang Wei Liang, an FX strategist with Mizuho Bank. “Markets are in a wait-and-watch mode ahead of the FOMC meeting.”
The Philippine peso was down nearly quarter of a percent on the day, weighed down by data showing a record trade deficit of $2.85 billion in October.
China's yuan slipped on rising dollar demand from corporates, while the Malaysian ringgit also declined on the day.
The Thai baht and the South Korean won advanced against the dollar.
The Bank of Thailand said on Tuesday it had intervened this year to slow the strengthening of the baht to reduce the impact on businesses.
With a near 10 percent rise, the baht is the third best-performing Asian currency against the dollar this year.
While a Fed rate hike this week is largely priced in, analysts said the focus will be more on the 2018 “dot plot”.
The “dot plot” is policymakers' rate projections and provides a view into their interest rate outlook.
If the Fed maintains its current dot plot with three hikes for 2018, the dollar will strengthen against Asian currencies, said Mizuho's Wei Liang.
“But at the same time, it is not going to be substantial, given that we still have strong numbers coming up from Asia, such as Chinese trade data, which suggests global trade recovery is still on a firm footing.”
On Monday, the central banks of Indonesia, Malaysia, and Thailand launched a framework aimed at increasing direct settlement of transactions in their local currencies to reduce the current dependence on the U.S. dollar.
This framework should insulate the three currencies to a certain extent from dollar volatility and give them greater stability, Maybank said in a report.
INDIAN RUPEE
The Indian rupee was down 0.2 percent ahead of inflation data, which a Reuters poll found is expected to surge to a 13-month high in November.
Indian bond yields spiked for a fourth straight session to their highest in more than 15 months on concerns of inflation
breaching the central bank's medium-term target of 4 percent in November.
“We are mindful that, unlike the past couple of years, crude oil prices are higher and adding pressure to India's inflation and current account deficit,” DBS said in a report.
Some analysts believe countries with larger current account deficits will see their currencies depreciate faster against the dollar next year.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 1:11 pm |
Patrick Conway, director of the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation, in the center's offices in Baltimore County, Md. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Heart attacks and broken hips cause much suffering and worry as people grow older. This year, Medicare wants to start changing how it pays for treatment of these life-threatening conditions, to promote quality and contain costs. Beneficiaries and family members may notice a new approach.
Hospitals and doctors in dozens of communities selected for large-scale experiments on this front are already gearing up. The goal is to test the notion that better coordination among clinicians, hospitals and rehab centers can head off complications, prevent avoidable hospital re-admissions and help patients achieve more stable and enduring recoveries. If results back that up, Medicare can adopt the changes nationwide.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments are the latest development in a big push under the Obama administration to reinvent Medicare, steering the program away from paying piecemeal for services, regardless of quality and cost. It's unclear whether Donald Trump as president will continue the pace of change, slow down or even hit pause.
Trump's Health and Human Services nominee, orthopedic-surgeon-turned-congressman Tom Price, has expressed general concern that the doctor-patient relationship could be harmed by Medicare payment changes seeking to contain costs. And the Medicare division that designed the experiments — the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation — is itself under threat of being abolished because it was created by President Barack Obama's 2010 health care law.
Some outside groups, including AARP, worry that Medicare may be moving too fast and that focusing on cost containment could lead to beneficiaries being shortchanged on rehab care.
Innovation center director Patrick Conway, who also serves as Medicare's chief medical officer, is plowing ahead nonetheless. “Delivery system reform and paying for better care are bipartisan issues,” Conway said. And quality ranks ahead of cost savings in evaluating any results, he added.
The cardiac and hip fracture experiments focus on traditional Medicare, which remains the choice of nearly 7 in 10 out of Medicare's 57 million beneficiaries. The cardiac experiment involves both heart bypass and heart attack patients. The trials join similar ongoing tests involving surgery for hip and knee replacement, as well as care for cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
In the experiments, doctors, hospitals, and rehab centers get paid the regular Medicare rates. But hospitals are given responsibility for overall quality and cost, measured against benchmarks set by Medicare. If the hospital meets or exceeds the goals, it earns a financial bonus, which can be shared with other service providers. If the hospital falls short, it may have to pay the government money.
“Now your doctor and hospital are working together to make sure they are well coordinated,” said Conway.
Under the old system, if a patient was discharged from the hospital after a heart attack, “they might hand you a piece of paper that said please follow up with your primary care doctor,” Conway continued. “In this model, the hospital is going to have a strong incentive to make sure you follow up.”
Overall, about 168,000 Medicare beneficiaries are treated for heart attacks in a given year, while 48,000 undergo heart bypass surgery for clogged arteries and 109,000 have surgery for broken hips.
Around the country, hospitals in 98 metro areas will be involved in the cardiac experiment. The hip surgery experiment involves 67 areas that are also part of Medicare's ongoing test with hip and knee replacements.
Areas in the cardiac test include Boston, as well as Akron, Ohio; Charleston, South Carolina; Fort Collins, Colorado; Utica, New York; and Yuma, Arizona. A smaller group of communities will be involved in a related experiment that pays hospitals for coordinating rehab care for heart patients. Although the benefits of cardiac rehab are widely recognized, only a small share of patients receives it.
The hip fracture test includes the Miami, New York, and Los Angeles metro areas, as well as Austin, Texas; Bismarck, North Dakota; Flint, Michigan, and New Orleans.
Hospitals are not happy with the changes, though doctors have generally been supportive. A big concern for hospitals is that Medicare requires mandatory participation by all the facilities in areas selected for these tests. But Conway says that's likely to lead to even better results. The idea is that hospitals will watch each other's performance closely, and the ones that have room to improve will try to catch the high achievers.
RETAILERS were hit by a drastic drop in the number of bargain-hunting shoppers passing through their doors on New Year's Day, figures show.
Shopping centres saw footfall plummet by almost half (49.5%) compared to the same day in 2016, according to research from retail analysts Springboard.
The high streets were also noticeably sparser of customers this year, down 12.7% on the year before, with a 23.8% average decline across all types of retailer.
Bad weather, reduced opening hours and spending sprees at the start of the festive period were all blamed for the dip.
On average, the weekend as a whole saw a drop of 16.1% across high streets, shopping centres and retail parks, the analysis said.
But increased sales poured in over the two days thanks to online shopping, which shot up 6.8% - including 18.2% on New Year's Eve.
High street footfall on New Year's Eve also fell, but less sharply than in 2015, down 2.4% compared with last year's drop of 5.1%
Diane Wehrle, Springboard's insights director, said: “Retailers traditionally see the first trading weekend of the New Year as a sign of things to come, and if this still rings true the industry is set for a rocky 2017.
“The ease and comfort of online shopping proved too enticing for shoppers keen to snap up further discounts in the sales rather than bracing the cold outdoors.
“Shopping centres in particular have a challenge ahead in 2017. Having experienced a decline in footfall during 2016, these destinations need to up their game in order to provide additional reasons to draw shoppers away from their devices with an offer going beyond retail.”
A Mid-Michigan bell ringer is spreading holiday cheer as his festive performances are going viral.
The video posted to Facebook and YouTube shows Joseph J. Stricker of Saginaw jamming and dancing to songs like “Christmas in Hollis” and “Wobble” outside the Sam's Club in Saginaw Township.
Stricker said this is his fourth year of volunteering as a bell ringer for Salvation Army.
“I love seeing all the smiles on everyone's face as I danced the entire time at Sam's Club with great music playing,” Stricker wrote on Facebook.
>>Mobile users watch his video here<<
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
A new suite at Madison Square Garden in partnership with the owners of some Manhattan restaurants is set to include among the costliest seats in all sports.
MSG, together with the Tao Group -- a restaurant and nightlife company -- began offering the new Suite Sixteen to fans on Friday morning. Prices aren't listed on the suite website, but a source told ESPN that the price for the most expensive package is $400,000.
The Diamond package guarantees two front-row seats in the suite for 180 events at Madison Square Garden, including every Knicks and Rangers game as well as concerts including Billy Joel and Shakira. The package also includes a bottle of Dom Perignon Champagne for every event and wristbands that give access to four guests who already have tickets inside the arena.
In February, when Madison Square Garden purchased a 62.5 percent stake for $181 million in the Tao Group, whose portfolio includes Tao, the highest-grossing restaurant in New York City, executives with both companies began considering collaboration.
"We try to push the envelope every year by creating super stylish, highly curated spaces," said Tao Group co-founder Noah Tepperberg. "So we thought, why not take over one of MSG's spaces, and it became apparent that we should do it at the greatest arena in the world."
The new Suite Sixteen at Madison Square Garden is the result of a partnership with the Tao Group and is geared toward high-end clients. Courtesy Tao Group
It's not the first time a sports arena has had a members-only club. Drake's The Sher Club opened inside Toronto's Air Canada Centre in 2015, but Tepperberg said Suite Sixteen will be more like a country club than a nightclub.
"The people that will be in this room will be a collection of people that you won't be able to find anywhere else on a consistent basis," Tepperberg said. "Moguls, celebrities, models."
The most well-heeled members will have a liquor locker so they can buy a bottle of top-of-the-line whiskey and save it for next time. Chefs from the company's restaurants in New York City will be on hand for every event.
Access to the suite, which includes free food but not alcohol, can be purchased by fans with Knicks or Rangers season tickets. That price has not yet been determined.
Tepperberg said money alone won't get fans in. They will have to apply.
As for how hard it will be to sell the $400,000 packages?
"The way my phone is ringing, we'll be sold out by Monday," Tepperberg said.
Suite Sixteen will open Oct. 30 for a Knicks game against the Denver Nuggets.
Florida Georgia Line recorded a duet with pop singer Bebe Rexha. The song is called “Meant To Be”.. and it's on her latest EP, “All Your Fault: Part Two”.
A FORMER Thatcham bank could be converted into a bookmaker.
Coral has applied to convert half of the former HSBC bank in the Broadway into a betting shop.
The Thatcham branch of HSBC closed in June last year and has been divided into two separate units.
In its application, Coral said: “We believe that the proposal for a new Coral betting shop will have a positive impact on Thatcham as it will introduce a use which is proven to promote vitality and viability.”
Backing up the claim, Coral said that research it had commissioned had shown that betting shops attracted greater footfall than other shops and services.
The research also suggested that betting shops enhanced vitality and viability as a majority of customers, many from the local area, combined their visit with other shops.
Coral said that the betting shop would bring a vacant unit back into use and that it would spend in excess of £200,000 on its Thatcham shop.
It added that six new jobs – three full-time and three part-time – would be created.
Coral's arrival would take the number of betting shops in the town to four after Stan James in the Broadway, Tom Carroll in High Street and Ladbrokes in Crown Mead.
DENVER (AP) — A former Veterans Affairs Department executive who was harshly criticized by Congress for massive cost overruns at a new Colorado VA medical center said he was never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion before he left the agency, and does not know how it happened.
“I'm just astounded, quite frankly, I'm absolutely astounded,” Glenn Haggstrom told The Associated Press in a rare interview.
Haggstrom, who was the VA's top construction official when the project nearly collapsed amid legal disputes and skyrocketing costs, said the last estimate he heard from the builder before he was removed from the project was about $890 million.
Haggstrom said had been made a scapegoat, and that responsibility for the failures was widespread within the agency. But he acknowledged that he had a role because he was director of the VA's Office of Acquisition, Logistics and Construction.
“As the leader of that organization you do bear the responsibility,” said Haggstrom, who retired in March 2015 amid an internal VA investigation into the costs.
The medical center, under construction in the Denver suburb of Aurora, has been a monumental embarrassment for the VA.
The initial construction contract was awarded in 2010 with a projected cost around $590 million. But after years of disputes among the VA, the contractor and the design team, an independent government panel called the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals ruled in December 2014 that the VA had violated the contract by not giving the builders, the Kiewit-Turner joint venture, a design that could be built within budget.
The VA then asked the Army Corps of Engineers to estimate the cost, and the answer, delivered in March 2015, was a staggering $1.73 billion. The Corps took over management of the project, and the medical center is expected to be completed next year for about $1.7 billion.
Multiple investigations concluded the costs got out of hand because the VA did not oversee the project closely enough, did not assign enough officials to it, approved lavish design elements, failed to get the designers and builders to agree on the design and tried to use a complicated form of construction contract that agency executives did not fully understand.
The VA's inspector general, an internal watchdog, said last year that Haggstrom knew the project was veering toward huge cost overruns but didn't tell lawmakers when he testified before Congress in 2013 and 2014. That prompted lawmakers to call for a perjury investigation, but the Justice Department decided last month not to file charges, citing insufficient evidence.
Haggstrom told the AP he had been given conflicting information about the project.
He said cost projections kept rising, and the highest estimate he saw from Kiewit-Turner was about $890 million. He said the VA removed him from the project before the Corps of Engineers compiled its estimate.
“This thing is a moving target,” he said.
Kiewit-Turner spokesman Tom Janssen said the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals clearly faulted the VA for the problems. He quoted from the board's decision: “We find that the behavior of the VA has not comported with the standards of good faith and fair dealing required by law.”
Haggstrom said the architectural and engineering team had repeatedly assured him it could be built within budget. The architects and engineers, a group of four companies known as the Joint Venture Team, said it had done what the contract required.
“The JVT worked diligently to ensure the project was designed to meet the standards set … within the budget and on time,” spokesman Andy Boian said.
Haggstrom declined to identify any other VA officials he thought shared the responsibility for the problems.
“I'm not going to pin this on anybody because this was a decision that was made by the department,” he said.
Haggstrom said he decided to retire because the members of the panel conducting the internal VA inquiry, called an administrative investigation board, did not have skills to sort out what happened.
“I didn't want to be a part of that process,” he said.
Haggstrom said a high-ranking VA official had been pressuring him to retire for weeks, but he declined to say who it was.
The investigation board's report, obtained by the AP through an open records request, echoed many criticisms of previous reviews.
No one has been fired or criminally charged over the project, angering members of Congress. Lawmakers were incensed when Haggstrom retired with full benefits, but the VA said he was legally entitled to do so.
Congress this week passed a bill designed to make it easier for the VA to fire employees and allowing the department to reduce an employee's pension for negligence or mismanaging funds — in part a response to the Colorado project.
Last year, Congress stripped the VA of the authority to manage large construction projects and turned it over to the Corps of Engineers, also a reaction to the Colorado project.
Haggstrom said some VA employees were unfairly criticized for the failures when they were trying to get the project completed, and they made numerous cost-cutting suggestions, most of which were rejected by higher-ups.
“They're being vilified for it,” he said.
___
Follow Dan Elliott at http://twitter.com/DanElliottAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/dan%20elliott.
Islamabad: Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang, the "special guest" at Pakistan's Independence Day celebration, said on Monday the two countries have always stood by each other and their friendship was "stronger than steel".
Wang, a member of the Politburo of the Central Committee of China's ruling Communist Party, is among the country's top leaders. He arrived in Islamabad yesterday on a two-day visit.
Addressing the Independence Day ceremony in Islamabad, he said China stands with Pakistan in its efforts to achieve progress and development.
"China and Pakistan have always stood by each other in difficult times and their friendship will stand the test of time and grow with coming generations," he said, with Pakistan President Mamnoon Hussain and Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi by his side.
"Our friendship is stronger than steel [and] sweeter than honey," he said.
Wang is accompanying a high-level Chinese delegation and expected to sign a few bilateral agreements. He is also expected to inaugurate projects related to the USD 50 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor - a part of the One Belt, One Road (OBOR) initiative which passes through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
Wang said Pakistan is an important partner in the OBOR initiative and China wants to strengthen its multi-dimensional strategic cooperation with Islamabad.
He said China would support Pakistan's efforts to pursue the fight against terrorism as per its national interest.
National Youth Sports Week runs from the 16th to the 22nd of July. During this time, youth sports organizations and members of Congress will publicly encourage healthy lifestyles for kids through sports participation. As you can expect, there will be lots of games and competitions that week.
Some kids will win and some will lose.
Historically, Americans are not good losers. During my short “career” in sports, I've been treated to a variety of philosophies on winning and losing:
“Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.” (Vince Lombardi)
“Show me a gracious loser and I'll show you a failure.” (Knute Rockne)
… among others I'd rather not repeat.
Losing is important
Undoubtedly, these bromides will be ladled over America's youth throughout the Summer of '18 in an effort to teach (ironically) the good values that sports inspire.
What's weird to me though is how much we invest in kids to teach them how to win and what little we do to teach them how to lose. Losing is important and our kids need to learn that.
For starters, the statistical possibility of winning is stacked against you.
There is only one spot for First Place in a competition. Unless you believe in participation trophies (and I absolutely do not), lots of athletes are going to “lose” any given event.
Rather than separate the experience into absolute categories (another thing we're bad at), we should help young players develop as athletes.
I can tell you that many coaches would prefer to recruit players who exhibit “athleticism” over an impressive record of wins. Why? Because when Junior gets to that next level of competition, it's his or her physical condition that the coach will need to develop winning talent.
Focus your child on nutrition (not supplements), weight management (not body image), and long-term skill progression as investments into his or her potential as an athlete.
Losing has psychological implications, too.
Human brains have “reward” centers, and winning is certainly a big reward.
But losing civilizes us.
Losing teaches humility.
Losing dampens egos that destroy a team.
Losing forces us to “go back to the drawing board” and improve our problem-solving.
Kids preparing for track run race start.
Getty Images
Not what you get, but what you become
Consider Dick Fosbury who did that "went back to the drawing board" in the 1960s and revolutionized the high jump. The Fosbury Flop had to come from a loser — from somebody forced to find another way to compete successfully.
With no offense to the likes of Lombardi and Rockne, there is a better philosophy to instill in our sporting youth, and it comes oddly enough from English art critic, John Ruskin, who suggested that “the highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.”
I love that.
When you shuttle your young athlete to and from practice, when you cheer them on during competition, when you console them after a loss, think about who they are becoming from that toil.
If your kid is becoming a better person through teamwork or is developing what will be a life-long love of physical fitness, those are wins on any scoreboard.
Christopher George Berger, PhD, ACSM EP-C, CSCS, is an exercise physiologist with Arizona State University.
Like All the Moms?
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
READ MORE:
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Kim Kardashian, center, arrives with her attorney Shawn Chapman Holley at the security entrance of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 30.
Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP
Kim Kardashian West made waves at the White House Wednesday.
The reality TV star personally met with President Trump, who tweeted out a smiling photo with Kardashian West in the Oval Office.
"Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing," wrote the president.
In their version of Twitter diplomacy, she later tweeted her thanks to the president.
Dressed in all black with bright yellow pumps, Kardashian West arrived at a security entrance with her lawyer, attorney Shawn Chapman Holley, late Wednesday afternoon.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
During the meeting, which was set to include senior advisor Jared Kushner, Kardashian West advocated for the release of 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson, who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, nonviolent drug offense, according to her post-meeting tweet. She has shared her support of Johnson on social media, calling the sentencing "so unfair" on Twitter in October.
She thanked the president and expressed hope he would "grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson" after they met.
I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon. It is our hope that the President will grant clemency to Ms. Alice Marie Johnson who is serving a life sentence for a first-time, non-violent drug offense. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
She added in a second tweet: "We are optimistic about Mrs. Johnson's future and hopeful that she — and so many like her — will get a second chance at life."
We are optimistic about Ms. Johnson's future and hopeful that she —and so many like her—will get a second chance at life. — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 31, 2018
Earlier Wednesday, Kardashian West tweeted a birthday message for Johnson.
"Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson," she wrote. "Today is for you."
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018
Johnson's story went viral thanks in part to a Mic video interview that reached more than 4.1 million views. A change.org petition asking President Trump to grant Johnson clemency has also almost reached its goal of 300,000 supporter signatures as of Wednesday.
Kardashian West, who cites Mic's video as how she discovered Johnson, has also helped the case reach a wider audience.
Kushner has focused on prison reform since joining the administration. He was involved with the First Step Act, which plans to expand programs for prisoners and allow for more home confinement. The act was approved by the House of Representatives earlier this month.
A pardon or commutation for Johnson is unlikely today, though the president has not made a decision.
Kardashian West supported Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential race, but recently, her husband Kanye West has tweeted his support for Trump.
The rapper met with Trump in December 2016 during a visit to the Trump Tower in New York. Trump posed with West after their meeting, calling him a "good man" with whom he talked about "life."
Kanye had previously declared his allegiance to Trump onstage the month prior.
'Keeping Up with the Kardashians': The family through the years Ten years ago this October, a little reality series called 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' debuted. The E! program centered around burgeoning celebrity Kim Kardashian, top right, and her wild family. Left to right upper: Robert (Rob) Kardashian Jr., Khloé Kardashian, Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner (then known as Bruce). Left to right bottom: Kylie Jenner, Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian. 01 / 49 Ten years ago this October, a little reality series called 'Keeping Up with the Kardashians' debuted. The E! program centered around burgeoning celebrity Kim Kardashian, top right, and her wild family. Left to right upper: Robert (Rob) Kardashian Jr., Khloé Kardashian, Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner (then known as Bruce). Left to right bottom: Kylie Jenner, Kendall Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian. 01 / 49
Contributing: Andrea Mandell
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
IF TODAY IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: This year you flow with ease, as long as your responsibilities do not become too burdensome. It would be wise not to commit to any time-consuming tasks. Be willing to say "no" more often. If you are single, you could meet someone quite important in the next few months. Travel could play a significant role in meeting people. If you are attached, the two of you could plan a dream trip. Half the fun will be in the planning. ARIES knows how to trigger you. ARIES (March 21-April 19)
You wake up full of get-up-and-go. Tame it down a bit, as many of those around you do not share similar feelings. You might have to absorb some additional responsibilities, which could cause a change in plans. Your positive attitude goes a long way. Tonight: As you like it. TAURUS (April 20-May 20) You might need to change your plans, perhaps for personal reasons. Make the change and do something you absolutely need to do. You might not feel up to snuff, and you probably won't even realize it until you fall asleep. You will be more energetic post-nap. Tonight: All smiles.
Article Continued Below
GEMINI (May 21-June 20) You love your friends. Use the moment to indulge in a preferred activity. Try to enjoy people for who they are. You could feel challenged by a close associate or loved one. You even might be seeing your bond change right in front of your eyes. Tonight: Let the party begin. CANCER (June 21-July 22) A partner could be difficult and touchy, and this dimension of his or her personality seems to emerge more and more. Though you might take this person's behaviour personally, know that it has more to do with an inner change than it does with you. Tonight: Join family and/or friends. LEO (July 23-Aug. 22)
You could be tired of so many last-minute changes being made to your schedule. You might be best off looking the other way and considering the big picture. Consider doing some travelling to somewhere you have never been. Tonight: Be considerate of others' feelings. VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22)
Article Continued Below
One-on-one relating points to some obstacles. A loved one might not agree with you about an expenditure. You could have a difficult discussion, or you can let the topic go for now. You might find a more appropriate time for this conversation later in the week. Tonight: Out late. LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22) Others dominate the scene. You might feel pressured by a domestic matter that you can't seem to get past. Enjoy each person for what he or she offers. Do not feel intimidated by what anyone says. Recognize that you are transforming in your own way. Tonight: Say "yes." SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21) You could be in the mood for an intense discussion; however, unexpected developments and a need for you to pitch in on a project might force you to postpone it for now. Know that this delay probably will be for the best. Tonight: Know when you are too tired to stay up late. SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21) Sometimes you just can't contain yourself. Though you might need to make an adjustment, you will show up at the right time at the right place. You have a lot on your mind, and might not want to share recent events. Perhaps you're simply in the mood to play. Tonight: Live it up. CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19) You could feel unusually stressed out, to the point that you want to avoid a social gathering. You don't mind having the limelight on you, but you would prefer not to play the role of host or hostess. Adjust your plans accordingly and do what you must. Tonight: Let the good times roll. AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18) Do not allow an uncomfortable feeling to dominate the moment. Relax with the moment, and let the issue go. You might find that those around you are so entertaining that you forget about whatever has been ailing you. Avoid getting stuck on one topic. Tonight: Swap jokes. PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20) Keep reaching out to a loved one who seems to be going through a lot. You might not be able to handle all the pressure around you. Someone close to you becomes demanding. Understand your limitations with this person. Tonight: Treat a friend to some dinner and fun. BORN TODAY: Playwright Neil Simon (1927), actress Gloria Stuart (1910), singer-songwriter Bill Withers (1938) www.jacquelinebigar.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's one of the world's most successful DJs and has played in some of the world's biggest clubs - but one of Judge Jules' upcoming shows is in the most unlikely of locations, right here in Bristol.
The DJ, whose career spans more than 30 years, is headlining Vegfest at Ashton Gate next month in what is sure to be an unmissable show.
Jules has won a string of awards throughout his career and is currently busy touring the world, after completing a successful residency at Sankeys in Ibiza last summer.
(Image: Ryan Dinham)
He's widely looked upon as being one of the most well-respected figures in dance music and was previously voted the world's number one DJ by Mixmag. He also hosts a weekly radio show called The Global Warm Up, which notches up 750,000 downloads every single week via his podcast and is broadcast on more than 80 stations across the world.
His booking at Vegfest is a major coup for the vegan festival, which has experienced a great deal of uncertainty during recent months.
Founder Tim Barford announced at Vegfest 2017 that the festival would not return in 2018, owing to a hike in rent costs at its previous Harbourside location by Bristol City Council, but organisers and the council managed to strike a deal to host the festival at Ashton Gate Stadium instead this year.
The festival will host more than 220 fully vegan stalls and will take place indoors, so people can sit in Ashton Gate's stands and enjoy their food.
Vegfest 2018 will take place at Ashton Gate on May 26-27. Visit the Vegfest website to buy tickets.
With names like Hollywood Bungalow and Palo Alto, you'd expect to see residents of the L.A. homes wearing sunglasses and hurrying from the paparazzi. Except, in this case, they're dogs. Bow Wow Dog Houses creates the doggie designs and was started by Brent-Wood Products in L.A. Primarily a manufacturer of industrial wooden cable reels, the 2008 dip in the economy and a newly acquired pooch — a 37-kilogram bluetick hound named The Dude — spurred owner Larry Hobbs to branch out. Having built a few houses for humans, Hobbs and his employees designed and developed a doghouse that allowed them to upcycle materials left over from building cable reels.
The Dude, the big blue-tick hound who prompted owner Larry Hobbs to begin building custom dog houses.
Article Continued Below
A big challenge, says Hobbs, is finding materials that are non-toxic and the right size for dog home design. But ideas for the canine architecture are all around him. “I often find inspiration from homes I see in the greater Los Angeles area — a wealth of various styles and cultural influences. I'm always on the lookout for architecture that speaks to me.” Bow Wow Dog Houses sells a variety of houses ranging from standard homes that can be customized up to their Signature Homes. “Our concept is to size the home to fit the pet and then allow the customer to add options that best serve their pet's needs,” Hobbs says. As well, Hobbs says warmer-weather homes are built with ventilation in mind while it's all about floor insulation for colder climates.
The houses are available as kits that can be built and painted over a weekend.
It's tutu nice a day to stay indoors. Guess I'll stay close to my Beach House. ( Bow Wow Dog Houses )
BEACH HOUSE: What better place to relax than at the cedar Beach House? The roof is removable and the front window is hinged to allow for additional ventilation. Small: 30-by-40 inches; $395, optional front deck $150 (all prices U.S.) Medium: Exterior: 36-by-48 inches; price: $565, optional deck $199 FARM HOUSE: For that dog who needs a back-to-the-land feel, how about the Farm House? With plenty of windows in cedar siding, plus a hardwood floor, Plexiglas windows and insulated roof, it's perfect for early risers. Small: Exterior 40-by-30 inches; $699 Medium: Exterior: 40-by-48 inches; $1,150
Cedar Creek offers a cool design feature for owner's backyard. ( Bow Wow Dog Houses )
CEDAR CREEK: “I wanted a home that would be comfortable for the pet and could assist with adding a cool design feature for the backyard,” says Hobbs. Made with western red cedar siding and polycarbonate windows with UV protection, the back wall can camouflage an area homeowners want kept private — such as trash cans or garden tools. Exterior: 54.5-by-96.5 inches; $1,000
Hollywood Bungalow, based on a 1950s Palm Springs House. ( Bow Wow Dog Houses )
HOLLYWOOD BUNGALOW: The Palm Springs home designs of the 1950s inspired this cedar-sided design with a wooden “brick” wall and insulated, removable roof. “A house where maybe Frank Sinatra's dog might hang out. I would think that Frank's dog would want to keep an eye out, so that was the idea behind the windows,” says Hobbs. Exterior: 40-by-40 inches; $1,150
The clean and contemporary design of the Palo Alto lends a California feel. ( Bow Wow Dog Houses )
REUTERS – AHMED ABOULENEIN
Sarah Hegazy has been jailed, beaten by inmates, and could face a life sentence in an Egyptian prison if found guilty of “promoting sexual deviancy” and other charges tied to her alleged crime: waving a rainbow flag at a concert.
The 28-year-old denies waving the flag but is one of 57 people arrested so far in Egypt's widest anti-gay crackdown yet, a swift zero-tolerance response to a rare show of public support for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights in the conservative Muslim country.
The crackdown comes as Egypt, a key Western ally in the Middle East, is under fire for its human rights record and the United States has withheld some of its $1.3 billion in annual military aid.
Hegazy, the only woman rounded up in the three-week-old campaign, says police goaded her cellmates to abuse her during her first night in prison, where she is being detained for 15 days and interrogated by special prosecutors who usually focus on Islamist militants.
SASKATOON — A man has filed a complaint against Saskatoon police saying he was picked up by two officers and dropped off outside city limits at night in the cold. Ken Thomas, who is a marathon runner, says he stepped out of a bar on Saturday night to have a cigarette after attending a concert. He says two police officers came by who said he fit the description of someone who had been digging into vehicles. Thomas says he was detained and then driven south of the city where he was dropped off. He says he ran back home to keep warm.
Article Continued Below
The Saskatoon Police Service says that it is aware a complaint has been filed with Saskatchewan's Public Complaints Commission and considers such an allegation to be serious. Thomas says he was humiliated and the experience has shaken his faith in the justice system. “They detained me and drove me to the outskirts of town and drop me off and laughed as they drove away and then I ran home,” he wrote in a post on his Facebook page.
“I don't know why they would even drive me out there. That being said, my faith in the justice system is shaken and I wouldn't want that to happen to anybody else.” Thomas competes in annual events such as the Summit Run in Prince Albert, Sask., and the Frank Dunn Triathlon. He also coaches for the Saskatoon Tribal Council. Thomas said he never attempted to resist arrest or argue with the officers out of fear of being charged and possibly risking his opportunity to coach. “I talk to youth who have negative feelings about police, and as a leader you are supposed to say everything is going to be OK, it's a phase, but now what am I supposed to tell them?” John Clarke, the commission's director, said the organization has received an online complaint from Thomas and is trying to arrange to have him interviewed by an investigator. The commission investigates and reviews complaints against municipal police and reports to the province's Justice Ministry. The Saskatoon Police Service said it will co-operate fully with the investigation. “Part of that investigation will include the review of GPS logs that track the location of patrol vehicles at any given time, as well as the in-car camera video which is automatically activated when the back door of a patrol car is opened,” police said in a statement. In 1990, the frozen body of 17-year-old Neil Stonechild was found outside Saskatoon city limits. An RCMP inquiry into Stonechild's death showed the teen was in police custody before he died. Two officers involved were fired following the inquiry.
* European stock futures steady * Eyes on US payrolls data * Apple posts record profit, Alphabet disappoints Feb 2 (Reuters) - Welcome to the home for real time coverage of European equity markets brought to you by Reuters stocks reporters and anchored today by Danilo Masoni. Reach him on Messenger to share your thoughts on market moves: danilo.masoni.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW BEFORE EUROPE OPENS (0745 GMT) European shares are set to open flat to slightly lower at the end of a week where rising bond yields and strength in the euro have pushed the STOXX 600 benchmark down around 1.7 percent. That is already the biggest one-week loss since early November when a slowdown in earnings growth and similar bond market jitters weighed. Futures were trading between flat and a fall of 0.2 percent. Tech stocks will be in focus after U.S. internet giants released their earning updates yesterday with a record profit at Amazon possibly boosting shares in companies like Zalando, while shares in semiconductor companies like AMS, Dialog Semi, and IQE are expected to open lower after Apple issued a light guidance and reported it sold fewer iPhones over the holiday quarter than Wall Street had expected. There is a raft of results in Europe too that will keep investors busy. Overall, fourth-quarter earnings for the STOXX 600 are expected to increase by 11.9 percent year on year, the latest Thomson Reuters data showed. Deutsche Bank shares are indicated down 4 percent after the German lender reported a bigger than expected net loss for 2017, which could test a strong rally in banking stocks seen so far this year which was fuelled by expectations over tighter monetary policy and strong economic growth. (Danilo Masoni) **** EARLY MORNING EUROPEAN HEADLINE ROUND-UP (0738 GMT) Lots of earnings today, here's what's jumped out so far: Deutsche Bank posts third consecutive annual loss in 2017 Spain's Caixabank Q4 profit falls 70 pct from Q3 Spain's Sabadell Q4 net profit more than doubles on one-off sales Danske Bank beats Q4 pretax expectations, expects lower 2018 net result Nordea banking group to list Finnish unit on Scandinavian exchanges Philips Lighting Q4 earnings beat estimates on cost cutting Tyre maker Nokian Q4 profit up 13 pct yr/yr Tools maker Husqvarna Q4 result, dividend better than expected Aker BP Q4 core profit lags market expectations Fortum Q4 profit jumps 57 pct yr/yr Tele2 says will aim to grow dividends, Q4 core profit matches forecasts Hexpol Q4 operating profit matches forecast​ Cevian Capital raises Ericsson stake to 5 pct of votes Spanish property developer Metrovacesa cuts listing price AirAsia CEO says looking at Boeing 787 for AirAsia X fleet growth AstraZeneca flags return to drug sales growth in 2018 Britain's BT says on track for year after Q3 meets its expectations Cobham sells communications units to Viavi for $455 million​ Doorstep lender Provident Financial names new CEO Satellite company Avanti appoints new CEO​ EU clearing house system passes stress test (Kit Rees) ***** BUT FUTURES POINT TO STEADY OPEN FOR EUROPEAN SHARES (0702 GMT) Contrary to earlier calls from financial spread-betters, European stock index futures have opened with slight gains, indicating this week's sell-off could ease somewhat. The STOXX 600 is down around 1.8 percent so far this week, set for its biggest weekly loss since November Here's your snapshot: (Danilo Masoni) ***** DEUTSCHE BANK POSTS BIGGER THAN EXPECTED LOSS (0643 GMT) Banks, recently buoyed by rising bond yields and optimism about economic growth, could be in focus today after the DAX-listed heavyweight lender disappointed analyst expectations with a 2017 loss of 497 million euros in 2017. (Danilo Masoni) ***** MORNING CALL: EUROPE SET TO EXTEND LOSING STREAK (0630 GMT) Good morning and welcome to Live Markets. Rising bond yields and a stronger euro are likely to put European shares under pressure for a fifth day in a row, one day after the export oriented German DAX index fell 1.4 percent - its biggest one-day loss since early November. Over in Asia, the euro neared multi-year peaks as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in Asian equities. Later in the day the focus will be the U.S. payrolls report. "Anticipation is elevated after a hawkish FOMC meeting... A strong number may increase the probability of four rate hikes this year," says Credit Suisse in its investment daily note. We'll also be keeping an eye on tech stocks here in Europe after results from big internet companies in the US. "Some anxiety is fuelled by a trend for companies that miss estimates to be penalized... Facebook bucked the trend, forecasting rising ad sales despite a dip in usage. Apple reported record quarterly revenue and profits after the bell, Amazon's results easily beat expectations, but Alphabet disappointed," adds Credit Suisse. Back to Europe, here are your opening calls, courtesy of CMC Markets. FTSE100 is expected to open 5 points lower at 7,485 DAX is expected to open 63 points lower at 12,940 CAC40 is expected to open 9 points lower at 5,445 (Danilo Masoni) ***** (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, Helen Reid, Kit Rees and Julien Ponthus)
rs.”
Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo state, has said it was “hard” for his government to pay 1.4billion monthly pension to pensioners in the state.Okorocha revealed this in a release issued to newsmen , in Owerri, through his Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Sam Onwuemeodor. In the release, the governor also stated:”my government has redeemed the promise to pay pensioners in the state their arrears upto December 2016, by releasing all the cheques to that effect, for the pensioneIt further stated that “the cheques were released Thursday, December 29, 2016 night, to the Sate Development Centre (SDC) Coordinators in the 305 wards in the state” adding that it was to “save inconveniences of spending money and time to come to Owerri for their cheques.”However, Okorocha did not hide to tell his experience in handling the issue of payment of pension in the state.According to the release,”the governor remains exceptionally grateful to the pensioners in the state for their understanding and outstanding patriotism.” He added:”for appreciating the glaring fact that a monthly pension bill of N1.4 billion was quite unimaginable and too hard for the state or any other state in the country to bear no matter the resources of such state.”It was the view of Okorocha as captured in the release that”he allowed every pensioner, whether real or otherwise to be paid so that by January 2017, the issue of ghost pensioners can be properly handled.” He also argued that”It is difficult to believe that Imo with twenty-seven local governments will be paying N1.4billion monthly as pension, while another state with forty-four local governments will be paying half of that amount on the same subject matter.”
Get cooking!
Online kitchenware retailer VonShef has launched a new range of stunning cast ironware pieces available in Antique Black, Sunset Red and Twilight Grey. We've three sets to give away worth £50, each comprising of a 4.5l casserole dish and a large skillet with non-stick enamel exteriors. Ideal for slow cooking and grilling, they make perfect additions to any foodie's kitchen!
Enter now for your chance to win!
This giveaway is only available to Candis members. Please log in at the top of the screen to enter this giveaway if you are a member. If you are not a member then please click here to find out how to join.
This giveaway is only open to Candis members who subscribe to the magazine.
This giveaway closes on 31/03/2017
Spoilers for season five of Orange Is the New Black!
Alison Abdullah (Amanda Stephen) joined Orange Is the New Black season four as one of the new inmates who was transferred in by MCC as a way to eke every last cent out of Litchfield by stuffing it to the gills.
She initially didn't get along with bunkmate Black Cindy (Adrienne C. Moore) but gradually came to be part of the group that includes Cindy, Taystee (Danielle Brooks), Janae (Vicky Jeudy), Suzanne (Uzo Aduba), and Poussey (Samira Wiley), until Poussey's untimely death in the final episodes of season four.
When the show picks back up, Alison is still firmly part of the group, and in fact, she's instrumental in crafting the inmates' demands as part of the riot, due in large part to being more emotionally removed and practical since she wasn't as close with Poussey.
In episode four, viewers are treated to Alison's backstory, which may explain why she's determined to make Litchfield better, riot consequences be damned — she may not actually be ready to go home.
In her pre-prison life, Alison was part of a traditional family, with a husband, Hassan (W. Tre Davis), and a young daughter, Farah (Layla Bunch). But she and her husband are talking about bringing another woman into the marriage. Alison isn't thrilled about the idea, but she's overwhelmed with work, parenting, housework, and making their marriage work.
"We're not getting the best parts of each other," she says, extolling the virtues of having another wife to help out. Her husband says they could just hire a nanny, but Alison says they should keep an open mind if the right person comes along.
When the right person does come along, a nice woman named Sahara (Malika Samuel), things seem great at first, but Alison quickly starts to feel out of place in her own home. She's jealous of Sahara's relationship with Farah, especially with Hassan saying that Farah is Sahara's daughter too, which does not sit well Alison.
The episode doesn't reveal what Alison did to get sent to prison, but her backstory runs a nice parallel with what's going on with Kasey Sankey (Kelly Karbacz), the white nationalist whose husband is in a relationship with Sankey's permission while she's in prison. But Kasey is dismayed to see Facebook posts of this new woman taking an active role in her young daughter's life.
What's a shame is that the two inmates don't come together over their common problem, but Kasey's racism toward Alison isn't something either one of them can overlook.
For a refresher on how each Orange Is the New Black woman ended up in Litchfield, check out this handy guide.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hindalco Industries Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 3.77 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT OF 3.21 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 110.23 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 99.15 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR Source text: bit.ly/2E5GPB3 Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department said in a report submitted to Congress this week that expanding sanctions on Russia to include new sovereign debt would have “negative spillover effects” on global financial markets and businesses.
Given Russia's large economy and deep connections to world markets, widening debt-related sanctions could hurt “both the Russian Federation and U.S. investors and businesses,” said the report, submitted to Congress on Monday and obtained by Reuters on Friday.
Russian government bonds, known as OFZs, rallied on the news of Treasury's position. Investors in OFZ bonds, popular for their lucrative yields, have been on alert about new sanctions recently and have bought Russian debt for fear of losing access to it in the future.
While Treasury's memo does not make any recommendation for or against future sanctions, the congressionally mandated report repeatedly cites the risk that expanded measures could harm U.S. investors.
The memo, which was first reported by Bloomberg, said that strengthening sanctions on sovereign debt could put downward pressure on Russian economic growth, increase the strain on the banking sector and “lead to Russian retaliation against U.S. interests” and could affect the “competitiveness of large U.S. asset managers.”
The United States imposed sanctions on Russia to punish Moscow over its 2014 annexation of Crimea. The sanctions targeted some of the most important sectors of the Russian economy by limiting U.S. financing available to some of Russia's most powerful energy enterprises and banks.
For example, last year Washington toughened restrictions on energy giants like Gazprom and Lukoil, prohibiting U.S. banks from issuing them new debt with longer than 60-day maturity.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told lawmakers at a hearing on Tuesday that new sanctions would eventually be imposed on Russia in response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. election.
A Treasury spokesman said in an emailed reply to questions that while expanding the debt sanctions even more would hurt Russia, it could also “hinder U.S. business in both the financial sector and real economy and potentially disrupt global markets.”
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Tuesday published a list of 210 Russians, including 96 so-called oligarchs worth $1 billion or more, as required under a sanctions law passed by Congress.
It did not, however, immediately impose any new penalties on them, drawing criticism from senior Democrats in Congress, who accused Trump of being soft on Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov on Wednesday denied reports of intercepted phone calls between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
The New York Times said that the Russians made contact with Paul Manafort, who briefly served as Trump's campaign chairman. Current and former U.S. officials interviewed by the Times declined to identify other Trump associates contacted by the Russians.
Speaking to reporters in Moscow, Peskov, spokesman for President Vladimir Putin, pointed to the anonymity of the sources, saying that the reports “are not based on any facts, do not point to actual facts.”
The report comes a day after U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned following reports he misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about his contacts with Russia.
Asked about the allegations, Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said on Wednesday they “prove once against there is a major internal, political game, you can call it bargaining, in the United States.”
Russian lawmakers were more direct in trying to defend Trump.
“This is not about information but about a high-precision information bomb,” Alexei Pushkov, chairman of the Federation Council's information committee, tweeted. “The goal is to blow up the Trump administration.” (AP)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had been “very honourable” and that discussions ahead of a planned meeting between the two leaders were going well.
FILE PHOTO - A combination photo shows a Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) handout of Kim Jong-un released on May 10, 2016, and Donald Trump posing for a photo in New York City, U.S., May 17, 2016. REUTERS/KCNA handout via Reuters/File Photo & REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
“We have been told directly that they would like to have the meeting as soon as possible, and we think that's a great thing for the world,” Trump told reporters during a meeting with French Prime Minister Emmanuel Macron at the White House.
“We're having ... very good discussions. Kim Jong-un, he really has been very open and I think very honourable from everything we're seeing,” Trump added.
Trump has said he could meet with Kim in late May or June.
The United States is pressing North Korea to denuclearize and has said it would keep up a policy of “maximum pressure” on Pyongyang to achieve that goal.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Thursday North Korea had expressed a commitment to “complete denuclearization” of the Korean peninsula, and North Korea said on Saturday it would immediately suspend nuclear and missile tests.
Internationally renowned tribute band Lez Zeppelin is coming to Greenfield.
The all-female Led Zeppelin tribute will perform at the Hawks and Reed Performing Arts Center on June 7 at 8 p.m.
Tickets are available through the venue website at hawksandreed.com.
Lez Zeppelin was founded in New York in 2004 and is considered one of the top tributes performing today. The band has played both the Bonarroo and Isle of Wight festivals and Spin Magazine called it "The most powerful female band in rock history."
Hawks and Reed is at 289 Main Street in Greenfield.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's foreign exchange regulator will push forward two-way opening of the country's financial market and fend off risks from cross-border capital flows, the head of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange said on Monday.
FILE PHOTO: A China yuan note is seen in this illustration photo May 31, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White/Illustration/File Photo
Pan Gongsheng said China's cross-border capital flows were basically balanced in 2017, according to comments posted to the regulator's website.
YELLOWKNIFE (February 2, 2018) – The Department of Infrastructure is anticipating heavy industrial traffic along the Ingraham Trail (Highway 4), 24 hours per day until the end of March. Simultaneously, the Yellowknife area continues to see an increase in tourism and related traffic on Highway 4.
Department officials regularly patrol highways in the Northwest Territories to monitor conditions. Additionally, we have increased the number of Highway Transport Officer Patrols to ensure commercial carriers are operating in a safe manner.
Drivers are reminded to drive according to conditions, particularly around turns, and to stay in their lane. For those wanting to travel Highway 4 to view aurora borealis or access recreational activities, you're asked not to stop or park along highway. Please visit this page for information on safe parking locations.
If you have any questions or concerns, contact Greg Hanna, communications coordinator, at greg_hanna@gov.nt.ca or 867-767-9082, extension 31046.
“Hamilton” creator Lin-Manuel Miranda and “Dear Evan Hansen” star Ben Platt joined forces to release a song on Monday, a portion of the proceeds for which will help fund the March for Our Lives initiative.
“Found/Tonight” — a mashup of “The Story of Tonight” from “Hamilton” and “You Will Be Found” from “Dear Evan Hansen” — repurposes lyrics from both musicals to fit March for Our Lives' mission, which aims to stop gun violence in schools by organizing a march on Washington Mar. 24, influenced by recent school massacres like the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting.
The music video for the duet opens with Platt crooning the slightly revised “Hamilton” lyrics, “We may not yet have reached our glory, but I will gladly join the fight. And when our children tell their story, they'll tell the story of tonight.”
Miranda then introduces the first “Dear Evan Hansen” lyrics, singing, “Have you ever felt like nobody was there? Have you ever felt forgotten in the idle of nowhere? Have you ever felt like you could disappear? Like you could fall and no one would hear.”
The video features the Broadway stars in an intimate studio setting, facing each other as they harmonize to a live piano and orchestra.
Platt and Miranda's voices come together to deliver verses like, “Even when the dark comes crashing through, when you need a friend to carry you, when you're broken on the ground, you will be found. So let the sun streaming in, 'cause you'll reach up and rise again. If you only look around, you will be found.”
Justin Timberlake tweeted in support of the march on Monday as well. “I'm so inspired by the #MarchForOurLives students out there owning their voices,” he wrote. “We need to demand action.”
What follows is a sampling of the questions and answers from the AMA. Some have been shortened for space, but you can read the full text on reddit.com .
Over a two-hour period last Tuesday, a group of Star reporters and editors responded to more than 60 questions from readers.
Hence the decision to hold an “Ask Me Anything” (AMA) on Reddit, an online news aggregation and rating website where users can post content and discuss a wide array of topics.
One of the primary goals of the Toronto Star's trust project, launched last May, is to be more transparent about how we do our journalism.
This article is part of the Star's trust initiative, where, every week, we take readers behind the scenes of our journalism. This week, we present highlights of the Star's recent Ask Me Anything on Reddit.
Managing Editor Irene Gentle: In terms of news organizations like the Star, print is just one of the platforms we publish on. Its legacy is really the journalistic values it has ingrained in us — things like responsible reporting, checks and balances, such as our public editor, Kathy English, our membership in the national news-media council, and our daily talk about journalistic ethics as it pertains to news we cover … Now we take those same principles and apply them to the different platforms. We look to make a difference, to produce solid investigative and accountability journalism on many platforms … That is the how I see the Star in 10 years — the platform matters less than the work that is produced.
What is the role of print media in society in 2018? How do you envision the future of the Toronto Star 10 years from now? — SheerDumbLuck
Columnist Edward Keenan: The thing about this question is that if I thought a story was the top one in the city, I'd be talking about it — and I assume the same goes for most editors and reporters. So finding the pressing issue everyone's ignoring is hard, since we wouldn't ignore it if we knew about it and thought it was very important. That said, I think that the dire lack of affordable housing in the city, and the desperate inability of Toronto Community Housing to fill the gap for the poorest in the city, remains an under-discussed story. It does get talked about, but it's a crisis.
How does Daniel Dale stay sane going from covering Ford to covering Trump? — Knowitall99
Washington Bureau Chief Daniel Dale: It's actually so much fun. Obviously exhausting and often ridiculous, but what more can you ask for as a journalist? The stories are both important and entertaining, you're able to hold powerful people accountable, readership is super high, and you're not putting yourself at physical risk the way journalists are in a war zone or disaster zone ... So there are moments when I just want to nap, but I mostly love it.
I'm very curious as to how you go about correcting an error that has already been published, and how often you see mistakes and how they're handled. — RJJouranls
Public Editor Kathy English: Once we verify an error we correct on the platform the mistake was published on as promptly as is possible. The goal of a correction is to provide the correct information and make clear a mistake occurred. We logged about 1,100 corrections in print and online in 2017. Most of the mistakes are from online platforms.
What was it like last week at the Star when the Patrick Brown story broke so late in the evening? Are people woken up, called back from home, etc.? — LesterBePiercin
Queen's Park Reporter Kris Rushowy: Our Queen's Park bureau chief, Robert Benzie, was at home with his kids when he got a call about Brown's 9:45 p.m. press conference, and raced over to the Legislature. He was up well into the night filing updates. Reporters don't get a lot of wake-up calls, but when there is big news on our beats, we work — late nights, early mornings, holidays, you name it.
Do you have any strategic initiatives to avoid enabling loud-mouthed, extreme, populist election candidates by covering their shenanigans? We've seen this issue a lot with the Fords and Trumps of the world. — sunlightjunkieRiverdale
City Hall Reporter Jennifer Pagliaro: This is tough. Look at the Ford example. In 2010, Ford was a councillor known for politically incorrect statements on the council floor who is a few believed could ever be mayor. Our bureau chief, David Rider, was one of the first mainstream media reporters to start paying attention to his campaign and realize he had a base of support that could make him a contender. To me, that's something our readers should know about … Turns out, he knew before many that Ford could win and he was right.
The Star seems to be working with the CBC more and more, especially for investigative projects. What are the benefits of working together? Do you think these partnerships will happen more frequently? — Soshane
Investigative Reporter Diana Zlomislic: In the past few years, we've actually been joining forces with more news media outlets across the world for big investigations like the Panama Papers. Reporter Robert Cribb and editor Lynn McAuley created our investigative co-production team as a way to share resources on big stories. This is the future, we think: news organizations working together more on large projects.
Just wanted to ask, directed broadly at all of you, if you think there's a real future for young people looking to get into journalism? I'm in my final year of J-school now and I'm pretty disillusioned. — friendsfromgr8
Reporter Fatima Syed: I totally get the disillusionment but don't let it overcome you! There are multiple opportunities in the industry right now for a young journalist, ranging from freelancing to stints at places like the Star. There are risks in everything but keep hustling. Pitch stories everywhere, apply to places like the Star who accept a wide range of interns of all levels of experience every year.
Things are definitely changing with people looking towards more digital stuff. The main takeaway is just learned as many skills as you can now as a young journalist ... It's hard, and at times disheartening, but not impossible. Take it from a girl who applied three times before she got the Star internship.
What's a story that you've published that went against your personal beliefs? — TorontoJD
Photographer Steve Russell: Wow, what a great question. I think we cover stories all the time that may go against my personal beliefs. It's strange because sometimes covering a story or watching a story develop I might change my belief!
The Star's Trust Initiative is eager to hear from readers. Do you have any questions about how we do our journalism? What are some topics you'd like to see us write about? Send us a note with your thoughts to trust@thestar.ca.
“Take heed that you do not do your charitable deeds before men, to be seen by them.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Incoming Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell, chosen by U.S. President Donald Trump to keep the recovery humming, appears set to let an expected trillion=dollar tax cut run its course through the economy as weak wage growth and inflation buttress his view that the economy remains underpowered.
Jerome Powell testifies before the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee on his nomination to become chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve in Washington, U.S., November 28, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts/Files
Powell in statements throughout the year, culminating with his recent Senate confirmation hearing, has been clear he sees little risk of inflation that would prompt the Fed to raise rates faster than expected, and takes weak wage growth as a sign that sidelined workers remain to be drawn into jobs.
New data added evidence to that view on Friday. Employment in November grew faster than expected, but wage growth remained muted. The share of working age adults with jobs continued a steady, six-year recovery that is approaching its pre-crisis peak.
Even with the unemployment rate at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent, “there's no sense of an overheating economy or a particularly tight labor market,” Powell told members of the Senate Banking Committee, saying that the Fed should raise rates only gradually.
Debate among Powell's colleagues, meanwhile, has highlighted other risks if the Fed speeds its pace of rate increases.
Some policymakers feel the central bank has already undercut its credibility by raising interest rates while inflation remains so weak. Others have noted that if the Fed continues raising short-term rates while long-term rates remain stalled, it could turn the shape of the bond yield curve upside down, a typical signal of recession.
“If the Fed gets its paradigm wrong and sees inflation that ultimately doesn't materialize, and they take rates too far, then markets would feel aggrieved,” said Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust in Chicago, and a former senior risk official at the Fed Board.
Other analysts are starting to see a potential dovish surprise when Powell takes over in February, the tax cuts could kick in, and the Fed stands aside.
“MORE DOVISH FED”
With a background as an investment banker rather than as an economist rooted in a particular analytical framework, Powell will lead “a more data-driven Fed, which at the current juncture means a more dovish Fed,” until and if inflation recovers, said Robin Brooks, chief economist at the Institute of International Finance.
He expects the Fed under Powell to only raise rates twice next year.
Policymakers will give an initial reading on the impact of the Republican tax plan when they meet next week. They are expected to raise interest rates for the third time this year. They will also update their economic and interest rate projections for 2018 and beyond, the first such forecasts since the outlines of the tax overhaul became clear.
Top Republicans from the House and the Senate are rushing to complete negotiations to push the tax plan into law.
Though Janet Yellen remains Fed chair until February, her final scheduled press conference on Wednesday afternoon will set the policy backdrop Powell inherits. The 64-year-old lawyer will attend the meeting as a sitting governor, and help shape the statement issued that day by the Federal Open Market Committee.
It is a group struggling with a fundamental issue.
The economy is arguably as much as a half a percentage point below full employment, a condition in which prices and wages should be rising. Yet both remain weak.
Into that mix, the tax cut legislation would put tens of billions of dollars back in the hands of corporations and households.
If there is still “slack” in the economy, that could produce faster real growth as spending and investment increase, and more workers are hired. However, if the economy is near or above its potential, as some measures indicate, it may merely cause faster-than-desired price increases, or a jump in stock and other asset values that raise concerns of a bubble.
As the tax plan advanced in Congress, forecasting shops at Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan and others penciled in a faster pace of Fed rate increases - essentially expecting the Fed would need to lean against the inflationary outcome.
The tax package is “ultimately worth almost two additional Fed hikes” in coming years, Goldman Sachs economists David Mericle and Alec Phillips wrote in a recent analysis.
But the new chair's own public speeches and comments throughout the past year have shown an evolving faith that the Fed's go-slow approach can continue, giving more time for workers to rebound from the 2007-2009 crisis without creating other economic risks.
“Accommodative policy did not generate high inflation or excessive credit growth; rather, it helped restore full employment,” Powell said in June in his last extensive speech on monetary policy before he emerged as a contender for the top Fed job.
His outlook is consistent with positions Trump and current chair Janet Yellen have taken, and the depth of his commitment to that view will be a critical part of the Fed's debate about whether and how to react to the tax plan.
At his confirmation hearing, Powell avoided any direct critique or endorsement of the pending legislation, telling lawmakers fiscal policy was their domain.
But when asked about Fed staff research that challenged a key Republican premise that corporate tax cuts generate jobs, Powell kept his distance.
“It's just someone's research,” Powell told senators. “Don't associate that with a position of the board.”
Blainville-Boisbriand's Alex Barre-Boulet was given a major penalty and game misconduct for checking from behind at 10:45 of the second period.
---
REMPARTS 3 MOOSEHEADS 2 (OT)
HALIFAX — Jesse Sutton scored the overtime winner as Quebec topped the Mooseheads
Olivier Mathieu and Louis-Filip Cote also scored for the Remparts (5-0-0).
Filip Zadina and Maxime Fortier found the back of the net for Halifax (4-1-1).
Dereck Baribeau made 31 saves for Quebec. Blade Mann-Dixon turned away 22 shots for the Mooseheads.
---
SEA DOGS 4 ISLANDERS 0
CHARLOTTETOWN — Cody Porter stopped all 28 shots he faced as Saint John shut out the Islanders.
Ostap Safin struck twice with Kevin Gursoy and Daniel Hardie also chipping in for the Sea Dogs (3-3-1).
Dakota Lund-Cornish stopped 29 shots for Charlottetown (1-5-0).
---
SAGUENEENS 4 TIGRES 0
CHICOUTIMI, Que. — Zachary Bouthillier stopped 29 shots and Felix-Antoine Marcotty scored twice as the Sagueneens blanked Victoriaville.
Vladislav Kotkov supplied the game winning goal for Chicoutimi (1-3-1) at 10:18 of the first period and Jeremy Fortin had the other.
Tristan Cote-Cazenave made 29 saves for the Tigres (4-1-0).
---
OLYMPIQUES 7 CATARACTES 1
GATINEAU, Que. — Shawn Boudrias had two goals and two assists to lead the Olympiques past Shawinigan.
Mitchell Balmas, Mikhail Shestopalov, Vitalii Abramov, Gabriel Bilodeau and Will Thompson rounded out the attack for Gatineau (2-1-1).
Antoine Demers replied for the Cataractes (0-5-1).
Mathieu Bellemare turned aside 40 shots for the Olympiques. Mikhail Denisov combined with Mikhail Denisov for 22 saves for Shawinigan.
---
DRAKKAR 3 HUSKIES 2 (SO)
ROUYN-NORANDA, Que. — Ivan Chekhovich scored the only goal in the shootout as Baie-Comeau got past the Huskies.
Gabriel Fortier and Jordan Martel had goals in regulation for the Drakkar (3-3-0). Antoine Samuel made 40 saves for the win in net.
Mathieu Boucher and William Cyr found the back of the net for Rouyn-Noranda (4-1-1). Samuel Harvey turned aside 25 shots.
By The Canadian Press
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2017 Opel Insignia Grand Sport Enlarge Photo
Opel in 2014 confirmed plans for a flagship SUV that would share a platform and production line with the Insignia range of models.
But the platform in question, code-named E2XX, is a General Motors design no longer available to Opel due to the brand's sale earlier this year to France's PSA Group.
According to Auto Express, the change of ownership means Opel's plans for the SUV, along with plans for all other vehicles being developed on GM platforms, have been put on hold.
Opel Monza concept Enlarge Photo
The SUV was expected to feature a design inspired by Opel's Monza concept unveiled at the 2013 Frankfurt auto show, and target vehicles such as the Ford Edge and Volkswagen Touareg. GM's Australian brand, Holden, was also expected to get a version of the SUV.
It may not be on hold indefinitely, however. Auto Express reports that PSA Group could still develop a range-topping SUV for Opel based on the flexible EMP2 platform found in a number of PSA Group vehicles including the Peugeot 3008 compact SUV. The platform is also destined for the next-generation Peugeot 508 sedan which will be an Insignia-sized vehicle.
Under the Opel sale agreement made between GM and PSA Group, Opel's future models will need to be based on platforms owned by PSA Group. Eventually, Opel's existing models based on GM's platforms, which aren't allowed to be sold by PSA Group outside of Europe, will be phased out or replaced with new models based on PSA Group platforms, a process that will take several years.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women's 4 x 100 meters relay final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Aaliyah Brown, Allyson Felix, Morolake Akinosun and Tori Bowie of the U.S. celebrate winning the gold medal.
LONDON (Reuters) - Individual champion Tori Bowie anchored the United States to victory in the women's 4x100 metres relay at the World Championships on Saturday.
It was the sixth time the U.S. have won the event and the gold was a record 15th World Championship medal for Allyson Felix, who ran the second leg.
The Americans, Olympic gold medallists in Rio last year, were led off by Aaliyah Brown who flew out of the blocks to start the run that brought them the world title they last won in 2011.
Felix, part of that winning team in Daegu, took the baton to Morolake Akinosun who handed on to Bowie, the 100m world champion.
The 26-year-old had pulled out of competing in the 200m earlier in the week due to suffering cuts and bruises in her sprint triumph last Sunday.
However, she looked in no discomfort as she surged down the final straight to win in 41.82 seconds.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women's 400 Metres Relay Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017. Asha Philip, Desiree Henry, Dina Asher-Smith and Daryll Neita of Great Britain celebrate finishing second in the final. Dylan Martinez
"We are on top of the world," Bowie said. "I am grateful to be able to run and bring these ladies home to the gold. It has been a mixed week but two gold medals is amazing for me."
Bowie was shadowed all the way to the line by Briton Daryll Neita who led her team to silver, in 42.12, ahead of 2015 champions Jamaica who were missing their usual anchor runner in Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women's 400 Metres Relay Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017. Aaliyah Brown, Allyson Felix, Morolake Akinosun and Torie Bowie of the U.S. celebrate winning the final. Kai Pfaffenbach
Britain's silver represented a big stride forward for the team, having won bronze at the Olympics.
"I tried my best down that last stretch and I'm glad to bring the team home to silver. We work so hard as a team so we are delighted," Neita said.
The evening session proved a double sprint delight for Britain as the men won a sensational gold in their race, watched by their female counterparts beside the track who leapt and screamed in delight at the final result.
"We've smashed it. We worked so hard for this. Us girls and boys have both done so well and we're so proud of each other," Neita added.
Injured Argonauts quarterback Ricky Ray is making progress with his sore shoulder, but not enough to guarantee he'll play in Saturday's rematch with the Montreal Alouettes at BMO Field.
That's why coach Marc Trestman has a pointed conversation with backups Jeff Mathews and Cody Fajardo at Monday's practice.
“We left a lot out there at that position,” Trestman said of the fill-in QBs' performance in Friday's 21-9 loss in Montreal. “We had guys open … (Mathews and Fajardo) owned up to it, and they want to improve upon their mistakes. But we have to be better at quarterback.”
Trestman and the Argos led the CFL's East Division heading into Friday, but left in second place at 3-5. That loss made crystal clear what the Boatmen need to work on before Saturday's return engagement.
Toronto's penchant for too many costly penalties continued in Montreal. Add in the letdown in execution at quarterback and the result was a demoralizing defeat against a division rival.
LOS ANGELES -- With several hundred people milling about on the track before the start of the Long Beach Grand Prix on April 9, USC coach Clay Helton had no problem blending in. He was there to serve in a supposed celebrity capacity as the race's grand marshal, but he was more in awe of the millions of dollars in racing equipment in the pits than anyone was to see him up close.
His relative anonymity shouldn't be surprising. But it provided a stark contrast to the previous two people who held the honor: boxer Oscar De La Hoya and actor Patrick Stewart. The Golden Boy or Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Helton is not. Nor will he ever pretend to be.
He does, however, want badly to win, and he knows becoming a more recognizable figure is good for business.
"He loves doing that kind of stuff," said USC quarterbacks coach Tyson Helton, Clay's younger brother. "As much as he can get out in the community and promote USC and the Trojans, he's happy to do it."
In Clay Helton's second spring at the helm of USC, it's clear the experiment is working. Jayne Kamin-Oncea/USA Today Sports
His growing public stature, of course, doesn't make him immune from some good-natured brotherly ribbing. When Clay told Tyson that as part of his day at the Grand Prix he would get to experience a high-speed ride in an Indy car, he wasn't expecting the response he got.
"I gave him a hard time because the weight limit is like 250 pounds [to ride in the car]," Tyson said with a laugh. "I said, 'Are you going to fit in that thing?' He wasn't too happy with that comment."
It still can feel odd at times that Helton oversees what traditionally has been one of the flashiest, most high-profile programs in college football. His personality doesn't fit what is expected of a coach in such a visible role. He is more friendly neighbor than win-at-all-cost tyrant.
But as USC closes its second spring under Helton, it's clear the experiment is working.
“I think he's done a good job of staying the course and believing in what his principles are as a head coach,” defensive coordinator Clancy Pendergast said.
One thing coaches and players consistently say when talking about Helton is this: He hasn't changed.
Long before he blossomed into the Heisman Trophy favorite, quarterback Sam Darnold was recruited to USC by Helton, who then served as the quarterbacks coach and offensive coordinator. Because Helton would be Darnold's position coach, they spent a lot of time getting to know each other.
“He hasn't really changed, honestly,” Darnold said. “It's awesome to say that because when he was recruiting me, he was the QB coach, he didn't B.S. me at all.”
Helton laid it out very clearly for Darnold that he was going to redshirt his first year on campus. With Cody Kessler coming back, that made sense, but there were no guarantees for when Darnold would see the field. That wasn't the approach all schools used with Darnold, and he appreciated Helton's honesty.
“With that mindset as the head coach, if he tells you something as a player, you're going to take that to heart,” Darnold said before emphasizing it again. “I don't think he has really changed at all.”
That's not always the case for someone elevated into such a prominent position or who has faced as much scrutiny as Helton did in his first several months on the job.
When former athletic director Pat Haden made Helton the interim coach following Steve Sarkisian's dismissal in 2015, it was widely assumed to be just that -- an interim assignment. The idea that Helton would be a serious candidate for the permanent job didn't catch much momentum for several weeks. And when Haden did remove the interim tag, it garnered a lukewarm reception. This was USC, after all, a school that should be able to bring in a coach with a national-title pedigree.
A coach like, say, LSU's Les Miles.
USC's 1-3 start to the season made Helton an easy target of job security thermometers. Most of them were in agreement: Helton's seat was heating up quickly.
And while this was going on, LSU was off to a similar start. The Tigers lost two of their first three games and Miles was fired (and replaced, coincidentally, by former USC interim coach Ed Orgeron), opening the door for the Miles-to-USC speculation to begin. Go ahead, Google “Les Miles USC."
At USC practice, though, it would have been impossible to sense anything was amiss. Helton, being the optimist he is, didn't veer off course and provided a calming influence for a group of players who already had experienced more than their fair share of turbulent times in their careers.
What happened next, of course, is well documented. Behind Darnold, USC won its final nine games of the season, including a 52-49 win against Penn State in the Rose Bowl, and finished the season at No. 3 in the AP poll. It was the Trojans' best final ranking in the poll since Pete Carroll was coach (2008) and the highest finish ever for a three-loss team. Helton was one of nine finalists for the Bryant Coach of the Year Award.
Still, Miles-to-USC finally did happen. At the USC coaches clinic on April 1, six months after Miles was fired, he served as the keynote speaker. Helton introduced him as a coaching legend and promised that wherever Miles ends up next, he'll win another championship.
They were kind words from a kind man.
They also were unintentionally amusing considering those Google search results.
USC likely will begin the 2017 season in the top five in nearly every prominent preseason poll. Darnold, understandably, will be the primary justification for this, but Helton's importance shouldn't be understated.
Mayor's Breast Cancer Breakfast
Columbia, SC (WOLO) — Get ready to grab breakfast and battle breast cancer, at the same time.
Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin is once again hosting the annual Mayor's Campaign against Breast Cancer Isabel Law Breakfast.
It will take place from 6 to 9 a.m. on Friday, October 20th at City Hall.
Tickets are seven dollars.
VMware CTO Ray O'Farrell (L) and CEO Pat Gelsinger (R) on stage at the company's Radio conference
At VMware's 14th Radio conference in San Francisco, Calif., on Wednesday, CTO Ray O'Farrell presented two possible paths for corporate adaptation in the face of market changes: BlackBerry's exit from the mobile phone business and Adobe's transformation into a software-as-a-service firm.
"Technology companies are not guaranteed a second act," he said.
Twenty years on, VMware, now under the oversight of Dell, at least has a second wind.
Virtzilla's stock price has climbed more or less steadily since 2016, reflecting belief in its plan to abstract everything and anything in the data centre. latterly expressed with its new Virtual Cloud Network and NSX software.
The company has come a long way from its first office, referred to as "the crack house" by discussion panelist Scott Devine, co-founder and principal engineer, for its dilapidation and leaking roof rather than any association with contraband.
And now the biz is attempting to reinvent itself as a SaaS shop, Adobe-style.
But the virtualizer still has some distance to travel before it secures a place in the cloud-shrouded promised land, where the tantalizing prospect of recurring subscription fees and customer lock-in await.
VMware isn't likely to become the next BlackBerry. But it could still trace the trajectory of Oracle, a legacy enterprise firm that despite heavy spending remains a niche player in the public cloud market.
Eager to preclude that possibility, O'Farrell spoke of "innovation" over and over again.
"Revolutionary companies must innovate not just in the product but in everything they do," he said.
O'Farrell presented a chart of technologies depicting fields in which VMware is supposedly innovating ... or at least plans to.
The list included: machine learning, the internet of things, artificial intelligence, augmented reality, edge computing, hardware acceleration, quantum computing, adaptive security, serverless, data analytics, blockchain and digital twin virtualized modelling.
Examples of this innovation that could be discussed without entering into a non-disclosure agreement were scarce.
But that fits with the purpose of the Radio conference – it's an internal technical event and conceptual pep rally for VMware engineers, not a public product showcase. (We're told this was the first time journalists were invited.)
Instead of new products held out as instances of innovation, the menu relied heavily on pronouncements about corporate values, as if good intentions would lead inevitably to revolutionary products and results.
Perhaps they will. CEO Pat Gelsinger spoke about how a comment from his father opened his eyes to the perniciousness of racism. Citing McKinsey research, he insisted that diverse companies perform better than their more homogenous peers.
"Overall, tech sucks at diversity," he said, adding, "We have to become comfortable with the uncomfortable."
Anyone who has flown coach understands that sentiment but let's allow for the moment that inclusive policies count as innovation. VMware deserves some credit for trying to live up to its leader's aspirations.
At a pre-event mixer on Tuesday, a handful of VMware leaders went into a bit more detail about the kind of research the company thinks will make its second act engaging.
VMware is researching blockchain technology, said chief research officer David Tennenhouse, motivated by both the company's commitment to sustainability and its interest in exploring enterprise-relevant ideas, such as federated ledgers.
VMware is not a fan of Bitcoin. Bitcoin's proof-of-work consensus mechanism, Tennenhouse said, relies on wasting energy.
"To be honest, we looked at this and just said it's immoral," he explained. "This sort of protocol is not a reasonable way for our industry to move forward. It's not acceptable."
So VMware instead is investigating Byzantine Agreement protocols, which turn out to suit federated systems where anonymity isn't an essential aspect of transactions.
The company is also pondering ways to save energy through virtualization, as Nicola Acutt, VP of sustainability strategy, explained.
But a progressive vision alone doesn't guarantee market progress.
In a briefing following the keynote presentation, Gabe Tarsuk-Levin, VMware's principal engineer, framed the company's activities in more practical terms.
Part of making the transformation from a vendor of customer-installed software to a biz that runs software for its customers involves gagging on its own dog food.
For VMware Cloud on AWS, that means learning to take software developed for on-premises installation and transforming it to be easy to run as a service.
"We've known for a long time that installing and patching our software is painful," said Tarsuk-Levin. "And we've made steps to try to improve that over the year, but this is one of the first times we've really felt that pain ourselves. ...The challenge of upgrading every quarter at scale is immense."
Kit Colbert, CTO of VMware's cloud platform group, suggested VMware is up to that challenge.
"I think we're very much following the Adobe model," he said. "It's pretty crazy the level of changes happening internally at VMware. There's a huge effort around cloud transformation. That is, how to we move to a SaaS-first type of delivery for our software. Even though most of our revenue doesn't some from SaaS, we believe it's a fundamental transition." ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
The NES Classic ships with a wired controller — and with a rather short cable, at that. The NES30 Bluetooth gamepad fixes that.
For everything that's great about the NES Classic — and there's a lot that is really fun here — one glaring black mark remains.
Wired controllers suck. And more than that, the wired controller that comes with the NES Classic is ridiculously short. Maybe not for 1987, but this ain't gonna cut it by 2017's standards.
And so we turn to Bluetooth.
The NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set from 8Bitdo was one of the first out of the gate. (At least that I initially found on Amazon.) And it's the first one we're taking a look at.
The obvious differences: No wire. That's a big one. But almost as big is that you get more buttons. It's really more of a hybrid — Super Nintendo layout in the original NES form. So that's taken my brain a little getting used to.
This week, as I was going through photos from Chuck Marcelo and John Selig and James Franklin and Dale Holdman from the equality marches held in Dallas and L.A. and D.C., I started thinking back to the Women's Marches held in January, the day after Trump was inaugurated.
James Comey testified and Jeff Sessions sort of testified before Congress. The Senate is trying to scuttle the ACA and sneak a ridiculously expensive and ineffective alternative in through the back door. Trump presided over a “Glorious Leader” moment in his first Cabinet meeting. And I woke up Wednesday morning to news of a shooting in Virginia where someone opened fire on Republican congressmen practicing for an upcoming baseball game against Democrats.
And in the midst of it all LGBT people across the country — including here in North Texas — celebrated Pride Month (although the president ignored it) with Equality marches. And we marked the one-year anniversary of the Pulse massacre, remembering those who died and honoring those who survived.
It has been a chaotic couple of weeks. Just like it was a chaotic few days six months ago as riots broke out in the streets of Washington, D.C. and Trump lied about the size of his … inaugural crowd, and hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets — from sea to shining sea — to resist the onset of Trump's unAmerican regime. The marches over the weekend reminded me of how it felt to be engulfed in that sea of humanity in D.C. on Jan. 20-21, and made me go back and look through photos I took there that weekend. Photos I had never actually sorted through yet.
As I sorted through the photos, choosing my favorites, I realized: We were resisting then, and we're still resisting now.
So I am sharing some of my photos that even I haven't seen until now. I hope they remind you why we're fighting, and inspire you to keep on fighting, no matter how tired you get.
Comments (powered by FaceBook)
NASA Unveils Ice Home Design For Mars Living
To those who want to be the first Earthlings to travel to Mars, Elon Musk says:
It would be, basically, ‘Are you prepared to die?' If that's OK, then, you know, you're a candidate for going.
NASA is not quite so drastic. Based on its newly-unveiled Martian habitat concept, a better question for future Mars travelers might be:
Are you prepared to freeze your butts off?
At a recent brainstorming session at Langley Research Center's Engineering Design Studio, researchers came up with this unique design.
A large inflatable torus, a shape similar to an inner tube, that is surrounded by a shell of water ice.
That's right. NASA wants its Mars explorers to live in a giant inner-tube-lined frozen igloo. Before you withdraw your application to astronaut school, you might want to get the details because it's actually a pretty good idea.
The first benefit of the “Mars Ice House” is ease of construction. A deflated inner tube can be moved around easily by small robots and put into place above ground, avoiding the need for heavy moving and digging equipment.
A second and more critical benefit is that ice is actually an excellent material for blocking cosmic radiation. This can be accomplished even though the ice is translucent, which allows some sunlight to enter the habitat for natural lighting. Since we now know that Mars has ice just below the surface, this is a construction material that does not need to be transported to the planet from Earth.
What about heat? The Mars Ice House would be built with a layer of carbon dioxide gas between the inner tube and the outer ice layer, providing insulation. Carbon dioxide exists on Mars so this is another building material that doesn't need to be shipped there.
With this simple yet effective design, the Mars Ice House could be built by robots and be ready for the space travelers to move right it.
Finally, the Mars Ice House can provide one last benefit once it has served its useful life as a shelter – fuel. The water can be converted into rocket fuel for the Mars Ascent Vehicle which is the first step towards getting a crew back to Earth.
While the Mars Ice House is still in the design phase, it's quite a design. Throw in a last benefit in that it will make it easy to keep the home-brewed-with-Martian-water beer cold, NASA may have an easier time recruiting crews than that morbid Musk.
Academic works at Aduman Aduman Senior High School in the Afigya Kwabre district of the Ashanti Region has been under serious threat as teachers are demanding the immediate removal of the school's headmaster Francis Yao Agorsor for assaulting Mathematics tutor.
A section of the teachers and non-teaching staff have submitted a number of petitions to the education ministry and the education service complaining the headmaster disrespects and assaults teachers.
Francis Yao Agorsor who also the former Headmaster of Jacobu Senior High Technical School, JASTECH, in the Amansie Central District of Ashanti was chased out from the school by irate youth for his intransigent leadership.
They claimed the headmaster has on several occasions extended a hostile attitude towards the parents and PTA of the school walking out on them during meetings.
In January this year, 85 out of the 99 teaching and non-teaching staff submitted a number of petitions to the education ministry and the education service demanding that the headmaster be removed from office.
They accused Mr Agorsor of disrespecting and abusing teachers at will.
A three member committee was set up to investigate the claims after the teachers staged a sit down strike by the Ashanti Regional Director of Education, selected some members of staff (petitioners and non-petitioners) and gave them 2 options to choose from without teachers' knowledge of the contents of the Report and the White Paper:
The reports said either teachers decide to stay with the Headmaster or 34 teachers would be transferred from the school. 29/03/18
The petitioners held a meeting and communicated their resolution in writing to the Regional Director through the District Director that, they could not decide without reading the report. The teachers later accepted under duress that the report be implemented but they are still requesting for the Report and the White Paper.03/04/18
They questioned why is the Headmaster, Francis Yao Agorsor, still at post? And why are the petitioners/teachers denied a copy of the report and the White Paper?Why should students suffer because of one person's (the Headmaster's) antagonistic attitude? What remarkable success has the Headmaster chalked apart from abusing teachers that make it difficult for him to leave the school? Is there any rot or financial malfeasance that he wants to conceal?
But the teachers complained they have not received any response from the committee which was supposed to finish its work in two weeks.
Otecnews source has learnt that the Show of Disrespect to Teachers and Stakeholders; Show of Extreme Anger; Victimization and Vindictiveness and Lack of Respect for Teachers as well as the headmaster's verbally and physically attacks on teachers are creating massive tension in the school and also affecting the academic activities.
The teachers insist all avenues to get the headmaster to amend his ways have proven unsuccessful.
His open assault of teachers is also an affront to proper moral upbringing of high school students. We, the teachers of Aduman Senior High School, think that, we will do our students, school and country as a whole a great disservice if we sit down unconcerned for a single person's parochial interest to ruin the huge investment the government is making in our students hence our petition to your high office for his removal,” it added.
Read the full statement below
ADUMAN SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL PETITIONERS
PRESS RELEASE
GES HIDES REPORT AND WHITE PAPER ON INVESTIGATIONS CONDUCTED INTO TEACHERS' PETITION REQUESTING THE REMOVAL OF THE HEADMASTER, MR. FRANCIS YAO AGORSOR (FORMER HEADMASTER, JACOBU SHS) FROM THE SCHOOL, BUT THREATENS TO TRANSFER 34 TEACHERS FROM THE SCHOOL.
The Petitioners of the Aduman Senior High School wish to inform the general public that:
1. The five-point petition never touched on any extra-class issue as its being peddled in some circles.
2. The first Petition was given to the Headmaster complaining of his verbal abuse of teachers which he slighted by not even acknowledging receipt of the letter let alone making himself available for amicable solution to the problem. 27/11/17
3. The second petition was to the School Board of Governors stating we could no longer work with the Headmaster – Francis Yao Agorsor. 06/12/17
4. The third request, was delivered to the Director-General and the Minister of Education through the District and Regional Directors of Education, Ashanti and Afigya Kwabre respectively, requesting the removal of the Headmaster from the school. 18/12/17
5. A 3-Member Committee was set up and subsequently inaugurated in the school's Dining Hall by the Ashanti Regional Director of Education, Mrs Mary Owusu Achiaw 23/01/18
6. The Committee completed its work on 30-01-2018 and submitted its findings after one week i.e. 7th February, 2018.
After, the relationship between the teachers and the Headmaster, Francis Yao Agorsor, became more estranged, the Headmaster went on a self-imposed office arrest, he could no longer move freely on the school compound, no staff meetings were held; the Headmaster refused to sign teachers' promotion forms.
Teachers relinquished key non-core duties because of the stack lies in the Headmaster's response to the teachers' petition which was submitted by the headmaster to the Committee on the first day of the Committee's sitting, etc.
7. The petitioners made a formal request for the report but received no response.
8. The Deputy Director-General, GES, Mr. Anthony Boateng, visited the school and asked the teachers to restore the school to normalcy which teachers obliged. He promised to resolve the impasse before he left for Accra on Thursday, 22nd March, 2018 which didn't materialise. The school returned to normalcy on that same day but the relationship between the Headmaster and the teachers became estranged day after day. 19/03/18
9. The Ashanti Regional Director of Education, selected some members of staff (petitioners and non-petitioners) and gave them 2 options to choose from without teachers' knowledge of the contents of the Report and the White Paper:
1. Either teachers decide to stay with the Headmaster OR
2. 34 teachers would be transferred from the school. 29/03/18
10. The petitioners held a meeting and communicated their resolution in writing to the Regional Director through the District Director that, they could not decide without reading the report. The teachers later accepted under duress that the report be implemented but the are still requesting for the Report and the White Paper.03/04/18
11. To Date, though the Headmaster, Francis Yao Agorsor, still remains at post and continues to abuse teachers and does not want to have anything to do with teachers(petitioners), the Regional Directorate has started transferring staff members of the school. For instance, two (2) matrons of the school, who were forthright about the contents of the petition, when the media, they did not invite spoke to them, have been transferred.
12. QUESTIONS
1. Why is the Headmaster, Francis Yao Agorsor, still at post?
2. Why are the petitioners/teachers denied a copy of the report and the White Paper?
2. Why should students suffer because of one person's (the Headmaster's) antagonistic attitude?
3. What remarkable success has the Headmaster chalked apart from abusing teachers that make it difficult for him to leave the school? Is there any rot or financial malfeasance that he wants to conceal?
5. Why are the Teacher Associations,(GNAT, CCT and NAGRAT) not interested in getting copies of the Report and White paper, as compared to the Ejisuman SHS case?
5. What are the offences of the 2 Matrons who have been transferred from the school? Is freedom of fair speech no longer a fundamental human right?
6. What criteria were used in selecting and earmarking 34 out of the 85 staff / petitioners for transfer?
7. Why the threat of frustrating and likely blocking of teachers' salaries when they go on transfer?
Going forward, answers to the above questions have become imperative because in the words of the Regional Director, if any financial malfeasance issues were established then the Headmaster would have been relieved of his duty.
It must be noted that we only went to the committee to answer questions on our petition and the Headmaster's stack lie response.
Dated this Monday, the 23rd day of April, 2018
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour MP Clive Lewis has been cleared by the party over allegations of sexual harassment, it emerged today.
The Norwich South MP was accused of giving a 39-year-old woman's backside a “big squeeze” while hugging her at the Party's annual conference, which took place in Brighton in September.
He denied the allegation, and today said he was “very pleased to be able to put this behind me and move on.”
Lewis had previously apologised after telling a man to "get on your knees, bitch" during an event at campaign group Momentum's fringe conference, The World Transformed.
He added: “I believe it right and proper that the Labour Party treats all allegations of bullying, harassment and sexual misconduct seriously.
"I want to express my gratitude to my wife, friends and constituents who have supported me during recent weeks."
My primary fitness activity is running, but as a guy who played football and rugby in college, and for many years as an adult, I also understand the importance of other types of exercise in order to support a healthy lifestyle. At this time in my life, it is not a priority to pack up my gear, head to a gym, and dedicate an hour or more of my time to workouts at a facility since it is already tough to carve out an hour to hit the road for a good run. I am also a very competitive person and tend to do more than planned when I have people around that I can compete with — so working out alone suits me just fine. I've been focusing on bodyweight exercises as a mechanism to add some crosstraining to my life and have found that you can achieve results with nothing more than your own body, shoes, and shorts. The Fitbit Versa comes preloaded with Fitbit Coach and three free bodyweight exercise options. Short videos on your phone, or animations on your Versa, will show you the proper form of each exercise. These free exercises include the 7-minute workout, 10-minute Abs, and Treasure Chest. These are great options for basic workouts and may satisfy some people. However, I want more workout options, so I decided to take a closer look at the $40 annual Fitbit Coach service. You may also want to check out Sean Endicott's take on Fitbit Coach at Windows Central. Disclaimer: Fitbit provided a promo code in order to test out Fitbit Coach.
Premium Membership Costs I live in a town of about 50,000 people where gym costs run from $10 to $30 per month, but know that those of you living in a major city see even higher monthly fees. While these facilities may offer equipment, pools, saunas, and other amenities, Fitbit Coach Premium offers an alternative for those who don't want to travel to a gym. The cost for Fitbit Coach Premium is $7.99 monthly or $39.99 for a year (works out to just $3.33 per month). If you pay for the yearly plan, you essentially get seven months for free over what you would pay on a monthly basis. Initial Setup
After subscribing to a monthly or yearly plan, the next step is to establish your profile and specify your initial preferences on Fitbit Coach. Enter your name, date of birth, unit of measure, height, weight (this can be synced automatically if you have a Fitbit Aria scale, and gender. You have two options available for a trainer, Lea or Adrian. There are introductory videos and bios for each of these two trainers. I currently am training with Lea, but you can also switch as you desire while using Fitbit Coach. Privacy options are present asking if you wish to share your weight data or session history with friends. The beauty of these exercise programs is that you don't need much equipment, if any. Just you, a chair, and some serious motivation. Session preferences include subtitle toggle, text tips displayed during a session, audio cue toggle for reps, audio mixing toggle between tips and Fitbit Radio, and default video quality of SD or HD. You can also select text and email settings for notifications. Notifications are present for the ideal time for upcoming sessions, activity progress updates, bonus content, and promotional content. While you should connect your Fitbit account by default to make sure your Fitbit Versa is set up to work with the Fitbit Coach app, you can also connect your Facebook account to share your status with family and friends. On an iPhone, you can also have your data synced to Apple Health and on an Android phone your data can sync to Google Fit. After all of your preferences are set up, it's time to get started with some exercise. The first thing Fitbit Coach will prompt you to complete is a fit test. This is a seven-minute test consisting of six exercises with a survey after to help Fitbit Coach establish your baseline and make recommendations for the next exercises you may perform. The six exercises include high knees, pushups, bodyweight squats, back plank, pike presses, and bicycle kicks. Equipment for Participation The majority of the workouts in Fitbit Coach are bodyweight workouts so all you need is yourself, comfortable clothes to exercise in, and some available space to move. You may need a chair or stairs to use as props, but there is no equipment needed to complete these bodyweight workouts. If you want to participate in stair or running workouts, then you will need to find place with lots of stairs or a treadmill. Workout Options
'Workouts' appears as the second tab, or screen, on the Fitbit Coach website, and on the smartphone app. The website has dropdown options for muscle focus, difficulty level, and length. Muscle focus includes arms & shoulders, core, chest, legs, back, cardio, and total body. Difficulty level options include easy, medium, and hard. Length options include 10 minutes or less, 11 to 15 minutes, 16 to 20 minutes, 21 to 30 minutes, and 31 minutes and up. In total, 58 total workouts are shown on the website. We are focused on the Fitbit Versa here, so what is present on the smartphone app that then syncs as favorites to the watch app are more relevant to this discussion. In the smartphone app, workouts are organized in five categories; bodyweight, outdoor walks, stair workouts, outdoor runs, and treadmill. There are 58 bodyweight workouts available, seven outdoor walks, 15 stair workouts, 12 outdoor runs, and 20 treadmill workouts.
I despise treadmills and will never personally use these workouts while I also have limited access to a stadium or other long sets of stairs for stair workouts. I am primarily interested in using Fitbit Coach for bodyweight workouts, and as you can see the overwhelming majority of workouts are focused on bodyweight routines. The bodyweight workouts are each given unique names and an image associated with that workout. The thumbnail shows the time needed to complete the workout and an estimated calorie burn value. This calorie value will vary by your actual measured heart rate and other data associated with your performance. Tap on a workout to view a statement about its intent and a list of the exercises and time for each exercise. Tap on an exercise to view a short video, with audio, showing you the proper form for completing the exercise. I encourage you to tap the star icon on workouts you like as that will save them to your favorites list for easy access in the future. There are a vast number of exercises contained within all of these workouts, including jumping jacks, high knees, butt kicks, inchworms, squats, lunges, planks, dead bugs, Superman swimmers, and much more. The workouts are a great way to add variety to your fitness program while also being able to focus on areas of your body that need work. Program Options
The other option for using Fitbit Coach is to choose programs. The four programs are set up to mix in workouts in order to help you find a program that matches your goals and available time to work out. The exercises are the same as present in the workouts, but with workouts, you have to try them and manage your own mix and match of workouts. The programs include Get Moving (one session a week for 10-20 minutes each), Get Strong (three sessions a week for 20-40 minutes each), Get Lean (four sessions a week for 30-50 minutes each), and Daily Dose (six sessions a week for 10-15 minutes each). Since I am in half marathon training mode while also trying to lose weight I am currently enrolled in the Daily Dose program since it requires less time than the Get Strong or Get Lean programs and running three to four times a week is already pushing the limits of my available time. Dashboard
The first screen on the smartphone app and on the website contains your dashboard. As you complete various workouts and programs, Fitbit will adapt and then start providing you with suggested workouts, workouts if you need to take a break, workouts to increase your cardio, and more. These suggestions appear on the Dashboard, below your most recent workout that appears at the top of the page. In the Fitbit Versa watch app, personalized workouts are synced to the watch as you continue to use Fitbit Coach for your training. Given all of the bodyweight exercises that are provided by Fitbit Coach, I personally think it is easily worth the $39.99 yearly fee. After a year of regular use, you may have selected workouts memorized and no longer need the coach, but it is highly likely that Fitbit will continue to improve the service so stay tuned for next year. Fitbit Coach Alternatives
One aspect that makes Fitbit Coach a compelling product compared to selecting individual coaching apps from app stores is the workouts and programs that vary the exercises over a period of time. Also Fitbit Coach is closely tied in with Fitbit wearables so that your activity is synced with the workout program. Many other apps are only available on smartphones or have limited wearable options. There are competitors to Fitbit Coach with most available on iOS and Android. Some popular options include Pear, Skimble Workout Trainer, Nike Training Club, and Aaptiv. There are hundreds of workouts in Pear and the Pear+ membership is available for $5.99 per month or $39.99 per year. If you do not subscribe, then three workouts will be selected for you to access and use for free. Skimble Workout Trainer contains thousands of workouts with 2,000+ exercises. More than 100 training programs from certified personal trainers are available with a Pro+ membership. Membership is $6.99 per month or $59.99 per year. Similar to Pear, free users get access to three workouts.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said the government was committed to provide good governance which was about speed and simplification of processes. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: With the slogan of “Bharat Jodo”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday asked the people of the country to come forward to build a New India in the next five years which will be free from caste and religious differences, corruption and terrorism, and where people will have access to basic facilities like housing, power and water.
In his address to the nation on Independence Day, Modi said that people have to come together to build a new India where the dreams of youth and women are fulfilled, the income of the farmers is doubled by 2022, and there would be no space for corruption and dynasty rule in the country.
“India is about shanti (peace), ekta (unity) and sadbhavana (harmony). Casteism and communalism will not help us. Violence in the name of astha (faith) is not something to be happy about, it will not be accepted in India. Team India should come together to build a New India,” said Modi in his Independence Day speech on Tuesday.
Also read: India needs next-generation infrastructure: Narendra Modi
While talking about taking the country on a new track of development, Modi said that people have to leave the “chalta hai” attitude and think of “badal sakta hai”(we can change)—“this attitude will help us as a nation”.
“We have to take the country ahead with the determination of creating a New India. In our nation, there is no one big or small... everybody is equal. Together we can bring a positive change in the nation,” Modi said.
The prime minister further elaborated that the government was committed to provide good governance which was about speed and simplification of processes. He said that the fight against corruption would continue as the government is trying to bring greater transparency with the use of technology.
“Our fight against black money and corruption will continue. We have to use technology for good and transparent governance. Those who have looted the nation and looted the poor are not able to sleep peacefully. There is an environment today where there is a festival of honesty. This gives support. In such a short time, the government has managed to get more than Rs800 crore benami money,” the PM said.
In a significant message while reaching out to people of Kashmir, Modi said that the issue will get resolved neither through “goli aur gaali” (guns and abuses) but by embracing one another.
Also read: Narendra Modi's Independence Day speech 2017: Key highlights
The prime minister also spoke on demonetisation and linked it with the government's commitment for anti-corruption as well as the digital push, saying that a time would come soon when paper currency will make way for all forms of digital transactions. Modi said that through demonetisation, the government had succeeded in getting hidden black money back in the system.
“With demonetisation we have managed to get hidden black money out. It was our effort to get money into banks. Rs3 lakh crore was brought into the banking system. At least more than Rs2 lakh crore black money has had to reach the banks. There are stoppages in new black money,” he said.
“There has been more than double increase in income tax returns. 18 lakh people have been identified whose incomes do not match (their returns). 3 lakh companies have been found to be shell companies. I have started a war against corruption and black money for the benefit of the poor and the growth of the country,” he added.
Reiterating his stand on cooperative federalism, Modi said that states and the central government have given a new strength to competitive federalism through the rollout and implementation of the goods and services tax (GST). He added that as opposed to earlier times when the relationship between the Centre and the state was that of an elder and younger brother, the terms of engagements are changing now.
“There was an environment that the Centre was the big brother and states the younger brothers. I have been the CM and am aware of the importance of taking states along. We have focussed on cooperative federalism and now competitive cooperative federalism,” said Modi.
Modi said the Central government is working with the states through policies like GST, Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan, Smart Cities and Ease of Doing Business.
Modi also said that the government was devoting significant attention to eastern Indian states of Bihar, Assam, West Bengal, Odisha and the Northeast. These parts have to grow further, he said.
Modi spoke about the controversial “triple talaq” issue and thanked those who have been working on the campaign. He also mentioned that maternity leave for women has been nearly doubled.
Delivering the Nuffield Farming Lecture Report 2018, rural policy expert Professor Michael Winter OBE, from the University of Exeter, said more must be done to ensure the UK has nutritional security as well as food security, and this should be seen as a “public good”.
Professor Winter added: “Farmers should be proactive, helping to create a new food culture which nourishes and sustains health and wellbeing building further on UK farmers' proven ability to produce safe, nutritious and affordable food in response to market demand. As demand changes so UK farmers need to respond with confidence to the concerns and opportunities in our changing society.
“Human health should take centre-stage when society is making policy decisions about food and agriculture. I'm optimistic that this shift will take place, but of course farmers will need support through Brexit as new government policies emerge designed to ensure a strong, sustainable, competitive and food health-oriented industry.”
Professor Winter's report recommends more is done to help encourage people to work in agriculture, and to up-skill existing farmers, especially smaller farmers, including an up-scaling or expansion of the Prince's Countryside Fund Farm Resilience Programme.
Professor Winter also said there was a need for new stronger and shorter food supply chains focussed on nutritional qualities of food, and Quality Assurance Schemes should be deepened to include nutritional quality at the core. Government policies should also encourage the growth and sale of pulses, fruit and vegetables.
Winter's report details how, in the UK people are now drinking less whole milk, and more semi-skimmed milk. There has been a decline in the consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables. People are eating meat as part of ready meals and convenience products. People spend less time preparing food and eating at home.
Food prices are increasing while the number of different crops grown around the world is decreasing. Of the thousands of plant species documented as human food just three energy-rich crops – rice, wheat and maize – provide half the world's plant-derived calories.
Britain imports around £2.3 billion worth of fresh vegetables, but only exports goods worth £109 million. In the case of fresh fruit the respective figures are £3.6 billion and £113 million. The report says there is potential for British farmers to expand production of a range of soft fruit, apples, pears and plums, nuts and many vegetables.
This may mean the need to upskill farmers and agricultural workers and the use of new technologies such as robotics, imaging, mapping, storage, yield, irrigation and nutrient modelling.
But Professor Winter said any reforms would need to take into account the challenges to agriculture caused by Britain's exit from the European Union.
He explained: “The challenges facing UK agriculture are uneven productivity and its dependence on CAP payments. Any ask of UK farmers to respond to food cultural shifts and to the health agenda requires a proper appreciation of the industry and the difficulties it faces. Merely to heap yet more ‘demands' on a beleaguered sector without such an understanding is inappropriate and unhelpful.
“Brexit negotiations could slow down this expansion of fruit and vegetable production – as of course they are dependent on seasonal labour. But this expansion also requires more people to have the skills needed. These crops tend be grown by a relatively small number of highly specialised growers. The knowledge and capital required to successfully engage with some specialist crops is such that expansion is not a given, whatever the apparent consumer demand might be, especially where there is a long lead-in time before income flows are assured. Where opportunities can be grasped the potential for growth is very real.”
Howell City Residents Weigh In On Proposed Public Safety Assessment
April 24, 2018
Staff and the Howell City Council listened to concerns and fielded questions from property owners during a packed meeting and lengthy public hearing Monday night in regard to a proposed public safety assessment.
A formal presentation on the City's financial situation and different state influences impacting the budget was delivered prior to a public hearing, which lasted roughly three hours. New revenue from the proposed assessment would fund police services, to offset current general fund dollars, which would then be reallocated primarily to fund infrastructure projects in the City. The presentation detailed cuts and efficiencies, but also issues at the state level that have caused “the perfect storm” such as the effects of Proposal A and the Headlee Amendment, as well as the reduction of state revenue sharing.
Council had considered a Headlee Override, but had concerns that if failed to pass, there would be no other options to avoid deep cuts so the public safety assessment was pursued. While some in the audience felt un-informed, it was noted that Council has discussed the probability of some form of millage or assessment at length during meetings and during budget work sessions, but also in the City calendar. One resident, John Davis, chastised the crowd for never attending meetings, saying he is very proud of Howell as well as the community-minded police force.
There was an option to potentially halt the district by distributing a petition with a required amount of signatures, but that was not mentioned in a City mailing and it would have been due last night. Many of those who spoke were not happy with that process, nor the timing of the mailing. Others spoke in preference of a public vote or reduced amount. Resident Nancy Brehm raised issues and objections with past road projects already completed and urged council to listen to constituency. She said they are all about support of essential services but have concerns. Others indicated they weren't happy with the proposal but could absorb it and understood the reasons why.
Mayor Pro-Tem Steve Manor told the audience maintaining roads is important but so is maintaining the current level of services. He said some roads are worse than others but if that's not done, then the City faces completely rebuilding some, which is a huge investment. Manor said he doesn't think they've misused or abused taxpayer money but have done very well with it, saying they're just at about the end of where they can sustain operations of the city and continue to make investments. He stressed if they don't invest in infrastructure, the bill in the future will be horrendous.
Some alleged mismanagement and questioned investments made by the City but also past projects. Mayor Nick Proctor says he's proud the City has an award winning finance department recognized by the state – adding if the City was grossly inadequate in managing the budget, then the telling factor would be the bond rating. He says the rating is AA-, which means the bond market trusts what the City is doing financially. Proctor noted Council has also reduced the rainy day fund from 20 to 25% to help delay getting to this point. Proctor pushed back on the claim of mismanaged finances, saying if they were, then the bond rating would be dismal. He says it's a good rating and tells him the finance department and the decisions Council is making are spot on.
After the public hearing, Council unanimously adopted a resolution to establish the assessment district, which includes all real property – residential, commercial and industrial. Council is considering the equivalent of three mills, which would equate to $861,590 in 2018/2019. However, the exact amount has not been determined and must be voted on by Council at the May 7th meeting, at which time another public hearing will take place.
Detailed information about the proposed public safety assessment remains available on the City website. The link is provided. (JM)
Over the past few years, cyberattacks and internet harassment have escalated against abortion clinics intended to disrupt services, intimidate providers and patients. Rebecca Grant reports on the "The Disturbing Rise of Cyberattacks Against Abortion Clinics," published in the Wired today: "While hate speech and online harassment have long plagued abortion providers — including over 42,500 incidents of hate speech in 2016 alone, according to the National Abortion Federation — actual hacking represents a serious escalation. Even organizations like Planned Parenthood, which have significant resources and manpower, struggle to prevent attacks from a loosely organized but determined group of 'hacktivists' and extremists. ... anti-abortion groups have used tactics like this since the early days of the internet, but the vulnerability landscape has broadened and diversified."
Related topics: Cyberattack, Cybercrime
Ahmedabad: Congress veteran Ahmed Patel has admitted he learnt "bitter lessons" in his Rajya Sabha election when a battery of legislators openly tried to sabotage his winning prospects but asserted it ended up helping the party separate the wheat from the chaff.
In a candid interview to IANS where he spoke about issues afflicting the party, Patel, political secretary to Congress President Sonia Gandhi, said: "We will need to be careful in future, keep a close watch and look into individual grievances of party leaders and MLAs."
Asked if this meant rebel leader Shankersinh Vaghela was correct in his claims that the problems and aspirations of MLAs were ignored, he said: "Well, not exactly. But we will look into the details and the genuineness of the grievances for sure. But that is no justification for stabbing the party in the back like this."
"It was the toughest electoral battle of my career. I have fought five Lok Sabha elections and four Rajya Sabha, but this was the toughest," the 67-year-old Patel admitted.
"We learnt bitter lessons but we have emerged stronger. This entire episode (of sabotage) has automatically led to purging of people whom we could not trust. We know who is ours and who is not, and who was never," said the Congress leader, who won his fifth term after two votes against him by rebel MLAs got invalidated.
Good riddance of bad rubbish? "No, no, no, don`t use such words; not bad rubbish, but those who were not the party`s well-wishers have left," said Patel, who belongs to south Gujarat`s Bharuch district.
Six Congress MLAs resigned in the run-up to the Rajya Sabha election on August 8, and eight others, including rebel leader Vaghela, openly cross-voted against the party`s official nominee Patel in an election which turned into a battleground with four candidates in the fray for three seats.
Two of them, BJP President Amit Shah and Patel, were the most powerful leaders in their respective parties and the Bharatiya Janata Party was bent upon seeing Patel out — also to snub Sonia Gandhi.
Within 24 hours of Patel`s victory, reportedly with the support of the lone Janata Dal-United legislator Chhotubhai Vasava, the eight Congress rebels were sacked, and the party also issued sack letters to the six who had resigned because they had done so after a whip to vote for Patel.
Patel added: "The first and the most important outcome of this election is that there is new spirit and sense of determination, which had dissipated and given way to inertia."
"The mood has changed now. Sometimes it is the will to win alone that overrides and takes care of several issues."
What was in this victory that has sent a current of energy through the party, something that did not happen even after the Congress lost all 26 Lok Sabha seats in 2014?
"When you pull life out of the jaws of death, you don`t want it to happen again. All our people, the entire party was made to feel completely helpless by the enemies very much within us. This was not the case in 2014, though it was a humiliating defeat," pointed out Patel, whom Vaghela had promised to vote for, only to take a U-turn at the eleventh hour.
Asked if he was now going to take active charge of the Gujarat Congress and lead from the front, given that he has set the party rank and file a target of 125 seats (in a House of 182), he said an emphatic "No."
"I will be a facilitator, I will keep a much closer watch and do my best possible to meet this target. I am not for Chief Ministership, if you are suggesting even something remotely like that."
So who is going to channelise this new energy in the party since every leader in the Congress seems to be a Chief Ministerial candidate, the key party strategist laughs, but admits: "This is a big challenge for us, the tendency to count the eggs even before they are hatched."
So, what do you do with this? "We will sort it out. See, sometimes small distractions and minor tussles blur the big picture, the bottomline. This episode has come as a blessing in disguise. There is a realisation that a victory is now a necessity for survival."
"Once the bottomline becomes your goal, other things start falling in place."
Gujarat is expected to go to the polls in December this year.
With Vaghela gone, does the Congress have a Chief Ministerial candidate with state-level stature?
"I won`t like to go into Vaghela`s claims, but I would say your ability to fetch victory on a tough ground has to be demonstrated through adequate evidence," Patel said, tacitly referring to Vaghela`s erstwhile Rashtriya Janata Party`s ability to win only four seats.
"We have not thought of a Chief Ministerial candidate, we will do so when the need arises. Right now, the immediate priority is put our house in order," he said.
New Delhi
India will deploy nearly 30,000 paramilitary personnel for annual Amarnath Yatra beginning on June 29. An official of Indian Home Ministry in New Delhi said that nearly 30,000 paramilitary personnel will be deployed besides the police. These paramilitary personnel will be in addition to a large number of policemen already deployed in the areas along the two routes leading to the Amarnath cave. The pilgrimage will begin on June 29 and conclude on August 7.—KMS
REMEMBERING COMPANY E
EL PASO, Texas - A group of Hispanic business owners and community leaders, called commUNITY en Acción (community in action), are working to get a monument dedicated to Mexican-American soldiers from El Paso who served in World War ll.
The monument for the soldiers, known at the time as company E, would be installed in Downtown El Paso.
There is already an existing monument erected in 2008 at Delta Drive and Tobin Place next to the Chalio Acosta Sports Complex, but commUNITY en Acción would like a sister monument to bring more awareness to the soldiers and their contributions to World War ll.
5 Photos
Advocacy Chair for commUNITY en Acción Dan Olivas said, "The fact that the monument is here is great, but the fact is, we need it to be showcasing what these kids actually accomplished and what theses men sacrificed. It needs to be in a prominent place where everybody has an opportunity in seeing it."
The group said the ideal location for the monument is in Cleveland Square in Downtown by the Museum of History.
The group has already contacted District Rep. Cissy Lizarraga, whose district includes both locations for the current monument and the proposed sister monument.
In a statement, Cissy Lizarraga said, “I think this proposal makes a lot of sense. These men are El Paso heroes, worth honoring and remembering and teaching our youth about. I believe the same artist that created the original monument has indicated a willingness to work on the companion.
Lizarraga said she has made a request for the sister monument in the budget for Fiscal year 2019. The request means that the City staff will work on pricing out the cost, and the amount calculated will be considered by City Council.
Company E fought in the battle El Rio Rapido in January 1944 during the liberation of Italy. Many soldiers were lost or captured.
"They knew that this was a suicide mission and yet they were ordered to do it and they complied with the order," said Dan.
To learn more about E Company, read the book "Patriots from the Barrio." The book, written by David Gutierrez, is available on Amazon. The book is also available on Barnes & Noble.
The father of a terminally ill British toddler said the child is surviving after being taken off life support, surprising doctors who had argued he should be allowed to die.
Tom Evans said his 23-month-old son, Alfie, survived for six hours with no assistance, and that doctors are now providing oxygen and hydration.
“He's now on oxygen,” Evans said. “It's not changing his breathing but it's oxygenating his body.”
Alfie is in a “semi-vegetative state” as a result of a degenerative neurological condition doctors have been unable to identify. He was taken off life support after a series of court rulings backed doctors who said further treatment was futile.
Alfie's parents, Evans, 21, and Kate James, 20, want to take him to the Vatican's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital. Doctors at Liverpool's Alder Hey Children's Hospital believe that would not be in the toddler's best interests, and British courts have agreed.
The case has drawn the attention of Pope Francis, who during a Sunday blessing in St. Peter's Square this month offered prayers for Alfie and others who are suffering from serious infirmities. Francis has made appeals for the boy to be kept alive, saying only God can decide who dies.
The head of the Vatican's Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital said the Italian defense ministry had a plane ready to transport Alfie to Italy if he were allowed. In an interview with Italian Radio 24, Mariella Enoc, who travelled to Liverpool to personally try to intervene on behalf of the parents, said she spoke to the Italian ambassador in London who said the plane could leave with him in a matter of minutes.
On Monday, the Italian foreign ministry announced it had granted Alfie Italian citizenship to facilitate his arrival and transport.
The hospital said it would not be offering a running commentary on the child's condition.
“This is our normal and agreed practice with all our patients,” the hospital said in a statement.
FILE PHOTO - A woman stands in front of the logo of Snap Inc. on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) while waiting for Snap Inc. to post their IPO, in New York City, New York, U.S. on March 2, 2017.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Snap Inc shares fell 4 percent on Monday after U.S. securities filings showed some funds dissolving their stakes in the social media company and another brokerage lowered its price target on the stock.
Shares of the Snapchat parent are likely to face new pressure on Monday, when employees for the first time are allowed to sell their stock following the company's blockbuster initial public offering.
Monday is also the deadline for hedge funds and other institutional investors to report their quarter-end holdings of U.S. equities.
Initial securities filings since Friday show Third Point LLC and Temasek Holdings dissolved their stakes in Snap entirely.
The new pressure on Snap's stock follows a disappointing quarterly report last week that sent it down 14 percent on Friday to a closing low of $11.83, far below its IPO price of $17. On Monday, the shares fell another 3.8 percent to $11.38 after being among the most actively traded stocks before the market opened.
Wall Street is increasingly worried that Snap is succumbing to competition from Facebook Inc's Instagram.
Instagram, which has adopted features from Snapchat, has 250 million daily active users, compared with Snapchat's 173 million at the end of the second quarter, fewer than Wall Street had expected.
Cantor Fitzgerald, which rates the stock "neutral," lowered its price target to $15 from $17.
"We remain on the sidelines until we see signs of re-acceleration in user growth, an inflection on Snap pricing... and/or get closer to the end of the lock-up expiration," analyst Kip Paulson said in a research note.
Starting on Monday, employees are allowed to sell hundreds of millions of their shares for the first time since Snap's $3.4 billion market debut in March, the largest U.S. IPO in years.
That follows an expiry at the end of July on restrictions from early investors owning around 400 million shares.
To try to reassure investors, Snap Chief Executive Officer Evan Spiegel and co-founder Robert Murphy on Thursday committed to not sell any of their combined 422 million shares in 2017.
Close to 800 million shares become eligible for trading on Monday, including Spiegel and Murphy's stakes, according to JPMorgan analyst Doug Anmuth.
Snapchat is popular among people under 30 who like decorating their pictures with bunny faces and other filters. But following the IPO, investors have become more concerned that it might never become profitable.
The NDP's identity crisis hasn't been fun to watch. For decades they've tried desperately to show they aren't the radical revolutionaries Doug Ford has waking nightmares about, and to do it they've turned themselves inside out. Jack Layton's NDP struck “socialism” from their constitution, Thomas Mulcair promised balanced budgets. Andrea Horwath went so far to the right in the last Ontario election, she drove legions of hardcore NDP voters away.
The NDP's identity crisis hasn't been fun to watch. For decades they've tried desperately to show they aren't the radical revolutionaries Doug Ford has waking nightmares about, and to do it they've turned themselves inside out.
The object was to show they were serious about winning by shifting to the right. None of it worked because deep down they never were radical revolutionaries or right-wing zealots. They're mildly socialist the way Bernie Sanders is: public health care, public hydro, public transit. This isn't Maoism. They aren't Mexican peasants suppressing shouts of Viva Zapata. But at Sunday's debate Andrea Horwath moved back to her left. It seemed to lift a burden off her.
Article Continued Below
I don't particularly agree, based on my own experience, but it's a legitimate position and she seemed comfortable there. Back on familiar ground. More relaxed and less rigid. Think of it as party platform therapy. Aside from making them more competitive, it's a relief not watching them cope with their anxiety over their identity. Denying who you are makes everyone around you tense because you have to beat your true self into submission and hold it down. People who accept themselves are way more pleasant to be around, and to vote for. Rick Salutin is a Rick Salutin is a freelance writer and columnist for the Star about all things current affairs and politics. He is based in Toronto. Reach him on email: ricksalutin@ca.inter.net
Read more about:
WHEN IT COMES TO EXPERT ADVICE, COME TO US. NEW NEWSLETTER ADVICE SIGN UP
MONTREAL—Former NDP leader Thomas Mulcair will be joining the political science department at Université de Montréal later this year.
The university announced Friday the longtime federal and Quebec politician will be joining the department as a visiting professor starting this summer and will retire from politics at the end of the current parliamentary session.
In December, the party confirmed that Mulcair was expected to resign as MP for Outremont in the new year and leave politics after the spring session.
Mulcair, a former Quebec Liberal cabinet minister, won the Montreal riding in a 2007 byelection and has held the once-Liberal stronghold ever since.
He became NDP leader in 2012 following the sudden death of Jack Layton, who'd led the party to official Opposition status for the first time in its history.
(The Washington Post) -
Sunday, December 10, 2017 at 6:18 pm |
If you've dined at a steakhouse recently or grilled rib-eye for dinner, you may have noticed a curious trend: Steaks are getting thinner.
As U.S. beef cattle have ballooned in size, experts say, restaurants, grocery stores and meat processors have had to get creative in how they slice and dice them up. Increasingly, that means thinner steaks, as well as more scrap meat and “alternative” cuts designed to make the most of a bigger animal.
The cattle industry argues that it provides cheaper and more plentiful beef from fewer cattle. But there's emerging evidence that Americans dislike the changes to their steaks. And that could hurt the beef sector in the long-run.
“If you buy a steak, you have a picture in your mind of what it should look like,” said Josh Maples, an agricultural economist at Mississippi State who has studied the new cuts. “If you make that thinner, or you cut it in half, for many people, that ruins the eating experience.”
It's no secret that beef cattle are getting bigger. For decades, federal policymakers, academic researchers and industry scientists have striven to beef them up. What may be less obvious to many consumers is how those larger cattle lead to thinner steak cuts.
According to Department of Agriculture data, the weight of the average beef cow hovered around 1,000 pounds until the mid-'70s, when advances in genetics, nutrition and growth-promoting hormones began to produce larger animals. Since 1975, the weight of the average cow at slaughter has increased by roughly nine pounds each year, from 996 pounds in 1975 to a whopping 1,363 pounds in 2016. (“Cow” technically refers to adult females, only, but is used colloquially for cattle in general.)
As a result, experts say, U.S. ranchers now produce more beef at a lower cost than they did 40 years ago, even though herds have shrunk by 13 million.
But larger cattle also means larger muscles. For restaurants and grocery stores, that has proved a challenge.
“It's a lot more work for our meat-cutters, I'll tell you that,” said Travis Doster, the spokesman for Texas Roadhouse, a steakhouse chain with more than 400 locations.
The issue, Doster and others say, lies in the growing diameter of cows' muscles: things like the longissimus, from which rib-eyes, top loins, sirloins and chuck eye are cut.
In a forthcoming study in the journal Food Policy, Maples and two co-authors found that as cattle grew, the surface area of the average rib-eye grew roughly two square inches – or two postage stamps – between 1991 and 2016. Those larger muscles result in massive, expensive portions if they're cut to a traditional one- or 1½-inch thickness.
As a result, said Davey Griffin, a professor of animal science at Texas A&M, restaurants and grocery stores have changed how they cut and market steaks. The most common adjustment, especially among mass-market chains, is to simply slice traditional cuts thinner.
But over the past several years, there's also been a movement toward “alternate” cuts and cutting methods. At Texas Roadhouse, for instance, in-house butchers don't just slice a tenderloin into coins to make filets; they may also cut around the edges of those coins, and throw the scraps in kebabs or chili, Doster said.
Beef industry organizations, such as the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, have also promoted novel cuts that break the old mainstays down into smaller portions. Instead of a traditional rib-eye, which slices across two cow muscles, butchers are separating the muscles and selling them as rib-eye cap steaks and rib-eye filets, Griffin said.
Griffin, who runs a popular quarterly workshop about the basics of butchery, has found that chefs are generally receptive to the new cuts.
“But you still have a lot of consumers who say, ‘that's not a rib-eye, that's not a sirloin,'” Griffin said. “So, it doesn't work for everyone.”
For the food and cattle industries, that remains the big, unanswered question: whether consumers will adapt to the new and different steaks that larger cattle entail. Maples's recent study has bad news on that front: In a survey of more than 1,000 U.S. beefeaters, he found near-unanimous dislike for “the thinnest cuts of steak.” The jury is still out on the new cuts like rib-eye cap steaks and filets.
Griffin, the Texas A&M professor, predicts consumers will simply have to adjust. Cattle have been trending in this direction for years, he said, and all signs suggest that traditional steaks will continue to get larger.
But Matt Niswander, a Black Angus rancher in Tennessee, questions whether consumers are the ones who will ultimately need to adapt.
“My customers want a one-inch or 1½-inch rib-eye. That's all they know,” he said. “So, you as the rancher have to adjust to that.”
British music ID service Shazam is to be bought by Apple, in a deal reported to be worth £300m ($401m).
The purchase, revealed by TechCrunch, is likely to be formally announced today. The site's sources say that the value of the buyout is in the nine-figure range, with one believing the deal will be worth around £300 million.
Shazam was founded in 1999 and started as a phone call-based service in 2002, listening to 30 seconds of a track then sending the user its title and artist via text message. It is now able to identify print and audio adverts and TV programmes, offering links to related information and content. It also allows users to follow their favourite artists to see what they have been discovering via the app.
It has appeared on Apple's App Store (as well as its rivals) since 2008, and was integrated with Snapchat in December 2016. It is also available on Apple Mac, and on the wrists of Apple Watch owners
Shazam passed 1 billion downloads in September 2016, and as of this year, is now profitable, making £40.3m ($54m) during its 2016 financial year. ®
DUBAI, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Iran is holding talks with European planemaker Airbus to buy 48 helicopters for civilian use, an Iranian official was on Saturday quoted as saying, as Iran continues its shopping spree of Western aircraft after the lifting of sanctions.
"The Health Ministry is planning to order 45 HEMS (Helicopter Emergency Medical Service) helicopters and the purchase is being negotiated by the Ministry of Roads and Urban Development," Iran's Financial Tribune daily quoted Deputy Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan as saying.
"Ports and Maritime Organization is also planning to hold a tender to purchase three search-and-rescue helicopters," he added.
Airbus Helicopters, the world's largest commercial helicopter maker, was not immediately available for comment.
Iran has ordered more than 200 planes since international sanctions against the country were lifted last year in return for curbs on the country's nuclear activities.
Flag-carrier IranAir has ordered 100 planes from Airbus, 80 from U.S. rival Boeing (BA.N) and 20 ATR turboprops, but implementing the deals has been hampered by uncertainty over financing.
On Thursday, U.S. President Donald Trump said he did not believe that Iran was living up to the spirit of the 2015 deal to curtail its nuclear weapons programme. But it was not immediately clear whether Washington may take measures that could affect Tehran's plane purchases.
In June, Airbus said two other Iranian airlines had committed to buying 73 planes in a last-minute flurry of deals for the aircraft manufacturer at the Paris Airshow.
Fakhrieh-Kashan said Iran was holding negotiations to merge the helicopter order into the IranAir-Airbus contract signed in December, Financial Tribune reported.
A A A
Greece hoping to finally secure long-term debt relief deal
Dutch Finance Minister and head of the eurogroup, Jeroen Dijsselbloem arrives for a meeting at the office of the European Stability Mechanism in Luxembourg on Thursday, June 15, 2017. Eurogroup finance ministers meet later on Thursday to review the bailout program for Greece. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert) Dutch Finance Minister and head of the eurogroup, Jeroen Dijsselbloem arrives for a meeting at the office of the European Stability Mechanism in Luxembourg on Thursday, June 15, 2017. Eurogroup finance ministers meet later on Thursday to review the bailout program for Greece. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert) More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — Greece is hoping to secure more bailout funds to meet a summer debt repayment hump as well as a debt relief deal at a meeting of finance ministers from the 19-country eurozone.
The country, which has been promised help on its mountain of debt once its bailout ends next year, is again the main topic of discussion at a meeting of the so-called eurogroup Thursday.
The main obstacle to an agreement is a difference of opinion between the eurozone and the International Monetary Fund over Greece's long-term debt outlook.
The expectation is Greece will get the roughly 7 billion euros ($7.8 billion) due, but will struggle to clinch the outlines of a debt relief deal that Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras thinks is crucial for the country's economy in the long-term.
YELLOWKNIFE (June 14, 2017) – Glen Abernethy, Minister of Health and Social Services, announced that an interim location has been identified for the Sobering Centre program in Yellowknife. A collaborative effort by the Northwest Territories Health and Social Services Authority (NTHSSA), the City of Yellowknife and the Department of Health and Social Services has resulted in an agreement to host the program in the Yellowknife Community Arena until September 13, 2017.
The program will be launched on July 17, 2017.
The NTHSSA has reached an agreement with the NWT Disabilities Council to operate the Sobering Centre program, utilizing clinical support from within the NTHSSA.
City staff will continue to maintain and operate the building, on a cost-recovery basis (note that facility and operating costs are included in the HSS Sobering Centre budget).
The City of Yellowknife has reached an agreement with the Yellowknife Women's Centre to deliver the Street Outreach Service portion of the program for which the RCMP are providing an unmarked van.
Quotes
“Our government is committed to encouraging healthy lifestyles and strong families. As part of this effort, we are addressing gaps in integrated community-based services for NWT residents. The Sobering Centre program will be an essential part of combatting addictions in Yellowknife. Meanwhile, we will continue to search for a permanent location for the program.”
-Glen Abernethy, Minister of Health and Social Services
“The City of Yellowknife is pleased to see such a collaborative effort in addressing an important issue in our community. The Community Arena is available, and centrally located. We are grateful for the partnership with the RCMP for the Street Outreach Service, which is a key component of the success of the Sobering Centre. There are many parts to a community solution and today we've taken the right steps, together.”
-Mark Heyck, Mayor of Yellowknife
“The NWTDC will continue to work, in collaboration with all partners, to provide supports to adults experiencing the complex and often disabling issues associated with homelessness.”
-Terry Hawkins, Board Chair NWT Disabilities Council
"The RCMP is pleased to be part of such a great effort in the Street Outreach Service. This service was one of the recommendations put forward by the Mayor's Yellowknife Homelessness Road Map Action Plan, of which the RCMP participated. We support our partner agencies in achieving the establishment of this program, and are happy to have contributed in a collaborative manner."
-Inspector Matt Peggs, Yellowknife RCMP Detachment Commander
Quick Facts
The Northwest Territories Health and Social Services Authority – Yellowknife Region Is working to design a program for a sobering centre in Yellowknife.
The City of Yellowknife has been working in collaboration with the RCMP to establish the Street Outreach Service, which will work in collaboration with the sobering centre.
This program recognizes the importance of providing a range of supports for individuals who may be homeless and/or dealing with chronic mental health and addictions issues, and who need a place to go during the day as an alternative to spending their time on the street.
The program will operate 12 hours per day, seven days a week. The final operating schedule will be determined in consultation with the Safe Ride program operators and other partners.
Final costs will not be known until program design is done and a longer-term location secured, but the budget for staff and program operations is approximately $900,000.
Although the facility will be available later in June, our contractor requires time to recruit staff and finalize program delivery details.
Media Contacts
Damien Healy
Manager of Communications
Department of Health and Social Services
Government of the Northwest Territories
1-867-767-9090 ext. 49034
Damien_Healy@gov.nt.ca
Nalini Naidoo
Director, Communications & Economic Development
City of Yellowknife
communications@yellowknife.ca
867-920-5660
Marie York-Condon C/M
Sr. Communications Strategist/
Media Relations
G Division Northwest Territories RCMP
Yellowknife, NT
Work: 867-765-3709
Cell: 867-445-5188
Iran's Fazel Atrachali becomes first-ever PKL player to enter 1 crore club
Mumbai, May 30 (PTI) Iran's Fazel Atrachali today became the first player in the history of Pro Kabaddi League to enter the 1 crore club after he was fetched by U Mumba, in the auctions here.
Intense bidding went for the defender, whose base prize was set at Rs 20 lakhs, but in the end U Mumba came out winners.
Fazel's Iranian counterpart Abozar went to Telugu Titans for Rs 76 lakhs, while Jang Kun Lee returned to Bengal Warriors, who exercised their Final Bid Match card to retain him for Rs 33 lakhs.
The auction for Indian players will take place later tonight.
On the big purchase, U Mumba team owner, Ronnie Screwvala said, We wanted to be strong in defence. We had an extremely strong defence in season 1 and season 2 and that was part of the reason why we bargained for Fazal so fiercely. Fazal is someone who has played with us and we are quite happy to have him back.
We wanted to be sure that we got who we wanted rather than going right till the end and then have to hastily pick a player. You need a minimum of two international players, instead we picked three. We are happy to have the ex-Iranian coach Golan Raza as our coach and his insight helps us to pick international talents right in the beginning.
Fazel's said that he was very happy to be back to his second home U Mumba.
I have immense respect for the U Mumba team because it is where it all began for me. The fact that I beat the record for the highest bid in Pro Kabaddi is truly an incredible feeling, he said
Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce has officially renounced his New Zealand citizenship. (AAP)
Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce has received the paperwork confirming he has renounced his New Zealand citizenship.
Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce is no longer a New Zealand citizen.
Mr Joyce has been referred to the High Court to check whether his NZ citizenship by descent at the time of the 2016 election disqualifies him from sitting in the Australian parliament.
He received the paperwork confirming his renunciation on Tuesday.
MORRISTOWN, N.J., Feb. 14, 2017 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — Today, volunteers from Newmark Associates are gathering to build and create items for the residents at the Mt. Kemble Home. Guided by Caring Capital, the team will roll up their sleeves to construct and mount bookcases in the Home's new library and craft a TV console system for the new Community Room. Volunteers from Newmark will also create wall hangings to brighten the entire residence. How fitting for a women-led commercial real estate firm to boost a women's residency!
“Volunteering is a fundamental part of our company,” says Susanne Newmark, Founder and President, Newmark Associates. “Giving back to communities and taking care of one another are core values of our entire team. What a powerful experience the act of volunteering can be for all involved!”
Last month marked the completion of a $1.5M renovation of The Mt. Kemble Home in Morristown. The project included everything from completely renovating the residential rooms and all common areas to replacing the roof and converting a small kitchenette into a commercial grade community kitchen.
“We couldn't do what we do without volunteers like Newmark, who make things so much easier for the women that live here,” said Tom Clark, Homeless Solutions, Director of Housing Development. “We are grateful for their willingness to take time out of their busy lives to make someone else's day a little brighter.”
Charitable giving and volunteering is an essential part of business today. According to Giving USA‘s 2016 report, 2015 was America's most generous year ever.
“Caring Capital was founded on the premise that team-building and corporate social responsibility can and should be one and the same,” said Susie Schub, Founder and President, Caring Capital. “Belonging to a team makes people feel they are part of something bigger than themselves. Individuals feel a sense of corporate camaraderie when they work together to achieve a specific goal.”
About Newmark Associates:
Certified as a woman-owned business by the Women's Business Enterprise National Council, Newmark Associates, Inc. is registered as a Supplier Diversity provider with corporate members. Their clients range from regional, entrepreneurial firms to Fortune 500 Companies.
Newmark's specialized brokerage services include lease and sales transactions for retail, land, industrial, office, healthcare and mixed-use properties; tenant and owner representation; lease renegotiation; and advisory and valuation services. Consistent quality customer service has led to strong, long-term client relationships resulting in a robust referral business based on high levels of client satisfaction.
For additional information, please visit http://newmarkrealestate.com/.
About The Mt. Kemble Home:
The Mt. Kemble Home in Morristown was founded in 1883 to provide affordable housing for elderly single women of very limited means, and it has been placed on national and state historic registers, in part due to its unique, purpose-built social mission. Effective May 1, 2013, The Mt. Kemble Home moved under the Homeless Solutions umbrella as one of the programs providing shelter, housing, and supportive services to low income people.
About Caring Capital:
Caring Capital customizes, develops, and delivers interactive team-building programs to clients throughout the United States and beyond. The organization advances corporate philanthropy through unparalleled, socially engaging team-building services. Through proven and unique philanthropic team-building services, employees engage, connect and create to provide meaningful contributions to the community.
For more information, please visit http://caringcap.com/.
News Source: Newmark Associates, Inc.
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/newmark-associates-makes-community-a-priority/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Australian shares are expected to open higher on Monday, following Friday's gains on Wall Street on better than expected jobs data, and supported by firm commodity prices. U.S. non-farm payrolls rose by 228,000 jobs last month amid broad gains in hiring as the distortions from the recent hurricanes faded, Labor Department data showed, topping expectations of a rise in jobs of 200,000. Australian share price index futures rose 0.4 percent, or 23 points, to 6024 - a 29.6-point premium to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark ended up 0.3 percent on Friday and gained about 0.1 percent on the week. New Zealand's S&P/NZX 50 index fell 0.2 percent to 8218.50 by 2107 GMT. (Reporting by Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Government authorities have been informed about the fake account and firm legal action will be taken against the concerned individuals in accordance with the law,” said the statement.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Illegal streaming is a constant thorn in the side of copyright bosses who often see their exclusive content made available for free.
While the Kodi service has often been the target of a series of crackdowns, it's not the only service that's in the crosshairs.
Bosses have apparently shifted their focus to a paid-for streaming service called SET TV.
This service charges $20 (£14) a month for access to 500 live telly channels and "thousands" of on demand shows, according to the Express .
However, some of the content available is exclusive Netflix content and Hollywood movies that haven't yet made it out of the cinemas.
(Image: Image Source)
As such, some of the most powerful studios and companies in the US are joining forces to bring about a lawsuit that includes the service.
Amazon, Netflix, Disney, Fox, Universal and Warner Bros are all seeking to stop the illegal access of their content with a lawsuit.
“Defendants promote the use of Setvnow for overwhelmingly, if not exclusively, infringing purposes, and that is how their customers use Setvnow,” the lawsuit declares.
How many people watch illegal content?
According to research commissioned by the Intellectual Property Office, some 7 million Britons are now guilty of online piracy – with 13% of those using a modified set-top box to stream copyrighted material.
“The Anthony Joshua fight is just one in numerous high profile sporting events each year, but don't let your eagerness tune in make you commit a crime," said Detective Inspector Nick Court from the City of London's Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit.
“By using illegal streaming sites you can open yourself up to several risks; some set-top boxes do not go through rigorous electrical testing and are therefore at risk of catching fire or giving electric shocks. By using legitimate providers these risks can easily be avoided. Watch it live, watch it legally.”
Yes, Roseanne Barr is back on and, yes, she's tweeting about the racist comment she made toward former Obama administration adviser Valerie Jarrett that got her “Roseanne” reboot series canceled and dropped by her talent agency.
Around noon on Wednesday, Barr took to to defend her image, insisting she has never been racist, nor will she ever be. Barr said “one stupid joke” would not take away a “lifetime” of fighting for civil rights against networks and studios at the expense of her nervous system, her family and her wealth.
I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be. One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Despite saying she would be leaving Twitter after garnering backlash for the comment, Barr has been active on her account since late Tuesday, blaming her racist tweet on the sleep aid Ambien and retweeting numerous supportive posts, including one by President Donald Trump which castigated Walt Disney Company CEO Bob Iger for not apologizing for unspecified derogatory comments made on ABC.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
All of this comes after Barr apologized to Jarrett on Twitter and urged her fans not to defend her. Despite this, Barr has become increasingly defensive on her account throughout the day, including a recent tweet telling those same fans they made her “feel like fighting back.”
you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Late-night host Jimmy Kimmel weighed in on Twitter as well, urging users to show Barr compassion, adding that “attacking a woman who is obviously not well does no good for anyone.”
LEES CREEK — When Wyatt Floyd made history Friday night, he completed the lone drama left in the Astros game against Blanchester.
Floyd's three with 1:43 remaining in the first half made him the all-time leading scorer in East Clinton boys basketball history, surpassing the great Mark Woodruff.
“It's crazy, really,” Floyd said. “I've always heard Mark was a great player. I don't even know. It's wild.”
It was part of a first-half masterpiece by the Astros as East Clinton pummelled Blanchester 72-39.
“It's a dream come true,” Floyd said. “Being in front of this crowd. It was awesome.”
The game was halted after the record-breaking three. Floyd's family joined him on the floor. Woodruff himself presented Floyd with the game ball.
In a fitting end to Floyd's first half, the senior guard tossed in a 50-footer as the halftime buzzer sounded. It capped a 49-point first half for the Astros (9-7 overall, 6-4 SBC).
“Think about how many shots he's taken since he was a little kid,” EC head coach Tony Berlin said. “It's every kid's dream … to hit a half-court shot at the buzzer, to hit a three to break the all-time record.
“What a great kid he is. He's going to do well no matter what he does.”
East Clinton made 10 of 14 shots in the first quarter and 18 of 33 in the half.
BHS head coach Adam Weber added his congratulations on Floyd's record.
“This accomplishment is very well deserved,” Weber said. “To pass a player of Mark Woodruff's caliber speaks for itself.”
Meanwhile, Friday's game couldn't have gone worse for the Wildcats (6-10, 4-6). Blanchester made just 2 of 17 from the floor in the first quarter and just 7 of 30 in the first half.
The night was all about Floyd. He finished with 27 points and four assists.
“This was our best overall game we've played,” Floyd said. “We've had spurts where we show we can, but we really put four quarters together.
JT McCarren added 17 points, six rebounds, five assists and four steals.
“Blanchester's a very good team,” Berlin said. “They've got talent and they're well-coached. For us to put a whipping on them like that, that gives my kids a lot of confidence.”
Brayden Sipple led Blanchester with 11 points and six rebounds.
This may not be the last milestone this season for Floyd. He is 61 points away from tying Robbin Luck for first on the all-time scoring list in East Clinton basketball history.
SUMMARY
Feb. 2, 2018
@East Clinton High School
East Clinton 72, Blanchester 39
BL 05.12.14.08…..39
EC 24.25.14.09…..72
(39) BLANCHESTER (fg-3fg-ft-tp) Ian Heeg 0-0-4-4, Eric Patton 0-0-2-2, Nevan Coyle 1-1-2-5, Brant Bandow 1-0-0-2, Brayden Sipple 4-1-2-11, Lane Heeg 3-0-1-7, Cole Feirl 1-0-0-2, Jordan Stroud 3-0-0-6. TOTALS 13-2-11-39.
(72) EAST CLINTON (fg-3fg-ft-tp) Brendan Jenkins 1-0-0-2, Branson Smith 3-2-0-8, JT McCarren 5-1-6-17, Alex Pence 4-0-1-9, Dylan Michael 2-0-0-4, Wyatt Floyd 11-2-3-27, Matt Mitchell 1-1-0-3, Colten Vadnais 1-0-0-2. TOTALS 28-6-10-72.
FIELD GOALS: B 13/54 (Sipple 4/12, Stroud 3/9, L. Heeg 3/4); EC 28/56 (Floyd 11/18, McCarren 5/9, Pence 4/5, Smith 3/7)
3 POINT FIELD GOALS: B 2/13; EC 6/19 (Smith 2/6, Floyd 2/3)
FREE THROWS: B 11/14 (I. Heeg 4/4); EC 10/22 (McCarren 6/8)
REBOUNDS: B 37 (Stroud 6, Sipple 6, Griffin 4, Mitchell 4); EC 35 (McCarren 6, Smith 3, Floyd 3)
ASSISTS: B 4 (Stroud 2); EC 14 (McCarren 5, Floyd 4, Jenkins 3)
STEALS: B 5 (Stroud 2); EC 15 (McCarren 5, Floyd 4)
BLOCKED SHOTS: B 3 (I. Heeg 2); EC 3 (McCarren 2, Smith 1)
TURNOVERS: B 22; EC 11
http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_McCarren.jpg http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_Sipple.jpg http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_Floyd1.jpg http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_Floyd-huddle-1.jpg http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/02/web1_Floyd-w-Woodruff.jpg
By Matt Sexton WNJ Sports Writer
Matt Sexton covers high school sports for the News Journal. Follow him on Twitter @bymattsexton
Matt Sexton covers high school sports for the News Journal. Follow him on Twitter @bymattsexton
With expectations growing that we'll see a full-frame Nikon mirrorless camera in the not too distant future, NikonRumors.com has published the first set of specs it believes two new cameras will feature. Yes, you read that right: two new mirrorless cameras, not one.
NikonRumors reckons could see one model with a 45MP sensor (likely very similar in design to that found on the D850), while the other model will feature a 24-25MP chip, although it's not clear if this will be full-frame or APS-C.
The new models will also be similar in body size to Sony's full-frame Alpha A7 series cameras like the A7R III, but reports suggest they'll have better ergonomics and a better grip.
Other rumored specs include a 5-axis in-body stabilization system, 9fps burst shooting and an electronic viewfinder with a high-res 3.6-million-dot display.
New lens mount
We know there will be a new lens mount for Nikon's new mirrorless cameras, although it's not clear what the dimensions will be. At the moment Nikon's mirrorless mount is 55mm, which is a little larger than the rumored Z mount, which had an opening of 49mm.
NikonRumors says the new mirrorless mount will be compatible with ultra-fast f/0.95 lenses – this ties in with Nikon registering the NOCT trademark and f/0.9 lens patents back in June. Initially it's expected that three lenses will be launched alongside the new cameras: a 24-70mm, 35mm and 50mm (with the two prime lenses featuring a fast f/1.4 maximum aperture).
While you might think that SD cards would be the storage medium of choice, but it could be that Nikon decides to stick with XQD cards if the rumors are to be believed, while CF Express have also been muted.
NikonRumors understands that the official announcement is rumored for the end of July (on or around July 23), with shipping beginning shortly after (August 23). This would be quite a bit sooner than a lot of people had expected – it was widely thought that the announcement would come at the photography industry's biggest event, Photokina, in September.
Regarding pricing, this could be way off, but the 45MP model could cost around $4,000 (around £3,000/AU$7,100, though likely more) with the 24-70mm lens, while the 25MP model is likely to be under $3,000 (£2,300/AU$5,300, again, this could be higher), also with a lens.
Game developer and Syrian refugee Abdullah Karam was denied entry into the U.K. just days before the event in which his studio's game is to be featured as one of the shortlisted titles for the Indie Prize award.
“Path Out” is an autobiographical game based on Karam's experience escaping the Syrian civil war in 2014. Karam co-created the adventure game under the Austrian game studio Causa Creations. The title is available on Steam and Itch.Io, and the first episode is free.
Karam currently lives in Austria as a recognized refugee, a status which has allowed him to travel to the Schengen Member States but does not permit him entry into the U.K. The developer applied for an express visa in April in order to attend the Indie Prize Showcase during the Casual Connect Europe event in London, which runs May 29-31.
Karam paid additional fees to expedite the visa process in time for the event and completed all mandatory parts of the application process, including multiple interviews in Vienna and providing a written statement from his employer. Despite complying with the U.K.'s Home Office, Karam was denied a visa on May 23.
Related Tribeca TV Festival Expands Run, to Accept Indie Pilot Submissions David Alan Grier Joins Indie Drama 'Sprinter'
The rejection letter states that Karam submitted “insufficient translated evidence” of his finances despite his salary information being included in the employer's statement. The letter also falsely states that Karam is “single with two dependent children,” when in fact Karam has no children.
In addition to this false information, the rejection stated that Karam failed to “sufficiently [demonstrate his] personal circumstances and funds” and that they were not convinced that Karam “[intends] to leave the UK at the end of [his] visit.”
Karam responded to the rejection in an interview with GamesIndustry.biz, expressing his distress over the decision and reinforcing that he has no desire to leave Salzburg.
“A European will never have to go through this treatment, but for a refugee or citizen of a nation outside of the global power club it's a must,” Karam said. “We didn't choose to be born there, just like others who didn't get to choose their skin color.”
With the Home Office decision arriving less than a week before the event, a chance to provide supplemental documents was already an unlikely possibility. However, the Home Office would give no chance to Karam to appeal the decision regardless, as the letter also stated, “In relation to this decision there is no right of appeal or right to administrative review.”
“After handing in the necessary documents and more, I also got refused for not including a non-mandatory element,” Karam further stated. The “non-mandatory element” refers to a bank statement that the Home Office said could have helped Karam to avoid the rejection, although such a document was simply suggested and not required.
Georg Hobmeier, CEO of Causa Creations, told Variety that in this situation its game content has “somehow [seeped] into reality.”
“With bitter irony we have to notice that the Home Office has provided us with such a moment, when they passed their confusing and, in our opinion, misguided judgment on Abdullah's visa application,” Hobmeier said. “This is a perfect example for the wicked ways of immigration authorities in many Western countries and a strong reminder how important it is to make games like ‘Path Out.' ”
Variety reached out to the Public Enquiries division of the U.K.'s Home Office.
WITH a streamline appearance, Jordan Abdull looks like a new player for Hull FC.
In fact, in more ways than one, not just due to the fact he has shed some pounds, he actually is.
Back on the ball: Hull FC's Jordan Abdull.
Having spent a season-long loan with rivals Hull KR last year, operating at stand-off as they battled in the Championship, many thought Abdull's days at the Black and Whites were numbered.
However, if his performance in their opening game against Huddersfield Giants is anything to go by, coming off the bench with real impact at loose-forward, it seems that is far from the case.
Attacking the line with added zip in the 38-12 victory, making half-breaks and offloads, he looked razor sharp.
Head coach Lee Radford traditionally operates with an extra back-row at 13, like inspirational captain Gareth Ellis before his retirement and, on Thursday, the returning Dean Hadley.
But Abdull offers a new dimension with his ball-handling ability, too. Creating some smart links with halves Marc Sneyd and Albert Kelly, he proved a constant concern for Huddersfield.
Last year, he spent his 21st birthday playing for Hull KR against Bradford Bulls and contemplating trips to Rochdale Hornets and Swinton Lions.
However, 12 months on – he turns 22 on Monday – Abdull boarded last night's flight to Australia ready to face Wigan Warriors in a week's time at Wollongong and then St George-Illawarra in Sydney.
He admitted: “It's definitely not something I expected 12 months ago, having gone away from my parent club and to their biggest rivals. But I feel I really adapted well and earned my place to go to Australia. Physically I'm a lot better off now and Radders seems to be happy with the way I'm going.
“I'm half the shape of what I was 18 months ago but the year away was what I needed.
“It was the kick up the backside and the game-time was massive for me as well. (Hull KR coach) Tim Sheens did a lot of work with me and made me a more confident player. I've come back to Hull FC as more of a changed player. I've changed position as well, coming off the bench.
“It wasn't something I was doing at KR but I felt like I adapted well (against Giants). I was just happy to be in the 17.”
Keeping his spot will be a constant challenge given the depth of talent at Radford's disposal – “you have one bad game and you know you could be out for eight weeks” – but Abdull looks better placed than ever to shine.
In his early days at the KCOM Stadium, he had obvious talent but looked unfit at times and was too sporadic.
Now he is more of a threat in possession and he admitted: “Physically, I think the speed with which I can play with the ball now is a lot different to what I was doing two seasons ago.
“In my opinion, it gets a couple of defenders worried and that's why we seem to be getting some space on the edges.
“I think it's more down to physically being able to play at pace rather than having the bravery and confidence to do it.
“I enjoy it at loose-forward as well; I don't have to wait to get the ball. I can go in and – not do what I want – but I get a lot more touches than what I do at half-back when you may not get it for a few minutes or so.
“I try and get a touch per set and defensively maybe two three tackles per set so I feel lot more involved and I feel I can express myself more in the middle.”
He could soon face one of his biggest challenges – facing England captain Sean O'Loughlin, the esteemed Wigan No 13.
“Yes, and also at St George, there's James Graham, vice-captain of England,” added Abdull.
“It's definitely something I'm looking forward to. The focus is more just to get into the 17 next week and do the right things recovery-wise and buy into what (conditioner) Paul Hatton is telling us to do for the next 48 to 72 hours.
“It's going to be a really good experience over there and be good for the squad now that Rads is taking more people (26 players).
“If we go in with the right attitude, hopefully, we get both wins.
“But really it's good to showcase what English rugby league is all about and Hull as well, put us on the market to show English players have talent and potential just as much as NRL players.”
Patriots' Day in Boston is not only a huge day in sports, but huge across New England for representing what America stands for.
For Staff Sgt. Jose Luis Sanchez, what it means to serve and represent his country is something he knows all too well. According to NBC, Sanchez is a retired Marine who lost the lower part of his left leg by stepping on an IED in Afghanistan in 2011. However, the former military man would not be deterred because of his injury when it came time to run in the 2017 Boston Marathon.
Rather, he showed his pride and honor for his country on Patriots' Day on an entirely different level.
Ctsy: AP Images
Sgt. Sanchez wore a Semper Fi Fund shirt and ran on his prosthetic leg while carrying a large American flag for the entire 26.2-mile race, finishing in 5:46:13.
"I want to recognize veterans and everyone who thinks they can't do something," Sanchez told Runner's World. He completed the race as a charity member for the Semper Fi Fund, which supports wounded veterans, Runner's World reports.
The flag appears to have signatures and messages written on it to Sgt. Sanchez, one message clearly reading "dedicated to SGT SANCHEZ." According to Runner's World, the flag was sent to him by his patrol unit with inspirational messages written to him as he recovered in the hospital and is the reason he decided to run in the first place.
"I boxed it up for three or four years because I didn't want to acknowledge it," Sanchez told Runner's World. "One day, I opened it back up and read through the inspirational quotes they sent me, and I was motivated."
ESPN's Andy Katz even saw Sgt. Sanchez on Mile 18, writing on Twitter, "So inspiring."
Sgt. Sanchez ran last year's Boston Marathon and has previously run the Marine Corps Marathon in Washington, D.C.
The courageous and honorable men and women who serve our country deserve our utmost respect. Seeing Sgt. Sanchez's display of patriotism reminds you exactly why.
MULTAN: Senior Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) leader Saad Rafique on Saturday said that his party respects the judiciary as it has struggled for the restoration of the judiciary.
Addressing media here, the railways minister said Parliament, like the judiciary, also deserves respect, adding that any discord between institutions would harm the state.
The present political situation in the country is the result of those using judiciary as a platform to further their vested interests, Rafique said in an apparent reference to political rival Imran Khan.
Rafique's comments come after two senior leaders of PML-N were served with contempt of court notices, while Nehal Hashmi was disqualified from his Senate seat for hurling threats to the judiciary—all in this week.
He said they wanted an independent and free judiciary and verdicts of the judiciary, whether in favour or against should be accepted.
Without naming Imran , he said a person is responsible for taking the fight of the Parliament to Judiciary and he is responsible for the situation the country is faced with. He accused the PTI chief that he succeeded in creating divide. He said there is no damage to the PML-N but a divide in the institutions would not be good for the country.
Saad Rafiq said like respect to judiciary and armed forces, the parliament should also be respected. He said politicians have never been respected and their good work is never recognised but their mistakes are highlighted.
Orignally published by INP
NEW YORK — Roseanne Barr is partly blaming Ambien for the tweet that led to her show's cancellation, but the maker of the insomnia drug quickly retorted that "racism is not a known side-effect."
Hours after ABC axed her show for her offensive tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett — and quickly breaking a promise to stay off Twitter — the comedian was back on the social media platform.
She urged people not to defend her and said of her Jarrett tweet that she was "ambien tweeting" at 2 a.m.
That led to the response on Twitter by the drugmaker Sanofi.
Los Angeles Angels right-hander Shohei Ohtani, making his scheduled start Tuesday night after a blister limited his previous appearance to just two innings, was charged with four earned runs in 5⅓ innings against the Houston Astros.
Ohtani, who will not factor in the decision, gave up six hits and walked five, while striking out seven. He threw 98 pitches, 55 for strikes.
The Astros scored once in the second inning, as Marwin Gonzalez singled in Alex Bregman, and then cut the Angels' lead to 4-3 on Derek Fisher's two-run homer in the fifth. Ohtani was lifted with one out in the sixth after walking Yuli Gurriel.
Gurriel scored when Brian McCann hit a two-run homer off reliever Jose Alvarez.
Ohtani was coming off his worst start of the season, when a blister on his right middle finger plagued him against the Boston Red Sox. In that April 17 game, he gave up three earned runs on four hits and two walks in two innings, while striking out just one.
Ohtani tested the finger during a 37-pitch bullpen session on Sunday, after which he was cleared to start Tuesday's game.
Staff Reporter
Peshawar
Twenty four youngsters hailing from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa who went missing in Afghanistan have been found detained in Bagram and Pul-e-Charkhi jails.
They belong to Peshawar, Charsadda, Mardan, Swabi and adjoining districts.
The last contact made by the missing youth with their families was in September last year.
Reportedly, the missing persons went to the war-torn country in search of employment. 1,640 persons ‘missing', interior ministry tells NA
The international humanitarian organisation, Red Cross took notice of the incident and it will be taken up at the diplomatic level as well.
Families of the youngsters held a press conference at Peshawar Press Club on Monday and expressed dissatisfaction with the attempts made by authorities to rescue them.
Last year in October a Pakistani engineer working on the expansion project of the Jalalabad-Torkham highway, the road which connects Pakistan and Afghanistan, was kidnapped.
The engineer's son, Farhan Ahmad, told media that his father had joined a foreign company around 18 months ago. “He [Faiz] was abducted at the project's site,” he added.
Pope Francis thanked the athletes for their exhibition “which was a show of the will for peace, the two Koreas together.”
Taekwondo athlethes from South Korea perform for Pope Francis during his weekly general audience in St. Peter's Square, at the Vatican, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. (AP Photo/Gregorio Borgia)
South Korean taekwondo athletes have performed for Pope Francis, after a planned show of Korean unity at the Vatican fell apart when the North pulled out at the last minute.
Pope Francis didn't seem to notice or mind, thanking the athletes Wednesday for their exhibition “which was a show of the will for peace, the two Koreas together.”
South Korea's World Taekwondo organization, the Seoul-led international body, said last week that a demonstration team from the North withdrew from the performance over the U.S.-South Korean military drills.
The performance had been planned to ceremonially open the World Taekwondo's Grand Prix competition this week in Rome.
The South's team performed for thousands of people in St. Peter's Square and featured a young girl releasing a dove in a sign of peace.
Related: South Korea to remove propaganda loudspeakers at border
Related: North Korea demolishes nuke test site with series of blasts
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Nearly one in five people who have retired in the past 10 years are more stressed now than when they worked, research suggests.
Rather than later life being a golden opportunity to relax, 18% of those who have retired in the past decade say they are more stressed, the survey from Prudential found.
About one in seven (13%) say their health has suffered since giving up work.
Newly retired women were more likely to report feeling more stressed, at 23%, compared with 13% of men.
Missing former work colleagues was the biggest retirement let-down, with more than a third (35%) saying they miss the social interaction of work.
One in five (20%) feel they have lost some of their identity since their work ended.
But many pensioners also blamed financial reasons for retirement being less serene than it could be.
Nearly three in 10 (29%) miss having their pay packet in their wallet, while one in eight (12%) complain their adult children still expect cash subsidies from the "bank of mum and dad".
A fifth (20%) said being a source of free childcare is a cause of stress.
But Prudential also found some evidence that the prospects for retirees are improving.
While the proportion of people having generous final salary pensions to retire on is decreasing, the likelihood of people retiring with only the state pension to fall back on is also declining - from 23% of those retiring in 2008 to 14% this year.
The landmark automatic enrolment scheme, which has been placing people into workplace pensions since 2012, is boosting the number of pension savers.
The research was carried out to mark the 10th year of Prudential's "Class of" annual surveys, which look at the experiences of newly retired people.
Only 13% of those surveyed say they are disappointed with how their retirement as a whole has turned out.
But nearly a quarter (24%) wish they had worked for longer and more than one in 10 (11%) say that with hindsight they would have found another job or been more active in the early years of retirement.
Vince Smith-Hughes, a retirement expert at Prudential, said: "Often when we think of retirement planning we concentrate exclusively on our finances, but what these findings show is that there are many other things involved in helping to make us happy in retirement.
"As we have found, giving up work can be a shock to the system even before people start to come to terms with the inevitable change in their financial circumstances.
"However, as we see people easing themselves away from the world of work through a period of 'pretirement' and more people saving from an earlier age as a result of automatic enrolment, we hope that the new retirees of the future will be better placed to cope with their changed circumstances."
More than 750 people across the UK who have retired in the past 10 years were surveyed.
The San Francisco Giants played according to the script of their front office on Monday night. Chris Stratton, who is quickly establishing himself as a reliable force in the rotation, threw well against the Nationals, and there was some power, this time from Mac Williamson, who clubbed a baseball to a spot right-handed hitter almost never reach in AT&T Park.
But if there are not a lot more good days for the Giants before the July 31 trade deadline -- if they drift out of contention in the National League West -- then the team should do everything it can to steer around the abyss that swallowed the Phillies in recent seasons. If the Giants struggle over the next couple of months, they should take October legend Madison Bumgarner into the trade market.
A rival evaluator chatted about the Giants earlier this month, about the accumulation of players who could be on the downslope of their respective careers. “They have to get restarted, and start turning the page, and they don't have a lot of ways to do that,” he said.
Two Thumbs Up! Brandon Belt's epic, record-breaking 21-pitch at-bat was a triumph of cinema. Sam Miller »
Nope. If the Giants turned into sellers, they wouldn't get much in return for Andrew McCutchen, not when McCutchen is just a few months from becoming a free agent. First baseman Brandon Belt just turned 30 the other day and is owed about $65 million through the 2021 season, and given how the market for first basemen has been saturated, he has no trade value. The Giants owe 32-year-old third baseman Evan Longoria $60 million; even if San Francisco thought about flipping him, he would almost certainly have no trade value.
Shortstop Brandon Crawford could bring some return in a trade, but he's owed about $55 million through 2021 and he's kind of a specialty item with a limited market, because of what other contenders already have at the position -- the Astros have Carlos Correa; the Angels field Andrelton Simmons; the Yankees have Didi Gregorius; the Red Sox have Xander Bogaerts; the Cardinals just signed Paul DeJong to a long-term deal; the Mets have Amed Rosario; the Nationals have Trea Turner; the Dodgers have Corey Seager (not that the Dodgers and Giants would ever seriously consider a trade).
The assumption among other teams is that the Giants will never trade All-Star catcher Buster Posey, because he's a legacy player and his long-term deal that could reach through the end of his career. Johnny Cueto and Jeff Samardzija wouldn't garner much trade return because of what they are owed.
But Madison Bumgarner? The Paul Bunyan of the postseason? The guy who threw more than twice as many innings as any other pitcher in the October when the Giants last won the World Series?
The left-hander would become the most coveted trade target in baseball -- maybe one of the most sought-after summer market pieces in baseball history -- if the Giants ever auctioned him off, and he would probably glean at least two high-end prospects for an organization thin on minor-league talent. “Maybe two top-tier guys and two second-tier guys,” said an evaluator. “I mean, if any team traded for Bumgarner, it would be [a move] to win the World Series.”
Yes. Because winning in the postseason is what Bumgarner does. In 16 postseason appearances, he has a 2.11 ERA, with the Giants winning all but three of the games in which he has appeared.
Last summer, the industry interest in Justin Verlander was high, but the Tigers' ability to market him because of all of that was attached -- the right-hander's no-trade clause; the $56 million owed to him for 2019-2020; and his age, at 35.
Bumgarner turns 29 the day after the trade deadline, and before he suffered the freak pinky injury on a line drive at the end of spring training, the Giants' staffers felt he was throwing the ball as well or better than he ever has, with his velocity hitting 94 mph. He doesn't possess any no-trade rights, under the terms of the deal he signed when he was very young. Bumgarner is making $12 million this year, and the Giants hold a $12 million club option for 2019, making him an incredible value.
A reasonable argument could be made that the Giants should do all they can to sign Bumgarner to an extension later this summer, and then build an immediate future around him and Stratton, while rebuilding the farm system. Those two starters could serve as the vehicle that helps the Giants transition from the core of those 2010-2014 championship years.
But if San Francisco takes that path, the Giants could fall into the same trap the Phillies did, as the championship generation of Ryan Howard, Chase Utley and Jimmy Rollins faded with age. By waiting too long to turn over the roster, the Phillies doomed themselves to a competitive drought which has now lasted almost as long as the glory years. The Phillies have not had a winning season since 2011, and in the last three years, they've totaled 63, 71 and 67 wins. Philadelphia is back on track this year.
If the Giants trade Bumgarner this summer or next winter, they also will avoid the quandary and risk of paying a pitcher for the downslope of his career. Bumgarner might reasonably demand a seven-year, $245 million deal, given his track record and the deals for Clayton Kershaw, Zack Greinke and others. Occasionally, those megadeals for an age 30ish elite starter can work out (see the Nationals and Max Scherzer). But mostly, they don't work out, and if the Giants invest big dollars in a Bumgarner extension, they will have to assume that risk without taking advantage of his trade value. The Giants, one of the richest organizations in the game, could also aim to do what the Yankees did with Chapman: trade him for prospects, and then target him when he becomes a free agent.
The Giants of 2018 may turn out to be better than what they've shown early this season, and that would change the Bumgarner context. But if they don't play better, then the Giants would be well-served to think about their clubs of 2021 and 2022; those are teams that appear to need a whole lot of help, and the Giants can get that if they're willing to listen to offers to a pitcher who would be coveted by any contender.
In a case of mistaken identity, researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital have found that lymph nodes are not always responsible for cancer's deadly spread to other organs. These results buck many preconceived notions about lymph nodes' role in cancer development and suggest a new pattern for the progression of certain types of cancer.
Doctors recognize that patients whose cancer spreads (metastasizes) from the original tumor to the surrounding lymph nodes have a worse prognosis than patients whose lymph nodes are cancer-free. This observation has traditionally been explained by a progression model of primary tumor to nearby lymph nodes to other organs. However, no conclusive evidence for this model has existed so far.
In a new study, researchers from the Edwin L. Steele Laboratories for Tumor Biology in the Mass General Department of Radiation Oncology investigated the “family tree” of metastases in colorectal cancer. Contrary to the prevailing belief that the spread begins in the lymph nodes, they found that the cancer could spread to both the lymph nodes and the organs simultaneously. In their report in the July 7 issue of Science, the researchers describe finding that, for the majority of colorectal cancer patients in the study, organ metastases (also called distant metastases) originated directly from the primary tumor, independent of any lymph node metastases.
“We now suspect that lymph node metastases simply indicate the presence of an aggressive primary tumor, rather than being directly responsible for the formation of distant metastases,” says lead and corresponding author Kamila Naxerova, PhD, Research Fellow at the Steele Labs.
The researchers analyzed more than 200 tissue samples of primary tumors, lymph node metastases and distant metastases from 17 patients with colorectal cancer. Samples from 35 percent of these patients followed the traditional progression model. In these samples, both lymph node and distant metastases came from the same cell type in the primary tumor, indicating that the cancer had spread from the primary tumor to the lymph nodes and then to other organs.
However, in 65 percent of patients, researchers found that cell types in lymph node and distant metastases were different and matched different cell types within the primary tumor, indicating independent origins for these metastasis types.
Their results suggest that although cancer progression can follow the traditional model described above, there is also a second distinct pattern of metastatic spread.
“These findings fill an important gap in our knowledge of metastatic disease evolution and have the potential to guide improvements in the clinical management of lymph node metastases,” says Naxerova.
The research team is now following up with a larger cohort of patients to confirm whether survival differences exist between patients with a traditional progression pattern vs the second progression pattern.
Rakesh K. Jain, PhD, Director of the Steele Labs, was senior author of this paper.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 3 (APP):Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) Chief Imran Khan Tuesday said after winning the upcoming general election, his party would strengthen the national institutions and ensure good governance which would bring foreign investment in the country.
Provision of basic necessities to the masses would bring prosperity and welfare in the country, he said talking to a private news channel.
He claimed to form the government in Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa provinces. The popularity of PTI was increasing with every passing day while PML-N's graph was decreasing rapidly.
Imran Khan said PTI was only political party which is fully ready for the elections on its stipulated and scheduled time. He said his party will never make an alliance with Pakistan People's Party (PPP) and Pakistan Muslim League-N (PML-N) for making a government after winning the upcoming general election, it would prefer to sit in opposition benches rather forming alliance.
He said that country's loans soared to the level of 27000 billions from 6000 billions, which was negatively impacting the national economy.
If PTI form a government then he would appoint Asad Umar as Foreign Minister of the country, he said and added that we will complete China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
PTI chief said to getting rid of the loans the party would announce strategy before the elections. Overseas Pakistanis were great asset of the country, he added.
Corruption is now main issue of Pakistan but in the past, surveys had reported about unemployment and inflation in the country. PTI would wipe out the corruption to achieve development and uplift the country.
Lashing out at Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz, he alleged PML-N in its 10 years' rule in Punjab did nothing for the welfare of the masses as it had only focused on the construction of roads, motorways and bridges but PTI after coming into power would spend amount on human development.
PTI government would execute cleanliness water projects, overcome inflation and to provide jobs
to the youth.
To a query, he said KP police had not registered a single case on the basis of rivalry.
Accountability institution in KP was closed due to administrative issues, he said.
Commenting on Zulfi Bukhari, he said that Bukhari was his friend and cricket fan, who was holding British nationality and businessman and he did not make any call to Caretaker Interior Minister Azam Khan regarding Zulfi Bukhari.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 13 (APP): Pakistan and China on Sunday signed
different documents to enhance bilateral cooperation in the fields
of education and infrastructure development.
The documents were signed at the PM House in a ceremony during
the visit of Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang here.
The signing ceremony was witnessed by Prime Minister Shahid
Khaqan Abbasi and Chinese Vice Premier after both the leaders
held one-on-one meeting.
Both the countries signed the Letters of Exchange for FATA
Schools projects.
The documents were signed by Secretary Economic Affairs
Division Shahid Mehmood and Vice Minister and Deputy International
Trade Representative of China Yu Jianhua.
Both the countries signed a strategic cooperation agreement.
Chairman Gwadar Port Authority Dostain Khan Jamaldini, Chairman
COPHC Zhang Baozhong and Chairman Sino Truck Group Ma Chunji
signed the documents.
Friends and family view a bus outside the U.S. Detention and Deportation Center in Detroit, June 11, 2017. A mass immigration and deportation sweep and arrest of dozens of Chaldeans in southeastern Michigan by U.S. immigration officials prompted the protest outside the detention center. (Photo: Gus Burns / AP)
Chaldeans detained by immigration officials for deportation to Iraq should not be subject to double jeopardy — a second prosecution for the same offense — said a lawyer who has filed motions in Oakland County and federal courts to stop the removal of local residents from the United States.
Southfield criminal lawyer Clarence Dass, who is representing more than a dozen Iraqi Christians who were arrested this week, said all of the local residents who were detained in a sweep by immigration officials have committed crimes and paid their debt with prison time.
That's why he filed an emergency request in federal court to suspend any deportation proceedings.
In another legal strategy, Dass also filed a motion in Oakland County Circuit Court to reopen the criminal cases of many of those who face deportation.
Because the cases occurred so long ago, no transcripts or audio are unavailable and therefore an appeal cannot be filed, Dass said. So he is requesting new trials, which are the right of those where transcripts are unavailable in cases, and the withdrawal of pleas.
“Everyone has committed a crime, received a punishment, and now we are punishing them a second time (by deporting them for the crime),” said Dass. “We have something called double jeopardy in this country — you can't get punished for a crime a second time. Lots of these people have families now, businesses and children.”
Many of those who were arrested committed crimes more than 20 years ago, including felonies such as drug violations and financial offenses.
By deporting Chaldeans to Iraq, where they are a religious minority and face persecution in a war zone, “You are giving them a punishment that is worse they would have gotten for the crime,” Dass said.
Chaldean leaders and local attorneys are working to protect the 100 local Chaldeans who were arrested this week.
The mass arrests come in the wake of a U.S. agreement with Iraq to accept deportees without travel documents. Until this spring, Iraq had not taken deportees for seven years.
Federal immigration authorities have defended the arrests, saying all of those detained had been convicted of crimes and were subject to deportation.
“Each of these individuals received full and fair immigration proceedings, after which a federal immigration judge found them ineligible for any form of relief under U.S. law and ordered them removed,” Khaalid Walls, an Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesman, said in a statement Monday.
KKozlowski@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tmZsY2
In Big Mouth, all the terrible, gross thoughts that you probably had while going through puberty come to life — in the form of actual hormone monsters voiced by Nick Kroll and Maya Rudolph.
The Netflix animated series was created by Kroll, Andrew Goldberg, Mark Levin and Jennifer Flackett, and TechCrunch's Darrell Etherington and Anthony Ha review it in the latest episode of the Original Content podcast. We discuss how Big Mouth combines increasingly dirty jokes and random gags with genuine thoughtfulness about sex and adolescence.
Kroll provides the voice of Nick, a boy right on the edge of puberty, while his Oh Hello! costar John Mulaney plays his friend Andrew. The show also stars Jessi Klein as their friend Jessi (yes, the character names are very creative) and Jordan Peele as the ghost of Duke Ellington (just go with it).
Also covered: The latest streaming headlines, including new sci-fi adaptations from Amazon, new media players from Roku, a new video startup from Jeffrey Katzenberg, Netflix's latest price increase and the launch of the DisneyNow app.
Plus, Darrell does his best to hear Anthony's thoughts on the latest Blade Runner movie without getting spoiled.
You can listen to the episode in the player above, subscribe using Apple Podcasts or find us in your podcast player of choice. Be sure to leave a review and let us know what you think. You can also send feedback directly to us.
Featured Image: Netflix
Feb 2 (Reuters) - SM Investments Corp:
* SM INVESTMENTS CORP - REFERS TO ARTICLE TITLED “SM BACKS OUT OF GOLDILOCKS ACQUISITION, ANTI-TRUST BODY SAYS” IN ABS-CBNNEWS.COM ON FEB 1‍​
* SM INVESTMENTS CORP -REGARDING PROPOSED ACQUISITION BY SM RETAIL OF GOLDILOCKS, BOTH SM & GOLDILOCKS JOINTLY AGREED NOT TO PURSUE TRANSACTION‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Staff Reporter
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif has said the best quality stents were being provided to the cardiac patients across the province.
No compromise would be made over the quality of stents for the patients suffering from cardiac diseases, he added.
Addressing a meeting through video link, here, the Chief Minister said that provision of the best treatment facilities to every patient was the responsibility of the Punjab government and this task was being done by the government amicably. “It is our commitment to make Punjab an exemplary province with regard to provision of healthcare facilities and every possible step is being taken in the larger interest of patients and the people,” he said and added that there was no ambiguity in the policy of providing the best treatment facilities to the people.
Shahbaz said that cardiac devices and stents recommended by technical and procurement committee of the Health department were procured for all the provincial hospitals at equal price and quality through central rate contract. He said that stent should be provided keeping in view health conditions and interest of the patient. “We have ensured implementation of the policy aimed at providing the best medicines, cardiac devices and stent to the patients in public sector hospitals,” he added.
The Chief Minister said that a registry mechanism was being devised in collaboration with Punjab Information Technology Board for stents under trace and track system in Punjab and all the relevant information would be made available including design of stent, purchase, usage and other relevant data, adding that through this trace and track system, the usage record of stents would be maintained.
He directed that trace and track system should be made functional in four weeks and further said that provision of quality stents at equal price be ensured in model pharmacy of Institute of Cardiology. There should be no difference in quality and price of stents in all the model pharmacies, he added.
Secretary Health Najam Shah gave a detailed briefing about the quality of stent, types, rates and other issues of stents for the cardiac patients.
Minister Health Kh Salman Rafique, Chief Secretary, Secretary P&D, heads of institutes of cardiologies and other officials attended the meeting.
The following planning applications have been submitted to Northumberland County Council.
Ellington and Linton: Mr Colin Noble, Aldersyde, 13 Lynemouth Road, Ellington, rear extension, loft conversion and erection of replacement detached garage to rear.
Hebron: Mr M Clippingdale, Benridge Moor Farm, change of use of existing agricultural buildings to two dwelling houses; Mr McIver, land north of Fivehills, Fairmoor, new build four-bedroom dwelling.
Morpeth: Mr Barry Wilson (on behalf of the county council), Southgate Wood, tree preservation order application – fell three self-sown sycamore trees encroaching properties, fell a dead sycamore tree near path, fell a sycamore with basal cavity near path, fell seven self-sown ash trees encroaching properties, fell a wild cherry tree encroaching property and crown raise and selectively prune to 5m five beech trees, five ash trees and 12 western hemlock trees encroaching properties; Mr and Mrs Pickford, 65 Crawhall Crescent, Kirkhill, proposed single storey rear extension.
Ponteland: Mrs Clare Lamplugh, 69 Runnymede Road, Darras Hall, proposed brick entrance and sliding gates, porch, tarmac driveway and garden room; Mr Lee Porter, 3 Jackson Avenue, proposed kitchen extension; Mr William Douglass, Garden Cottage, Callerton Hall Drive, High Callerton, proposed detached garden room; Mr and Mrs Mark Smith, 3 Wood Fields, Eland Haugh, proposed bedroom over existing garage and single storey rear extension; Mr David Dalton, 71 Kirkley Drive, construction of two-storey rear extension.
Widdrington Station and Stobswood: Mr Chris Murphy, 12 Chibburn Court, Widdrington Station, single storey side extension.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tor Minerals International Inc:
* TOR MINERALS INTERNATIONAL, INC. TO DEREGISTER ITS COMMON STOCK
* SAYS BOARD APPROVED VOLUNTARY SUSPENSION OF ITS DUTY TO FILE REPORTS WITH SEC &VOLUNTARY DEREGISTRATION OF ITS COMMON STOCK
* SAYS ‍BOARD CONCLUDED COSTS RELATED TO OPERATING AS REPORTING CO, AND ATTENDANT DEMANDS ON MANAGEMENT, ARE NOT JUSTIFIED BY LIMITED BENEFITS​ ‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Seven volunteers with the Syrian civil defence rescue service were killed in a shooting by unidentified attackers in rebel-held Idlib province on Saturday, the civil defence said on its Twitter feed.
The attackers stole two vehicles and other equipment in the incident targeting a civil defence office in the town of Sarmin at dawn. Idlib province in northwestern Syria is controlled by Syrian rebels groups.
The civil defence, otherwise known as the "White Helmets", operates in rebel-held areas of Syria.
There are plenty of options available if you're in the market for smart lighting solutions, and Yeelight is a brand that rose to prominence in recent years. Yeelight is a Chinese lighting brand that counts Xiaomi as one of its main investors, and its products are sold as part of the Mi Ecosystem label in China. Much like Xiaomi, Yeelight is notable for rolling out products that offer great value for money. Starting this year, Yeelight starting selling its more popular products directly on Amazon.com, making it easy for consumers in the U.S. to pick up its wares.
Yeelight LED bulb
The Yeelight LED bulb is an affordable alternative to the Hue ecosystem. Like Hue, the Yeelight smart LED bulb is available in both white and color options, and they're also rated as a 60W equivalent. The main difference is that unlike Hue, the Yeelight bulbs don't need a dedicated bridge to work, which lowers the barrier to entry. For instance, you can get started with the Yeelight LED bulb by just picking up one unit and seeing how it functions in your home environment, all for just $29. The bulb has a color temperature between 1700K to 6500K, and you can set up lighting effects, add a schedule, adjust the intensity of the lights, and more from the Yeelight app. Like all smart bulbs in the market today, the Yeelight LED bulb is compatible with both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant, and you'll be able to launch routines and set up schedules with your voice. There's also the option to configure actions via IFTTT. See at Amazon Yeelight LED Lightstrip
Like the LED bulb, Yeelight's light strip is similar in functionality to the Hue Lightstrip. The two-meter light strip has 3M adhesive at the back, and you can bend it or cut it to length as needed. It also connects over Wi-Fi to your home network, and is controllable with the Yeelight app. It also comes with a one-button control that lets you toggle the light strip on or off and switch between various colors. The light strip is currently sold out at Amazon, so you'll have to pick it up from GearBest for $29.99 See at GearBest Yeelight Ambient Light
The Ambient Light is the latest addition to Yeelight's catalog. It essentially mimics a candlelight — it has a fixed color temperature of 1800K. There's a control ring that lets you adjust the intensity of the light by rotating the glass housing clockwise or counterclockwise. The candela features Bluetooth mesh tech, so you can set up several lights and control the lighting options by changing the setting on one unit. There's even a flicker mode that recreates a similar effect you get with candlelights. There's a 2100mAh battery that provides up to six hours of continuous battery life, and the candela is portable enough that you can carry it with you. As the candela works over Bluetooth, you won't be able to control it with Alexa or Assistant, but the control ring on the glass housing comes in handy for toggling the light on or off. See at Amazon Yeelight Bedside Lamp
While you were barbecuing and catching up on sleep over the holiday weekend, Snoop Dogg was busy making history and breaking records — with none other than gin and juice by his side. Snoop took the stage at the BottleRock Napa Valley music festival with fellow West Coast rapper Warren G and Top Chef Season 6 winner Michael Voltaggio, with the help of kitchenware brand Williams Sonoma, to break the Guinness World Record for the largest paradise cocktail on Saturday.
Snoop Dogg, right, stirs the world's largest paradise cocktail after adding gin to it on a culinary stage at the BottleRock Napa Valley music festival in Napa, Calif. A Guinness World Records official was on hand to certify the record of the 550 litre cocktail. Looking on at left is Top Chef Michael Voltaggio. ( Eric Risberg / The Associated Press )
Sippin' on this gin and juice drink would probably take a small army to finish, with Guinness confirming the cocktail measured in at more than 132 gallons. The drink contained 180 bottles of gin, 154 bottles of apricot brandy and 38 jugs of orange juice, according to Guinness. And it just wouldn't be a paradise cocktail without a pink umbrella and a giant straw, which Snoop used to mix up the boozy beverage. As for Snoop, he celebrated on Instagram, posting a photo of him on stage with the drink and Voltaggio, simply captioning it: “Gin and juice world record.”
Article Continued Below
Gin and Juice catapulted the multi-hyphenate entertainer into fame back in 1994 as the second single off of his debut album Doggystyle. Even though Snoop released a gospel album in March, his latest achievement shows he's sticking to his roots.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Judy Reese logged 30 years at the Bell Telephone Co., but the former operator and service representative is spending her retirement answering a different call — a call for community service.
As of the new year, Ms. Reese assumes the roles of president and treasurer of the Scranton Telecom Pioneers, a nonprofit group of about 380 current and retired telephone company employees who have made it their mission to give back in whatever ways they can.
“Our theme is fellowship, loyalty and service,” Ms. Reese said. “Those are the three things we are dedicated to. Our motto: ‘Answering the call of those in need.' ”
Each year, the Pioneers solicit wish lists, collecting donations in an effort to grant the wishes of local charitable groups and institutions. This year, they donated two smart televisions for Wayne Memorial Hospital's waiting rooms, where they also regularly donate “ouch pillows” to patients in an effort to ease their discomfort.
Among a host of other service projects, the group makes hats for cancer patients, baby hats for newborns at Moses Taylor Hospital, and teddy bears for state and local police to give to traumatized children. They also donate lap robes to patients and residents of local hospitals and nursing facilities.
“It really makes me personally feel so good, especially if you go to (Gino J. Merli Veterans Center) and you're helping them with their bingo,” said Ms. Reese. “I just like to get out in the neighborhood with the community. We do have such good workers. It's very rewarding.”
Ms. Reese said Telecom Pioneers — founded 105 years ago in Boston — is one of the nation's largest corporate volunteer organizations. With about 620,000 current and retired members, volunteers annually log about 10 million volunteer hours. The Scranton chapter was established in 1942.
Sandy Evans also took a job at Bell Telephone right out of high school. While the industry has substantially changed in the time since, she described the community of former phone company employees as very “close knit,” which is conducive to their philanthropic work.
“We are really like a family,” said Ms. Evans, a former telephone engineer and current Pioneer. “Telephone people are like a family, and that's what (Pioneers) are based on, doing community service as a family group.”
The Scranton group meets at least once a month to plan or work on projects.
“We're not a big group, but we try to do a little in the community,” Ms. Evans said. “We're getting older, but we're still trying.”
Contact the writer:
jhorvath@timesshamrock.com
@jhorvathTT on Twitter
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi is scheduled to participate in the Extraordinary OIC Summit being held on Wednesday (December 13) in Istanbul to discuss the recognition by the United States of Al-Quds Al-Sharif as the Israeli capital, .
The summit will be preceded by the Council of Foreign Ministers Meeting which would be attended by Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif, said a Foreign Office statement.
The Extraordinary Summit has been called by the President of Turkey in his capacity as the Chair of the OIC Summit. Most OIC member states are expected to attend the event.
The summit would discuss the recent decision by the US Administration to shift the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. The OIC leaders would also explore ways to deal with the situation.
The prime minister would convey the sentiments of the people and Government of Pakistan of the unequivocal support to the people of Palestine.
He would stress upon the OIC for a united stance on the issue of Al-Quds Al-Sharif and call upon the US Administration to review its decision.
Georgia sophomore quarterback Jake Fromm suffered a small fracture in his non-throwing left hand earlier this week, but he won't miss any summer workouts, Georgia coach Kirby Smart told ESPN on Wednesday.
UGASports.com first reported Wednesday that Fromm suffered the injury in a freak boating accident Monday on Lake Burton in northeast Georgia.
Smart termed the injury as "insignificant" and said that Fromm already had resumed throwing.
As a true freshman last year, Fromm led Georgia to the SEC championship and an appearance in the College Football Playoff National Championship game, where the Bulldogs lost to Alabama.
Fromm finished with 2,615 passing yards, 24 touchdown passes and seven interceptions after taking the starting job away from Jacob Eason, who has since transferred to Washington.
The Bulldogs also are bringing in five-star quarterback Justin Fields, who was ranked by ESPN as the country's No. 1 prospect overall in the 2018 signing class.
Vermont Legislators Want To Reconsider Law For Attempted Crimes Vermont dropped some charges against Jack Sawyer after the state supreme court ruled his alleged school shooting plot wasn't an attempted crime. Now state legislators are looking to rewrite the law.
Capitalizing on its overnight success, fast-rising Beijing-based film investor, Er Dong Pictures plans an initial public offering in Hong Kong.
The company was established only in 2015, but has already backed nearly 50 films and television productions. These include China's box office champion “Operation Red Sea,” Hong Kong action thriller “Line Walker” starring Louis Koo and Nick Cheung, and crime thriller “Chasing the Dragon,” starring Donnie Yen and Andy Lau.
The company was making its first appearance at Hong Kong's FilMart and Monday unveiled an ambitious lineup of Chinese-language titles. Yang Fan, Er Dong's chief executive, said the company's ambition is to make Chinese movies for a global audience.
He did not disclose either a date for the anticipated IPO, not the amount of new capital it would seek to raise from the share sale. In addition to film investing, the company is now running more than 20 cinemas across China.
The company announced that it will be producing a remake of John Woo's 1989 action classic “The Killer” and the production of yet another TV adaptation of Louis Cha's martial arts novel “The Book and the Sword”, to be written by veteran TV scriptwriter Chan Sap-sam (“My Date With A Vampire” series).
Two film productions highlighted at the conference were “The Leaker,” a suspense thriller revolving around a mysterious contagious disease, directed by Herman Yau and starring Francis Ng, Chilam Cheung and Charmaine Sheh. The other is black comedy “A Home With A View,” also directed by Yau.
Pittsburgh Pirates third base coach Joey Cora (28) separates Pirates' Joe Musgrove (59) and Chicago Cubs second baseman Javier Baez, rear, as benches clear during the third inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Baez took exception to a slide into second by Musgrove, who was out on ball hit by Josh Harrison, who was safe at first on the play. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
Pittsburgh Pirates third base coach Joey Cora (28) separates Pirates' Joe Musgrove (59) and Chicago Cubs second baseman Javier Baez, rear, as benches clear during the third inning of a baseball game in Pittsburgh, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Baez took exception to a slide into second by Musgrove, who was out on ball hit by Josh Harrison, who was safe at first on the play. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
PITTSBURGH (AP) - Joe Musgrove's fine work on the mound was overshadowed by his aggressiveness on the bases.
Musgrove pitched seven strong innings and his hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals, leading the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 2-1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night.
Musgrove (2-0) helped end the Pirates' four-game losing streak by overcoming a shaky first inning to allow one run on seven hits and four walks. He also had five strikeouts, five days after pitching seven scoreless innings against the St. Louis Cardinals to win his Pirates debut.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
"I slid directly into the bag," Musgrove said. "Yeah, I popped up, but it was because I had nowhere else to go. Yeah, I could have hurt but I wasn't trying to do that. I was just trying to play good, aggressive baseball."
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Baez said after the game that he was not upset, and Chicago manager Joe Maddon used the word "frivolity" to describe the incident.
"I'm not saying it was a bad slide, but he just went hard, and I asked him 'What was that about?'" Baez said. "He said sorry. Conversation was over. You know, everybody came out because they have to, but sometimes players are just talking and that was the situation there and it was over."
Umpire crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
The Pirates were angered Monday when Anthony Rizzo's slide upended catcher Elias Diaz at home plate, successfully breaking up a potential double play in the eighth inning of Chicago's 7-0 win.
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder. He was acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an offseason trade for Gerrit Cole.
"I wasn't trying to get caught in proving anything because I was on a new team, but it does feel good to contribute right away," Musgrove said.
Musgrove outpitched Kyle Hendricks (4-4), who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one. The Cubs' three-game winning streak was snapped.
"Honestly, I thought I threw pretty good," Hendricks said. "It was more of a battle mentally today for some reason."
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of his career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson, who led off with a triple. Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in his last 21 at-bats.
Albert Almora Jr. led off the game with a double and scored on Baez's single as the Cubs took a quick 1-0 lead. However, Musgrove struck out Kyle Schwarber and Addison Russell to escape a bases-loaded jam and Chicago wound up stranding 11 runners.
Felipe Vazquez pitched a scoreless ninth, getting Kris Bryant to hit a game-ending groundout with two men on, for his 10th save in 13 opportunities. The left-hander blew each of his three previous chances.
Pittsburgh's Colin Moran and Chicago's Jason Heyward had three hits apiece.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cubs: RHP Yu Darvish was found to have inflammation in his right triceps but no structural damage after undergoing an MRI. Signed to a $126-million, six-year contract in February as a free agent, Darvish last pitched May 20. ... RHP Carl Edwards Jr. (right shoulder inflammation) was placed on the 10-day disabled list and RHP Cory Mazzoni was recalled from Triple-A Iowa. Edwards felt pain after pitching one scoreless inning in Tuesday night's win over the Pirates. Mazzoni got two outs in a scoreless inning.
Pirates: C Francisco Cervelli returned to the lineup after missing three games with flu-like symptoms and was 0 for 4. ... RHP Ivan Nova (sprained right ring finger) will miss his second straight start Sunday at St. Louis and either pitch a simulated game or make a minor league rehab start before being activated from the DL. ... LHP Enny Romero (left shoulder impingement) has started throwing off the slope of the mound at extended spring training in Bradenton, Florida.
UP NEXT
Cubs: LHP Jose Quintana (5-4, 4.78 ERA) will start against Mets RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48) in the opener of a four-game series at New York. Quintana has a 3.18 ERA in five road starts, compared to a 6.66 mark in five home starts.
Pirates: RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43) will face Cardinals RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15) in the first game of a four-game series at St. Louis. Since winning his first three starts this season, Williams is 2-3 with a 4.14 ERA in eight starts.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
TORONTO — Hamilton Tiger-Cats quarterback Jeremiah Masoli was named a CFL top performer of the month on Wednesday along with wide receiver D'Haquille (Duke) Williams and quarterback Mike Reilly of the Edmonton Eskimos.
Masoli leads the league with 1,045 passing yards and a completion percentage of 70.8. He threw four touchdown passes last month and orchestrated nine TD drives in all.
Reilly is second overall in passing yards with 1,020 and has a completion percentage of 69.8.
Williams made 14 catches and scored two touchdowns last month. He leads the league in receiving yards with 308 and in average yards per catch with 22.
NCAA Tournament Albany Regional ticket booklets go on sale
COLUMBIA, S.C. – South Carolina Athletics Ticket Office is currently selling tickets for the NCAA Women's Basketball Tournament Albany Regional. The Gamecocks advanced to the regional, which will play games on Sat., Mar. 24 (11:30 a.m. and 2 p.m.) and Mon., Mar. 26(7 p.m.) at Times Union Center in Albany, N.Y., after winning two games on their home court over the weekend.
Ticket booklets for the Albany Regional can be purchased through the South Carolina Athletics Ticket Office for $58 per seat, which includes tickets for both days of the event. If the Gamecocks do not advance to Monday's regional final, fans will have an opportunity to request a refund for that game's ticket price.
Fans can all the South Carolina Athletics Ticket Office at 1-800-4SC-FANS today to order tickets. An online purchase option will be available on Tuesday.
USC Athletics contributed to the writing of this article.
Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif who signed up as the face of Dubai fashion brand Splash last year, will be at a fashion show to showcase the label's latest collection on February 23 at Mall of the Emirates. Kaif, who joined superstar Salman Khan as ambassador, will walk the catwalk at the event, which is free to attend.
Shortstop Carlos Correa will not be in the Houston Astros' lineup Monday night against the Los Angeles Angels because of a bruised right hand.
Correa was hit by a pitch during the ninth inning Saturday night in Oakland and would not have played Sunday had that day's game not been rained out.
Carlos Correa is batting .234 in 47 at-bats for the Astros this season. He is not in the lineup versus the Angels on Monday because of a bruised right hand. Bob Levey/Getty Images
He had been expected to play Monday, but after taking pregame swings it was determined Correa was not ready to go.
Third baseman Alex Bregman will start at shortstop and Marwin Gonzalez will be at third.
Will You Stand for the National Anthem Sunday? Viewers React to the Governor's Super Bowl Proclamation
COLUMBIA, S.C. (WOLO)- NFL players taking a knee to protest social injustices moved to the forefront of political conversations after President Trump condemned them for the act. South Carolina governor Henry McMaster stands with the president.
Earlier this week, Governor McMaster issued a proclamation, encouraging everyone in the state to stand for the national anthem during Super Bowl LII.
Whether you plan to watch the game at home with your family or at a bar with your friends, the governor said he wants everyone standing for the anthem on Sunday.
“Standing for the national anthem transcends whatever the activity is, wherever the location is, around the world when that national anthem is played, people should stand,” McMaster.
Governor McMaster said he issued the “Stand for the Flag Super Bowl Sunday” proclamation with our state's military make up in mind, saying standing is the very least Americans should do when the anthem is played.
“It's very simple. Everybody living today in the world owes something to the freedom that the flag represents and what it has done,” said McMaster.
Some active duty military members said they appreciate the governor's gesture while other members of society say patriotism is a preference. What's your take? Vote on our Twitter poll below:
Will you stand for the anthem before Super Bow LII? @abc_columbia @GabAFranklin — Robert Dew (@RobABCColumbia) February 2, 2018
Top brass at SAP are finally walking with some swagger after recording the firm's first ever €1bn-plus revenue cloud quarter, so much so that they even felt compelled to fire some warning shots at rival Salesforce.
The German ERP biz didn't have it all its own way during calendar Q1: revenue was flat on the prior year period at $5.26bn, and even though SAP recorded the cloud milestone, it is still playing to catch up with rivals.
Software licences and support – the lion's share of SAP's revenues – were down 4 per cent year-on-year to €3.3bn, the second straight quarter SAP has filed shrinking sales. CFO Luka Mucic claimed on a conference call this was "still perfectly in line" with expectations.
As for the cloudy stats, subscription and support revenues jumped 18 per cent to €1.1bn. New cloud bookings grew 14 per cent year-on-year to €245m.
The boost will no doubt please the markets, which look to fresh cloud bookings as a measure of success, after analysts last year voiced concerns about a drop-off in the metric.
CEO Bill McDermott made it clear in the earnings call that his intention was to chase Salesforce in the CRM market.
"We're going to retake the lead position in CRM," he predicted, "There was a time when a market leader was dominating in CRM; it was said that they couldn't be disrupted. Let it be said again – we want CRM. We want CRM."
Are you SAP-py now?! ERP giant overhauls pricing model following indirect access drama READ MORE
McDermott said SAP wanted to "help legacy CRM go the way of legacy database", arguing rivals "don't have the ERP and have to come up with some methodology to connect all this complexity" in customers' systems.
"We're going to rebrand the whole CRM category," he trilled, claiming that customers would no longer be "relegated to outdated SaaS platforms", trying to get their data out of an ERP system.
To put those claims in context, rival Salesforce reported revenue of $2.85bn in its Q4 ended 31 January, up 21 per cent year-on-year. And all of this business was generated by cloud services and licences.
Mr McD pushed the idea that SAP will offer customers "seamless integration out of the box", a process that connects "the entire value chain" – messaging that will feature heavily at SAP's gabfest SAPPHIRE in June.
There was a 43 per cent year-on-year rise in uptake of ERP business suite S/4HANA to a total of 8,300 customers, with 400 additional ones brought on this this quarter – of which 40 per cent were net new.
However, McDermott was questioned about the size of the deals struck in the quarter – half were smaller than €1m and just 18 per cent were greater than €5m; that's compared with 40 per cent and 30 per cent in Q4 2017.
McDermott countered it was a "great sign" the business had managed to make a profit in a "volume-driven quarter", and said previously in ERP sales, vendors needed "big deals to conclude a quarter successfully". Apparently size didn't matter in SAP's Q1.
The company has also raised its outlook to reflect the fact it closed its acquisition of Callidus earlier this month.
Operating profits were up 52 per cent from €673m to €1bn, and net profit jumped by a third to €708m. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
The Oscars episode of FX's “Feud” may well be one of its best — depicting the behind-the-scenes shenanigans at the 1963 Academy Awards. Bette Davis (Susan Sarandon) was nominated for best actress for her work in “Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?” — but her co-star Joan Crawford (Jessica Lange) was famously snubbed. Crawford schemed to steal the spotlight from her longtime rival by offering to accept the award on the other nominees' behalf, including Geraldine Page and Anne Bancroft, who ultimately won.
“Feud's” Emmy haul of 18 nominations includes one for Jackie Hoffman, who is up for an award for best supporting actress in a limited series for her work as the unforgettable Mamacita, Joan Crawford's long-suffering, infinitely patient maid/sidekick — opposite castmate Judy Davis (who embodied Hedda Hopper), “Big Little Lies'” Laura Dern and Shailene Woodley, Regina King (“American Crime”), and Michelle Pfeiffer (“The Wizard of Lies”).
So when it comes to campaigning for the trophy, Hoffman has jokingly come up with a familiar strategy — borrowed straight from Crawford's playbook.
“After receiving my Emmy nomination last month, a lightbulb went off in my substance clogged head,” Hoffman tells Variety. “I thought about the tragedy and desperation of Joan's act. After all, this is a business of desperation. And of course Jessica played it perfectly. This act of ‘stop at nothing chutzpah' was a perfect opportunity to take something so tragic and turn it into comedy.”
Paying tribute to the inimitable Crawford, Hoffman created this video — calling the other nominees with a similar offer to accept their trophy. “Like they would even take my calls — all of the other women in my category are so successful and well-established. They have better things to do!” she jokes. “I'm sure their phones don't stop ringing with calls from their agents, offering project after project. I'd gladly accept their award on their behalf and grace that Emmy stage. Mamacita would be proud.”
In the video, Hoffman calls each actress — King, Woodley, Pfeiffer, Dern and Davis — in quick succession.
“If for some reason you're not able to accept the Emmy, I'd be happy to accept it for you,” she tells Woodley. “Unless of course you ‘Big Little' lose.”
As for Davis, she “re-introduces” herself to her. “You were so in character you couldn't notice but I was standing right next to you — for three months,” she reminds her.
Watch Hoffman's video below:
City Reporter
The Director General Karachi Development Authority (KDA), Syed Nasir Abbas has called upon Sindh Government to play its role in handing over charged parking to KDA on parks and buildings built on the KDA properties. He said this during surprise visits to KDA's charged parkings at Clifton and North Karachi areas, said a statement on Wednesday. He said that efforts are being made by KDA to extend better facilities to the people with regard to charged parkings. No parking fee is being received in the parking established in surroundings of Shaheed Benazir Bhutto Park, and anyone found receiving it, legal action will be taken, he warned. He also directed the officials concerned to prepare strategy to improve the arrangements of charged parking in the last 10 days of Ramazan. Director Admin Mehboob Alam, Director Charged Parking, Syed Ubaid Ahmed, Chief Security Officer Capt (r), Altaf Rajput and others were also present.
Frankfurt
Fewer people were out of work in Germany in May than at any time since the country's 1990 reunification, official data showed Wednesday, defying gathering fears for the eurozone economy. Just 5.2 percent of the workforce was unemployed this month, the federal labour agency (BA) said in seasonally-adjusted figures—a fall of 0.1 percentage points from April's level.
In unadjusted terms, which are less representative of underlying trends but more widely used in public debate, the jobless rate was 5.1 percent, or 2.3 million people. Unemployment has been falling for years in Europe's powerhouse economy, driven both by an insatiable appetite for its goods from abroad and healthy consumer demand at home.
Germany's economy expanded by 2.2 percent in 2017,.—AFP
“He is also suspected of playing a role in her murder,” Hussain said.
The two men were charged with the killing of Sana Cheema in the neighbourhood of Mangowal in the city of Gujrat in eastern Punjab province, police official Intisar Hussain said, adding that the police were still searching for the woman's brother.
ISLAMABAD—Pakistani police on Tuesday arrested the father and the uncle suspected in an “honour” killing of a 25-year-old Italian citizen, a woman of Pakistani origin who refused to marry the man they chose for her.
Nearly 1,000 women are killed every year in Pakistan in so-called “honour killings,” cases in which members of their families or relatives kill them for violating conservative norms on love, marriage and public behaviour.
The Italian Foreign Ministry said it was following the case through its embassy in Islamabad, which was gathering information from Pakistani authorities to define the circumstances of the case and offer any assistance that might be necessary.
Pakistani police say Cheema died on April 18 under mysterious circumstances. Her body is expected to be exhumed on Wednesday morning to determine the cause of death.
Cheema's case came to light after her friends shared posts on social media about her death, eventually prompting police to arrest her family members.
The death was reported earlier this week by a local Italian newspaper, Giornale di Brescia, amid conflicting reports that attributed her killing to refusing an arranged marriage or a sudden illness 10 days earlier.
Members of the Pakistani community in Brescia, Italy, rallied this weekend there, demanding the truth about her death.
Cheema graduated from high school in Brescia, receiving Italian citizenship last September. She opened an agency that handled paperwork for driver's licenses but it closed a while later. She returned to Pakistan in November, the news agency ANSA reported.
Hussain also said Cheema was twice taken to hospital by her family earlier this month, and that the police are trying to get details from the doctors about her hospital stays.
According to Italian media, she was in love with a man from Brescia who like her was a second-generation immigrant with Italian citizenship.
If confirmed, her case will be the second recently publicized honour killing in Punjab where the father and the ex-husband of a British-Pakistani woman, Samia Shahid, were charged in 2016 over her rape and murder.
The trial in Shahid's case is still underway but her father died last year, leaving only her ex-husband in the docks now.
MADRID — Marking a third year of partial recovery after a double-dip recession, piracy and high ticket prices devastated cinema-going in Spain, total box office for 2016 hit €600.8 million ($634.3 million), up 5% on 2015. At 100.3 million, cinema attendance in Spain broke the 100 million barriers for the first time since 2009.
Announced Monday by comScore, the 2016 box office results echo those of France: Spain's biggest hits of 2016 were consistently down in box office against 2015's top behemoths. But strength in depth again meant total box office for the year was up on 2015.
Other factors also look at work for Spain. Total gross take at Spanish theaters held consistently above €600 million ($632.4 million) from 2001's €616.4 million ($649.7 million) through 2012's €614.2 million ($647.4 million), per Spanish Ministry of Culture records. But in 2013, it fell off a cliff, plunging to just €522 million ($550.2 million) after Spain's government slapped a 21% tax on cinema tickets in September 2012.
Since then, Spain's exhibition sector has fought to attract Spaniards back to cinemas without surrendering totally on ticket prices. Two cut-price Fiestas del Cine, a campaign to get Spaniards back to the cinema, and slightly cheaper tickets, down from €6.07 to €6.01, help explain Spain's market renaissance, said David Rodriguez, at comScore Spain.
According to comScore, the single most popular day of cine attendance in Spain last year was Oct. 28, during one of its Fiestas de Cine.
2016 was also “another year with local product as a key driver,” Arturo Guillen, comScore VP, Europe, Middle East and Africa, tweeted Sunday.
For the fifth time in the last six years, a Spanish title, this time round Juan Antonio Bayona's “A Monster Calls,” proved Spain's No. 1 box office champ, earning €26.1 million ($27.5 million) at Spanish theaters over 2016. Earning €109.0 million ($114.9 million) on their home turf, Spanish movies took an 18.1% share. That share was 25% in 2014 and 19% in 2015, the two best results for local movies since 1977 as Spaniards begin to revise their historical antipathy for homegrown movies, which dates back to the 1940s post-Civil War.
Spain's 2016 results are “tremendously positive. confirming a trend which we first noted some three years ago,” said Guillen.
That said, Spain still has some way to go to full recovery. Only one Hollywood movie punched over €20 million ($21.1 million) at the box office last year: Universal's “The Secret Life of Pets.”
Such trawls for top Hollywood fare were a far more regular result second half last decade before the spread of broadband facilitated piracy in Spain.
TOP 10 BOX OFFICE HITS, SPAIN, 2016
1.”A Monster Calls,” Universal, €26.1 million ($27.5 million);
2.”The Secret Life of Pets,” Universal, €21.3 million ($22.5 million);
3.”Finding Dory,” Disney, €17.6 million ($18.6 million);
4.”The Jungle Book,” Disney, €16.8 million ($17.7 million);
5.”The Revenant,” Fox, €14.2 million ($15.0 million);
6.”Zootopia,” Disney, €13.4 million ($14.1 million);
7.”Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them,” Warner Bros., €13.1 million ($13.8 million);
8.”Palm Trees in the Snow,” Warner Bros., €12.2 million ($12.8 million);
9.”Rogue One: A Star Wars Story,” Disney, €11.4 million ($12.0 million);
10.”Suicide Squad,” Warner Bros., €11.3 million ($11.9 million)
Source: comScore, €1 = $1.05
Henry Ellenson had a solid showing in the Pistons' first preseason game, scoring 10 points in 20 minutes. (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr., Detroit News)
Detroit — As coach Stan Van Gundy works his way through the preseason, trying to iron out a playing rotation, one thing is clear — he's not going to just carbon copy what he did last season. With some roster changes and some improvements by young players, he's taking a look at turning the rotation on its head.
In Wednesday's preseason opener, Henry Ellenson was the first reserve off the bench and played well, scoring 10 points in 20 minutes. That was one of the bright spots that Van Gundy highlighted from the loss, seeing that Ellenson backed up his strong training camp with a good first game.
“Henry and I have talked about he's a good 3-point shooter, but let's not just become a 3-point shooter,” Van Gundy said. “We're putting three guys out there who are 21 and those guys did OK.”
2017-18 PISTONS SCHEDULE
Ellenson, along with Stanley Johnson and Luke Kennard, had good first outings, but they'll have to back it up with more good production before Van Gundy will grant them more quality playing time.
It's a boost for Ellenson, who played in only 19 games last season and struggled to find playing time because of a crowded frontcourt. After some work this summer, he's fine-tuned his game and is better prepared to handle the defensive responsibilities, but won't shift over to play backup center to share minutes with Boban Marjanovic.
Van Gundy said it's more a focus on streamlining things for Ellenson and keeping him in a position to succeed as he gains more confidence and gets comfortable with a more regular role at power forward before piling on additional responsibilities on both ends of the court. Jon Leuer will get that role, while they look to get Ellenson into a good groove.
More: Tom Wilson: Pistons will feel at home at LCA 'over time'
“Henry could play (center) but right now, he's playing at a high confidence level,” Van Gundy said. “We don't want to add confusion to him as a young guy. We try to limit him playing two spots.
“We could try playing him and Jon together and he could guard the center and that would be fine, but could still play the power forward and be confused.”
Moreland's minutes
With Andre Drummond (pink eye) out for Friday's matchup against the Atlanta Hawks, Leuer (6-foot-11) will slide into the starting role at center as Van Gundy looks to utilize Leuer's versatility. Marjanovic played in the FIBA EuroBasket tournament, so he's in good shape but Van Gundy doesn't want to burn through a lot of minutes with Marjanovic in the preseason.
The plan for Friday's game was to get a good look at third center Eric Moreland as well. He didn't play in the opener but with more minutes to spread around, there's an opportunity behind Marjanovic and Leuer.
It's a chance to get a good look at Moreland, who had an outstanding week at the Orlando Summer League and signed as the third center.
“He's here for a reason. Eric's a high-energy guy, he runs the floor really hard, picks-and-rolls hard,” Van Gundy said. “When he's at his best, he's relentless on the offensive glass, he can move his feet defensively and he can really pass the ball.”
Injury report
Besides Drummond, the Pistons also were without Reggie Jackson (sore groin), Reggie Bullock (knee) and Dwight Buycks (hip flexor). The Hawks were without Dennis Schroder, Kent Bazemore and Marco Belinelli.
It's the second straight preseason game that Jackson has missed because of the groin issue but they're erring on the side of caution with trying to bring him back.
“(Reggie's) not going to go. He probably could; (Head trainer Jon Ishop) just felt that being able to give him today and tomorrow is an off day for us — we'll get him back,” Van Gundy said. “He doesn't want to take a chance of exacerbating it.”
Drummond's absence appears to be short-lived, but the concern is that it could spread to other team members.
“Yesterday they started him on medicine but his eye swelled up more,” Van Gundy said. “What you're worried about there is not only him but the fact that it's contagious, so he can't really play with it. He wasn't here this morning because we don't want to take a chance with anybody else.
“You're not going to get pink eye sitting next to him but if you're out there banging around and sweating and the sweat makes it worse.”
The training staff expects Drummond to return for Sunday's practice, in preparation for Monday's game against the Indiana Pacers and Tuesday's matchup at Toronto.
rod.beard@detroitnews.com
Twitter: @detnewsRodBeard
(Yonhap)
Hanwha Group Chairman Kim Seung-youn asked each affiliate to focus on developing their core competency to lead future growth.“The advent of the fourth industrial revolution is a big challenge and opportunity for us,” Kim said Monday. “Based on the long-term trend, such as a decrease in the production population, we should beef up our future competency with new technology, new business and new markets.”The defense unit should aggressively expand in overseas markets while the chemical section should focus on securing high-value-added technologies beyond the conventional business products, according to Kim.For the financial sector, Kim pointed out the current business model is difficult to grow further amid an aging population and new international accounting standards. He encouraged seeking next-generation growth engines based on digitalization, such as financial technology and big data.As for the photovoltaic sector, Kim said the company should be equipped with an overwhelming technical advantage to solidify the leading position in the fiercely competitive global market.By Park Ga-young (gypark@heraldcorp.com)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration attacked Hezbollah's financial network on Friday by imposing sanctions on six people and seven entities in an effort to turn back Iran's influence in the Middle East and beyond.
“The administration is determined to expose and disrupt Hezbollah's networks, including those across the Middle East and West Africa, used to fund their illicit operations,” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in announcing the penalties under financial regulations targeting the Lebanon-based Hezbollah militant group.
The six sanctioned individuals included five Lebanese and one Iraqi, most of them linked to Al-Inmaa Engineering and Contracting, the Treasury Department said. The seven entities were firms based in Sierra Leone, Liberia, Lebanon and Ghana, the statement said.
Senior Trump administration officials said the sanctions were part of an aggressive move against Hezbollah to try to limit the influence of Iran, which gives the group about $700 million a year to help finance its activities.
The officials, briefing reporters at the White House on condition of anonymity, said the Trump administration was working to reverse what it considers a more lackadaisical approach toward Hezbollah by Democratic President Barack Obama after the 2015 Iran nuclear deal went into effect.
More such targeted sanctions are expected in the months ahead, they said.
The officials said Hezbollah was already under financial strain as it continued to pay for costly operations in Syria and Yemen. The goal was to get European allies to join the United States in increasing pressure on the group, they said.
As a result of the Treasury designations, all their assets subject to U.S. jurisdiction are blocked and Americans are prohibited from engaging in transactions with them.
The six individuals were targeted because they are linked to financier Adham Tabaja and his company, Al-Inmaa Engineering and Contracting. The officials described Tabaja as among the top five Hezbollah financiers at the moment.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): The government has appointed Air Marshal Farooq Habib as Vice Chief of the Air Staff (CAS), Pakistan Air Force (PAF), said a statement issue here by media directorate of PAF on Friday.
Air Marshal Farooq Habib was commissioned in the GD (P) Branch of Pakistan Air Force in June, 1982. During his illustrious career, he has commanded a Fighter Squadron, an Operational Air Base and served as Commandant, Air War College, Faisal. He has also commanded PAF's Super Mushshak contingent in Saudi Arabia.
His Staff appointments include Deputy Director Operations Branch and Assistant Chief of Air Staff (Safety), Deputy Chief of the Air Staff (Training) and Deputy Chief of the Air Staff (Personnel) at Air Headquarters. He is a qualified Flying Instructor and a Graduate of Combat Commanders' School, Air War College and National Defence University. He holds Master's Degrees in Strategic Studies and Defence & Strategic Studies. He is a recipient of Sitara-i-Imtiaz (Military) and Hilal-i-Imtiaz (Military).
Russell Westbrook and Paul George are beginning the process of building chemistry on the court as the new duo had their first workout as Oklahoma City Thunder teammates on Monday in Los Angeles, sources told ESPN.com.
At a gym on campus at UCLA, George and Westbrook went through drills and conditioning together, along with a few Thunder players, including Jerami Grant, Kyle Singler, Semaj Christon and Doug McDermott.
This was the second workout this summer organized by Westbrook, though George was unable to attend the first, as he was in Europe on a pre-planned vacation.
Paul George, left, and Russell Westbrook are now teammates on the Thunder. AP Photo/Doug McSchooler
Before becoming teammates with a blockbuster trade hours before free agency opened, George and Westbrook were said to be only casual acquaintances primarily as opponents and teammates for USA Basketball. After the trade, Westbrook and George spoke on the phone the night it happened, then spent time together in person for a few hours the day before George was officially introduced in Oklahoma City.
Most of the front office and coaching staff was in Los Angeles on Sunday, including general manager Sam Presti and coach Billy Donovan, for George's celebrity fishing tournament. Westbrook was also at the event showing support for his new teammate.
Junior lightweight world titleholder Jezreel Corrales showed on Saturday that his second-round knockout of Takashi Uchiyama to win the belt in April was no fluke.
Corrales retained the 130-pound title in his first defense, winning a split decision against Uchiyama in their rematch at the Ota-City General Gymnasium in Tokyo.
The bout was one of five world title fights on New Year's Eve in Japan, where the holiday is a traditional date for significant boxing matches. There were two other world titles fights in Japan on Friday.
Corrales (21-1, 8 KOs), a 25-year-old southpaw from Panama, may have knocked out Uchiyama, 37, in shocking fashion the first time around -- but he had much tougher time in the sequel. Corrales won 117-110 and 115-112 on two judges' scorecards, and the third judge scored the bout 114-113 for Uchiyama (24-2-1, 20 KOs), who scored a knockdown with a left hook late in the fifth round that did not appear to do any real damage.
Jezreel Corrales celebrates after winning a split decision against Takashi Uchiyama to retain his junior lightweight world title. Matt Roberts/Getty Images
Also on the Tokyo card, junior flyweight titleholder Ryoichi Taguchi (25-2-2, 11 KOs), of Japan, retained his world title for the fifth time when he and Carlos Canizales (16-0-1, 13 KOs) fought to a split draw.
One judge scored the fight 116-112 for Taguchi, one had the same score for Canizales and the third judge had it 114-114.
Canizales, fighting outside of Venezuela for the first time, spent much of the fight moving and trying to avoid contact with the more aggressive Taguchi.
Ioka retains flyweight title
At the Shimazu Arena in Kyoto, Japan's Kazuto Ioka (21-1, 13 KOs), who has won world titles in three weight divisions, retained his flyweight world title for the fourth time. He knocked out interim titleholder and mandatory challenger Stamp Kiatniwat (15-1, 6 KOs), of Thailand, in the seventh round.
Kiatniwat, 18, dropped Ioka, 27, with a right hand in the second round and swelled his right eye, but Ioka was in control for the remainder of the fight. He battered Kiatniwat in the sixth round and knocked him down twice in the seventh before referee Rafael Ramos waved it off -- at 2 minutes, 51 seconds -- following the second knockdown.
Also in Kyoto, Japan's Yukinori Oguni (19-1-1, 7 KOs) won a unanimous decision in a major upset of Jonathan Guzman (22-1, 22 KOs), of the Dominican Republic, to win a junior featherweight world title.
All three judges scored the bout 115-112 for Oguni, who knocked down Guzman with a left hand to the stomach midway through the third round.
Guzman was making the first defense of the vacant 122-pound crown he won on July 20 in Osaka, Japan, where he knocked out Shingo Wake in the 11th round.
Tanaka wins vacant junior flyweight belt
Japan's Kosei Tanaka (8-0, 5 KOs) knocked out fellow former strawweight world titleholder Moises Fuentes (24-3-1, 13 KOs), of Mexico, in the fifth round to win a vacant junior flyweight title on a card at Gifu Memorial Hall.
Tanaka dominated Fuentes from start to finish, finally dropping him under a hail of punches in the fifth round, prompting referee Raul Caiz Jr. to wave off the fight at 1 minute, 52 seconds. Tanaka was ahead 40-36 on all three scorecards at the time of the knockout. They were fighting for the 108-pound title recently vacated by the Philippines' Donnie Nietes, who decided to move up in weight.
By winning a second world title in as many divisions in just his eighth professional fight, Tanaka matched the Japanese record for fewest fights needed to win belts in two weight classes. He tied the record held by junior bantamweight titlist Naoya Inoue, who retained his belt on Friday.
The overall boxing record is seven fights, which belongs to reigning junior lightweight and former featherweight world titleholder Vasyl Lomachenko.
Highlighting the stories of Drake students and faculty
BY HALLIE O'NEILL
Jamie Rusan, first-year
First-year Jamie Rusan, a member of Drake's pre-pharmacy program, is a total family man. His close relationship with his mother was part of the inspiration for his career path.
“Around my sophomore year in high school, my mom got sick,” Rusan said. “She was diagnosed with TTP. It's this blood disorder where your blood clots too much. She was taking a lot of medicine, and it sort of interested me while I was taking care of her. Maybe this is something I want to do in the future.”
Along with his rigorous course schedule, Rusan is also a Crew scholar, holds a position on the Student Government Association, completes volunteer work and is a member of the Engaged Citizen Corps.
He does it all with his family in mind.
“The most important thing to me is trying to give my family a better life, since I'm at the disposition now where I can do that,” Rusan said. “Growing up, I felt so powerless. I couldn't help my mom, she was a single parent … I feel like being here at Drake is giving me the opportunity to make something of myself so I can support them and help them in the way that they deserve.”
On the rare occasion Rusan finds himself with some free time, he enjoys playing basketball and volleyball, spending time with his friends and listening to old school pop and R&B.
With five Drake years left to go, Rusan is anticipating his education with positivity—as he does with all other things in life.
“I want to be able to know that I did as much as I can to extract as much knowledge and as many opportunities that I can from Drake, so I can reach my best potential in being a pharmacist,” Rusan said.
Ren Culliney, sophomore
Ren Culliney, a sophomore studying writing and rhetoric, media and social change with a concentration in women's and gender studies, is currently working on their third draft of a novel. It's an urban fantasy that incorporates a mafia, tarot readings and swirling elements of conspiracy.
Culliney's dream is to be published, but it's not so easy.
“There's a queer relationship, and one of the protagonists is an older black woman, and my main protagonist is a Chinese trans guy,” Culliney said. “Publishers don't want to publish that, because they don't think that they're going to make any money off of that, which isn't true because there's a ton of young queer people out there that are like, thirsting for queer lit that isn't just about, ‘She came out, and now she's sad.' (Something) that isn't just tragedy.”
Culliney looks to writer Maggie Stiefvater for encouragement, whom they said possesses a beautiful command of language.
Culliney also enjoys knitting, and as a self-proclaimed sufferer of “project-start-itis,” they're currently working on socks, a scarf, a blanket and a pillow.
Culliney's main wish for their Drake career is to impact changes in inclusivity on campus—specifically, they said, in the wake of certain events that occurred post-election.
“There was a big shift in the (campus) climate, and we've seen a lot of instances of hurtful behavior since then,” they said. “I would like to see that not be happening when I graduate. I would like to see more inclusivity in actual, tangible policies.”
In five years, Culliney would like to live under the reign of President Michelle Obama and Vice President Elizabeth Warren. They'd also like to write for a living, using their words to affect change.
“(It's) really useful for people of marginalized identities to share their stories, and you see that a lot in creative nonfiction,” Culliney said. “I think that writing can definitely be activism in that kind of way—broadening other people's world views.”
Michael Meyer, junior
Junior Michael Meyer, an accounting and finance double major, was hesitant to be interviewed, claiming he's “not really a quirky type of guy.”
But here's a quirk: he eats, sleeps and breathes accounting.
This semester, Meyer works 25 hours a week at Clifton, Larson, Allyn, takes two Drake accounting classes among other coursework, is president of accounting club Beta Alpha Psi and tutors in the subject.
“I came here for actuarial science, and that didn't go so well,” Meyer said.
Luckily, he's found his niche. He wants to be a tax accountant, either for personal or corporate tax.
His tutoring gig, however, illuminates another one of his skills.
“I've always thought about teaching,” Meyer said. “I think it'd be a good back-up plan if I get sick of the corporate world.”
Meyer flexes his ability to lead in Beta Alpha Psi, which was revamped this academic year as a result of the business school's re-accreditation. This fall, he'll take the club to a national meeting in Washington, D.C.
“It's enjoyable, because I know most of [the members] since the accounting population is a little smaller than most majors,” Meyer said.
He's accustomed to thriving in close-knit circles. Meyer grew up in small-town Minnesota where he built strong friendships and fully immersed himself in sports. He still plays soccer and baseball through Drake intramurals, and he saves golf for the summertime.
His family is extremely important to him, and he attributes his values of hard work and honesty to them. His family, along with his small community back home, keeps him grounded.
“I like the diverseness that comes with a larger city, but I like that small community feeling,” Meyer said. “It builds stronger friendships. I'm still close with my friends back home.”
* Jan 2018 jet fuel margin reflects 40 pct spikes over Jan 2016
* Jet fuel margin on Jan. 26 tops $16/bbl, highest since 2015
* Tokyo, Seoul expecting another cold blast in week ahead
By Seng Li Peng and Jessica Jaganathan
SINGAPORE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Asian jet fuel margins are at their highest in more than two years as Japanese and South Koreans burn more kerosene to fend off the chill of another cold wave about to hit the region.
Japan and South Korea are unusual among fully industrialised countries, with relatively widespread use of kerosene as a heating fuel. Jet fuel and kerosene are closely related and belong to a grade of oil products called middle distillates, with jet fuel margins determining the profitability of both.
“The physical Asian jet fuel market remains supported in the wake of continuing cold weather in Japan as refiners maximize production of kerosene, used for heating in Japan, at the expense of jet fuel,” said Sukrit Vijayakar, director of consultancy Trifecta Energy, in a daily research note.
As a result, Asia's jet fuel margins or cracks rose above $16 per barrel of Dubai crude in late January, the highest seasonal value since 2015.
For all of January, the average crack value held around $15 a barrel, about a quarter more than in the same month a year ago and more than 40 percent higher than in January 2016.
In Japan, capital Tokyo has been hit by several cold snaps and even unusual snow falls this year, and more freezing weather is expected to arrive by next week, weather data in Thomson Reuters Eikon showed.
In South Korea, Seoul is also expected to see extreme cold weather next week, with temperatures possibly falling below minus 10 Celsius (14 Fahrenheit).
Temperatures are expected to turn towards a warmer seasonal norm by mid to late February.
This means two of the world's biggest cities are about to experience another cold wave. Beyond demand for kerosene, this has also pushed up Japan's and South Korea's imports of thermal coal and liquefied natural gas (LNG), which they also use as a heating fuel.
In the week ended Jan. 27, Japan's kerosene stocks plunged by 1.3 million barrels, or more than 10 percent, to a six-month low of 10.65 million barrels.
“Other than the Japan factor, we also have the Lunar New Year and that would likely result in more demand for air travel,” said a fuel trader in Singapore, declining to be named as he was not allowed to talk to media.
SANA'A — Yemen's Central Bank says the Saudi-led coalition is "strangling" the economy by preventing planes from flying in newly-minted cash, reflecting a struggling between the government and the United Arab Emirates, key members of the military alliance. voanews 5:49:00 PM CEST
“What are we? Humans? Or animals? Or savages?”
Fans of “Lord of the Flies” by William Golding will recognize that quote from the fictional account of a group of schoolboys who survive a plane crash on a deserted island, only to abandon their upbringings and values and become savages and murderers. A recent discovery of a communal grave in the Abrolhos Islands has resurrected a real-life “Lord of the Flies” story of the mayhem, murder and cannibalism that followed a shipwreck in 1629 off the coast of Western Australia.
The gruesome story of the Batavia sounds like a horror novel as well but Australians know it's real and the research and new revelations about it continue to this day. The Dutch ship Batavia under the command of Francisco Pelsaert set sail on October 27, 1628, well-armed to protect its cargo of gold and silver for trade in the Dutch East Indies. On June 4, 1629, the ship struck Morning Reef near Beacon Island off the Western Australian coast. Forty people drowned but the rest of the 322 on board, including many women and children, reached shore and were then divided between the islands of the Wallabi Group. Pelsaert saw there was no fresh water and little food so he took a small crew to get help.
While they were gone, crew members intent on stealing the gold and silver took control and terrorized the rest, killing at least 125 men, women, and children in a three month reign of murder. When Pelsaert returned, he tried and hanged a number of the mutineers, marooned some on an island and took the rest to Batavia where they were tried and hanged. Of the original 322, only 68 people made it to Batavia.
Remains of the passengers were first discovered on Beacon Island in 1960 and the exact location of the wreckage of the Batavia was found by divers in 1963. Parts of the ship and some remains on display at the Western Australian Museum. Researchers from the museum continue to search the island and piece together the history of the tragedy and the backgrounds of the passengers and crew.
That brings us to today. Perth Now reports that a three-year research project has culminated with the discovery of a communal grave containing the remains of 10 individuals. This adds a new twist to the story, says UWA Professor and research team leader Alistair Paterson.
“The communal burial discovered this month suggests careful and respectful burial, not the hurried work of hiding murder victims. These may be people who died in the days following the wreck but before the mutiny and mass killings were under way.”
The researchers have also been conducting isotopic analyses on these and other remains and have determined that many of them were not from Holland, despite being part of a Dutch East India Company trip. That is still a mystery, as is the haphazard way the rest of the bodies found since 1960 were buried in other gravesites, says Dr. Paterson.
“I think it's interesting that the burials over here were all facing the other direction. We are clearly in a graveyard, but they have all been buried in different ways. Totally ‘Lord of the Flies' stuff.”
Lack of supervision and greed … are conditions ripe for another ‘Lord of the Flies'?
BERLIN/PARIS (Reuters) - Germany and France have agreed on the central requirements for a new fighter jet to replace Eurofighter Typhoon and Rafale warplanes beginning in 2040, German military sources said.
Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft are seen on the apron at RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire, Britain, March 7, 2018. REUTERS/Phil Noble
This will kick-start a programme first launched in July last year and officials from the two countries will sign an outline document on the sidelines of the ILA Berlin Air Show, which will be opened on Wednesday by German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
As well as being capable of acting on its own, or commanding a squadron of other weapons, including drones, the plane will also need to have the ability to carry out offensive or defensive missions, the sources said on Tuesday.
It had not yet been decided if the new plane would be only manned or also have an unmanned option. The goal is to start operating them, with limited capabilities, in 2040.
The move to develop a new warplane is seen as a preliminary step towards overcoming differences that have left Europe struggling to maintain three competing fighter programmes - France's Rafale, the Eurofighter - representing Germany, Britain, Italy and Spain - and Sweden's Gripen.
Merkel and Emmanuel Macron first unveiled plans for the new programme shortly after the French President's election in May in a significant gesture designed to give fresh impetus to Franco-German relations in the aftermath of Britain's decision to leave the European Union. Most defence experts believe the UK will eventually be invited to join the programme.
The statement of political intent is expected to be followed by an industrial declaration that sets out in greater detail how the partners, notably Dassault and Airbus, Germany's defence aeronautics champion and a Eurofighter consortium member, will approach the multibillion-euro project.
Dassault Aviation (AVMD.PA) has made a strong pitch to be the senior partner.
France was originally part of the European Eurofighter consortium that includes Britain, Germany and Italy, but opted in the 1980s to develop its own independent Dassault-built Rafale fighter, partly in order to guarantee high-value work for its state-owned engine maker, now part of Safran.
Airbus and Dassault declined comment ahead of the air show.
Germany and France also plan sign a document at the air show in which they agree to explore the joint development of a new maritime surveillance aircraft, with a goal of making it operational by 2035, the German military sources said.
That programme, to be focused on anti-submarine warfare, surveillance and support, will be opened in the longer term to other countries in the European Union, NATO and elsewhere, the sources said.
(Reuters) - Indian shares closed higher for the third successive session on Monday, boosted by gains in IT and public sector bank stocks, as investors remained bullish on the outcome of a possible victory for the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party in the western state of Gujarat.
A broker monitors share prices while trading at a brokerage firm in Mumbai May 13, 2014. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui/Files
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed up 0.62 percent at 33,455.79.
The broader NSE Nifty, which finished above 10,300 for the first time this month, ended 0.55 percent higher at 10,322.25.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mobile Mini Inc:
* MOBILE MINI REPORTS Q4 2017 RESULTS AND ANNOUNCES QUARTERLY DIVIDEND
* Q4 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $0.41
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.07
* Q4 REVENUE $146.7 MILLION
* “‍EXPECT HEALTHY TOP LINE AND ADJUSTED EBITDA GROWTH, EXPANDED MARGINS AND INCREASED FREE CASH FLOW IN 2018”​
* AS A RESULT OF TAX ACT, CO REMEASURED NET DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES AND RECOGNIZED NET BENEFIT OF $77.6 MILLION
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $0.36, REVENUE VIEW $140.6 MILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Russia has lost half its banks since mid-2013
* Three major bailouts by central bank under way
* C.bank to change rules on provisions, access to funds (Adds details, quotes, background)
By Andrey Ostroukh, Polina Nikolskaya and Tatiana Voronova
MOSCOW, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Russia's cleanup of its banks is more than half complete, central bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Friday.
Since Nabiullina took the helm in mid-2013, Russia has lost around a half of its banks, with some collapsing and others taken over by the central bank in a bailout. The biggest were Otkritie, B&N and Promsvyazbank (PSB), seized by the central bank last year.
“We have passed through the majority of the clean-up of the banking sector from unqualified players,” Nabiullina told an annual gathering of the country's bankers and the central bank on the outskirts of Moscow.
To bail out just Otkritie, B&N and PSB, the central bank plans to spend around a trillion roubles ($18 billion). Then Otkritie and B&N are to be sold and PSB turned over to the defence sector bank.
Nabiullina said Otkritie and B&N could be merged and their toxic loans moved to a separate “bad bank” yet to be established.
She acknowledged that the state's share in the banking sector - which also includes the country's two top banks Sberbank and VTB - was high, reiterating that the central bank aimed to sell Otkritie and B&N when they were ready.
CHANGES IN RULES
Under reforms introduced by Nabiullina, since mid-2017 only banks with strong ratings from the two Russian ratings agencies - ACRA and Expert RA - are eligible to gain access to some state funds and instruments.
Other rules were put in place requiring banks to meet additional capital requirements and have balance sheets of a minimum size to access state funds. Nabiullina said these would be phased out to rely solely on the ratings agencies.
“Our rating agencies went through serious checks at the central bank, their methodology was verified,” she said at the meeting on Friday.
“We can now rely on the rating agencies. And other criteria, linked to the scale of a bank or its ownership, will be gradually replaced.”
Otkritie, which was seized at the end of August, had seen a large outflow in client funds, partly caused by a low rating by ACRA.
Russia still has more than 500 banks. The Russian central bank has gradually tightened rules, including those governing lending to related parties or the banks' owners, seen as among the causes of bank failures.
On Thursday, Nabiullina said the central bank was discussing with banks a proposal to demand higher provisions for loans used for mergers and acquisitions rather than for regular business operations. ($1 = 56.1105 roubles) (Writing by Katya Golubkova; editing by Andrew Roche)
Charlton boss Karl Robinson says it is too early to talk about bringing Jay Dasilva back on loan again next season.
The Chelsea left-footer has played at full-back in recent games.
But initially Dasilva did not feature for the Addicks. It has taken injury to Lewis Page to fully open the door for the teenager.
“It's still too soon,” said Robinson. “He's a Chelsea player. I knew the talent he had but didn't think he was ready for men's football.
“I know Chelsea were not overly happy about that but they've got to trust me. I know when the time is right to put them in. When he got his chance he has never looked back.
“He is an England under-19 international – his talent isn't in question. When he didn't play he didn't moan. I spoke about work ethic – how training has got to be like a game for him. He took that on board and has been brilliant.
“I do need someone in that position. Foxy [Morgan Fox] has been a loss – that's a debate amongst our fans, whether he was or wasn't. Since he has gone we have struggled in that area.
“When I first walked into the building I thought we dropped deep too much – our full-backs didn't get over the halfway line or past our wide players.
“I want to play offensive full-backs. It is exciting and risky, but when you get it right it is almost like having two more wingers. Here at The Valley we have to be putting teams under pressure.”
Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy explains how he was looking forward to meeting Bill Belichick after training camp practice, and how all the professional coaches in town have a mutual respect for each other. Video by Mike Reiss (0:35)
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- Boston Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy was a visitor at New England Patriots training camp on Monday morning, and in light-hearted fashion, he didn't hesitate when asked who would be his first-round draft choice to lace up the skates.
“Gronk!” he said with a smile.
At Patriots camp on Monday, Boston Bruins coach Bruce Cassidy didn't hesitate when asked who would be his No. 1 pick. Rob Gronkowski was his choice. Matthew J. Lee/The Boston Globe via Getty Images
The 6-foot-6, 265-pound Rob Gronkowski would qualify as a power forward, no doubt. He's been known to spike a puck or two as well.
But Cassidy said if Gronkowski wasn't available, he'd happily consider others.
“One of those linemen. They're big and just have them be your designated hitter. Or you take a guy like [Julian] Edelman, it would be interesting to see if he could be a goal scorer. It seems like he has the talent to play a lot of different positions. He competes hard in those dirty areas. He might have a little [Brad] Marchand in him.”
Meanwhile, Cassidy grew up a Dallas Cowboys fan, but he smiled while explaining that his allegiances have shifted.
“Growing up in Ottawa, we had upstate New York channels, so it was always the Giants and the Cowboys, going way back to Roger Staubach. I've always been a Patriots fan of the AFC and now I've become much more of a fan,” he said as his kids stood nearby in Tom Brady jerseys.
“The Cowboys haven't given us much to cheer about until last year. I do have a soft spot for the Cowboys, but I love the Patriots and have for a long time. Steve Grogan, way back then.”
As for why he was attending Patriots training camp, where he was scheduled to meet with Bill Belichick, Cassidy said: “Why not? You're learning from the best, and I'm a huge football fan. I enjoy watching the players execute, never mind taking away any sort of ideas of how to run practice, how to schedule practice, just being a fan.”
NEW DELHI/LONDON (Reuters) - India's Reliance Industries Ltd, owner of the world's biggest refining complex, plans to halt oil imports from Iran, two sources familiar with the matter said, in a sign that new U.S. sanctions are forcing buyers to shun oil purchases from Tehran.
Labourers work behind an advertisement of Reliance Industries Limited at a construction site in Mumbai, March 2, 2016. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade/Files
Reliance's move, expected to take effect in October or November, came after U.S. President Donald Trump abandoned a 2015 nuclear agreement this month and ordered the reimposition of U.S. sanctions on Tehran.
Some sanctions take effect after a 90-day “wind-down” period ending on Aug. 6, and the rest, notably on the petroleum sector, after a 180-day “wind-down period” ending on Nov. 4.
India has said it does not follow U.S. sanctions but companies with links to the U.S. financial system could be liable to penalties if they do not comply.
Reliance, an Indian conglomerate controlled by billionaire Mukesh Ambani, has significant exposure to the financial system of the United States, where it operates some subsidiaries that are linked to its oil and telecom businesses among others.
Reliance, whose modern refining complex at Jamnagar in Gujarat can process about 1.4 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude, has told officials of the National Iranian Oil Co (NIOC) that the firm would stop oil imports from Tehran in October or November, one of the sources said.
A second source said the company could halt imports from Iran earlier than that if European nations and Tehran failed to salvage the nuclear deal.
This source said that some insurance companies have asked Reliance to end exposure to Iran before November.
Global insurers have already warned about doing business with Iran while some shipping lines have said they would not take new bookings for Iran.
The United States has threatened to impose sanctions on European companies that do business with Iran.
In the interim period until it stops buying Iranian oil, Reliance has asked NIOC to supply Iranian oil in vessels owned by National Iranian Tanker Company (NITC), the sources said.
The sources did not wish to be identified as the matter is sensitive. Reliance did not respond to an email from Reuters seeking comment.
In 2017, Reliance's oil imports from Iran surged by about 45 percent to 67,000 bpd, according to ship tracking data. In Jan-April 2018, the company has imported about 96,000 bpd.
RETHINKING DEALINGS
Washington's withdrawal from the nuclear deal has spurred global insurers and other companies to rethink their dealings in Iran as they await further guidance from the United States and European Union.
Earlier this month French energy giant Total said it might quit a multi-billion-dollar gas project if it could not secure a waiver from U.S. sanctions.
Italy's Eni, which last June signed a provisional agreement with Tehran to conduct oil and gas feasibility studies, has said it had no plans for new projects in Iran.
Reliance, which deals with some of the top-notch foreign bankers with huge exposure to the U.S. financial system, exports fuel to the United States and imports ethane from there for its petrochemical plants.
Trade sources have said Reliance recently bought up to 8 million barrels of U.S. crude.
After a gap of six years, Reliance resumed purchases from Iran in 2016 when Western powers eased restrictions on trade with Iran in return for the OPEC member agreeing to end its disputed nuclear programme.
During previous sanctions NIOC waived a condition for its oil buyers to open letters of credit.
Since the lifting of sanctions, it has been selling oil in euros, a move that has allowed companies to temporarily continue dealing with Iran, despite the U.S. move to reimpose sanctions.
Iran is also offering deep discounts on sales to recoup market share in Asia, lost to key rivals Saudi Arabia and Iraq.
The company's global depository receipts are traded in the U.S. market. It is also the first Asian company to float 50- and 100-year bonds on the U.S. debt market, according to its annual report.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hamilton Bancorp Inc:
* QTRLY NET INTEREST INCOME $3.6 MILLION VERSUS $3.6 MILLION
* QUARTERLY LOSS PER SHARE $0.60 Source text - (bit.ly/2s4rXOu) Further company coverage:
Hockey fans will be able to watch the 2017 Winter Classic live online, though those looking forward to the matchup between the Chicago Blackhawks and St. Louis Blues may need a bit of patience to actually watch it. With rain and thunderstorms in the forecast for Monday at Busch Stadium, league officials are considering the possibility of delaying the start of the annual outdoor hockey game, ESPN reported. The game is originally scheduled for a 1 p.m. ET puck drop, but the league will be monitoring the situation and plans to give an update on Monday at 8 a.m. as to whether it could be delayed. Fans looking for an update on the status can check the league's official website. The weather would have been perfect for a game in St. Louis on New Year's Day, when the outdoor game is normally held, ESPN noted. But instead the NHL showcased another outdoor match in celebration of its 100th anniversary — the Centennial Classic, where the Toronto Maple Leafs triumphed 5-4 in overtime against the Detroit Red Wings. But as fans have come to expect, weather problems appear to be an issue for the Winter Classic. The very first game, played on New Year's Day in 2008, was frequently delayed as crews had to shovel piles of snow in Buffalo. League officials said that Monday's game would be played in a light rain, but anything heavier than that would lead to a delay. While it's not clear how long the puck drop could be pushed back, in the past the league has had no problem putting it off for several hours. [Image by Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images] Delays have become commonplace for outdoor NHL games. Sunday's Centennial Classic in Toronto was delayed for an hour because bright sunshine created a dangerous glare on the ice, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported. And the 2011 Winter Classic in Pittsburgh was actually delayed for a total of seven hours, making it a night game. The wild weather and frequent delays are something players have grown accustomed to as well. “You prepare like you would a normal game,” Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews told ESPN. “You don't really know how it can turn out, but at the end of the day, it's the same for both teams, and it comes down to who's handling the conditions the best. We played in a game at Soldier Field a couple of years ago, and it was snowing like crazy, and it was tough to even see the puck at times. It was slowing down on you, and it slowed the pace of the game down a little bit. If you don't make excuses and you just go play through it and know that it's a challenge both teams have to deal with, maybe you can take advantage of the rough conditions in some ways.” [Image by Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images] Blues coach Ken Hitchcock added that both teams are “ready for anything” including a long delay or an indefinite one where players or coaches don't have a clear indication of when the puck will drop. While heavy rain may make it difficult for fans trying to watch the Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues game live online, the players actually taking the ice in the 2017 Winter Classic say they can find ways to pass the time. “Nowadays, you've got cellphones,” Blues captain Alex Pietrangelo told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. “TVs. There's food. We'll play cards. We'll figure something out.” Fans who want to watch the 2017 Winter Classic live online can click here for streaming video of the Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues from NBC Sports Extra. [Featured Image by Dilip Vishwanat/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ISLAMABAD : Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal on Saturday said he wouldn't consider the judiciary independent until the Supreme Court of Pakistan issues arrest orders for General (retd) Pervez Musharraf.
Addressing a media conference, the Interior Minister said the former president committed the biggest contempt of court and the apex court should issue a contempt notice against him as it did in Nehal Hashmi's case.
The top court had earlier awarded one-month prison term to PML-N Senator Nehal Hashmi and disqualified him from holding public office for five years under Article 63 (1)(g) of the constitution.
“I will admit the judiciary is free and sovereign once Musharraf summoned and sent to Adiyala Jail on similar charges,” he said.
He said the authority of courts wouldn't be reinforced fully for serving contempt notices to ordinary political workers.
Appearing optimistic for upcoming elections, he said the PML-N government undertook countrywide public works and public will vote to the party for the development projects that have been initiated in last five years.
Earlier this week, the top court had issued contempt notices to two of the outspoken leaders of the ruling party; Minister of State for Interior Affairs Talal Chaudhry and Federal Minister for Privatisation Daniyal Aziz.
Orignally published by NNI
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MO (KPLR) – Authorities are investigating break-ins at a new subdivision in south St. Louis County. No one lives in these homes yet, but neighbors hope this doesn't become a trend.
The homes, located in the Gardens at Grant's View, were easy targets since crews are constantly in and out as they work to finish the project, police said.
"Sometime overnight we've got at least one suspect that broke into two homes. They're newer homes in the area and the stole some items," said Sgt. Shawn McGuire, St. Louis County Police Department.
McGuire said thieves took a sump pump, an oven, an A/C unit, and damaged copper wire in one of the homes; they stole a fridge, A/C unit, and tore copper wiring out of the other. That adds up to almost $8,000 worth of stolen items.
Courtney Lenzenhuber and her family moved to the neighborhood about a year ago and noticed a few things go missing.
"We just get a lot of people in the middle of the night to steal wood off of the vacant lots and I think that's pretty typical," she said.
Lenzenhuber said some neighbors have had packages taken off their porches or things stolen out of open garages, but surveillance cameras and police have helped. Her son, Matthew, said it was cool to see the police in action on his block.
"I feel like I kind of like police," he said.
While the Lenenhubers said some extra street lights would be helpful, police have a few tips of their own.
"We really encourage people that already live in these subdivisions to keep their eyes out for suspicious vehicles because these items are not leaving these houses without a truck or without something to carry them in," McGuire said.
He said if someone looks suspicious, take down a description of them and their vehicle, and do not be afraid to reach out to the authorities.
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
President Pakistan Businessmen and Intellectuals Forum (PBIF), President AKIA, Senior Vice Chairman of the Businessmen Panel of FPCCI and former provincial minister Mian Zahid Hussain on Monday said bond auction has remained successful which will provide some space to the government to put the economy back on the track. International investors did not give any importance to the negative reports regarding Pakistan which indicate that they are hopeful about the economic future of the country, he said. The auction of bonds worth 2.5 billion dollars attracted investors despite political turmoil, dharna and law and order issues which is a success, the former minister. Mian Zahid Hussain said that a loan from IMF was cheap as compared to the loan acquired from the debt market but the IMF loan seldom comes without strings.
Canadian Media Producers Association says the 2016-2017 fiscal year was strong for Canada overall
British Columbia, the home of blockbuster movie shoots such as “Deadpool 2” and “Star Trek Beyond,” has surpassed Ontario as Canada's top locale for film and television production for the first time.
A new report by the Canadian Media Producers Association says the 2016-2017 fiscal year was strong for Canada overall, with production volume in the country reaching an all-time high of $8.38 billion.
B.C. has always been in the top three provinces for film and TV shoots, but the report says last year its production volume hit $2.991 billion, just ahead of Ontario with $2.977 billion. Quebec, with its thriving French-language industry, placed third with $1.754 billion.
Robert Wong, vice president of Creative BC, the provincial agency that supports the artistic sector, said increased global demand for content and the recognition that B.C. is a world-class production centre are driving the growth.
He said streaming services, including Netflix, Amazon and Hulu, are the single biggest driver. Netflix's “A Series of Unfortunate Events” and “Altered Carbon,” premiering Friday, were shot in the province.
“Blockbuster movies, we do get our fair share of them in British Columbia, that's for sure, but really what we are known for is television production,” Wong said.
“The amount of television production is really where the growth is and that includes the streaming service-type productions.”
The report says the film and television industries generated 24,120 direct full-time jobs in B.C. — only 40 more than Ontario — while it created 14,540 such jobs in Quebec.
“Star Trek Beyond” alone employed more than 3,900 British Columbians and contributed $69 million to the provincial economy during 78 days of shooting, the report adds.
READ MORE: Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson reflects on first time in Vancouver
VIDEO: Riverdale stars step out to meet fans in Langley City
Film and television productions in B.C. receive a 28 per cent tax credit for labour costs. The credit was reduced five points from 33 per cent by the previous provincial Liberal government in 2016.
Wong said a stable and reliable tax policy is key to the success of the industry, but it's also coupled with an abundance of talent, crews and variety of locations in B.C.
“The one thing that you can't legislate is basically proximity to Los Angeles,” he added. “Being in the same time zone and two and a half hours away by flight does make a big difference.”
The report does sound a note of caution about the surge in demand for content and the abundance of foreign productions in Canada. Though the country has policies to support local content, capturing more than three per cent of domestic box office for Canadian films remains elusive, it says.
“With record growth across much of Canada's production sector, there is much to celebrate this year, including the creation of jobs and a significant contribution to the country's economy,” said Reynolds Mastin, president and CEO of the association in a statement.
“But, among these big numbers are some emerging trends that require attention. As our industry continues to adapt to evolving technologies and changing consumer behaviours, we must ensure that growth benefits our entire sector, including productions that showcase Canadian stories for audiences at home and around the world.”
Laura Kane, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) has announced that workshops for online Single Application are now underway and urged farmers to reserve a place as soon as possible.
Workshops will be held at CAFRE campuses in Antrim, Loughry and Enniskillen, to assist farmers in completing their 2018 Single Application. You must register in advance by contacting 028 7131 9955.
More than 300 people attended the workshops in 2017, with many farmers choosing to complete their Single Application during the workshop.
Dates and venues for the first in the series of workshops are as follows (further dates to be confirmed):
· Thurs 15 March 2018 - Greenmount College 6-8pm
· Tues 20 March 2018 - Enniskillen Campus 6-8pm
· Thurs 29 March 2018 - Greenmount College 6-8pm
· Tues 10 April 2018 - Enniskillen Campus 6-8pm
· Thurs 12 April 2018 - Loughry College 6-8pm
· Tues 17 April 2018 - Enniskillen Campus 6-8pm
· Thurs 19 April 2018 - Greenmount Campus 6-8pm
The 2018 Single Application and Maps Service opened on 01 March 2018 and will close on 15 May.
Single Applications must be completed online by you or someone acting for you by 15 May 2018 to claim payment for:
q Basic Payment Scheme and Greening Payment
q Young Farmers' Payment (YFP)
q Regional Reserve Entitlement allocation or top up (as a Young Farmer or New Entrant)
q Environmental Farming Scheme (EFS)
q Northern Ireland Countryside Management Scheme (NICMS)
q Farm Woodland Premium Scheme (FWPS)
q Farm Woodland Scheme (FWS)
q Forest Expansion Scheme (Annual Premia)
You must also use the Single Application and Maps Service to tell DAERA about any changes to your land. You can no longer do this on paper.
For further information on area based schemes please visit http://www.daera-ni.gov.uk/topics/grants-and-funding/area-based-schemes-2018-0
You can access DAERA Online Services at: http://www.daera-ni.gov.uk/services/daera-online-services
GENEVA (Reuters) - Muslim Rohingya continue to flee Myanmar's Rakhine state, with 11,432 arriving in Bangladesh so far in 2018, many testifying about violence, persecution, killings and burning of their homes, the United Nations human rights chief said on Wednesday.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein outgoing United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights attends the Human Rights Council one day after the U.S. announced their withdrawal at the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland June 20, 2018. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Many Rohingya refugees also report being pressured by Myanmar authorities to accept a national verification card that says they “need to apply for citizenship”, Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said in a speech to the U.N. Human Rights Council.
“No amount of rhetoric can whitewash these facts. People are still fleeing persecution in Rakhine — and are even willing to risk dying at sea to escape,” Zeid told the Geneva forum.
Observer Report
Karachi
The outgoing week brought damage for stock investors, with the KSE-100 index plunging by 3.4 per cent (1,589 points) to close at 45,288 points.
The unimpressive performance can be attributed to an uncertain political climate following the most-watched Panama Papers case verdict. In a show of strength, the former prime minister was mobilising supporters in a march from Islamabad to Lahore via the GT Road with strategic stops on the way.
In addition to the political noise, heavy foreign selling, unimpressive economic data, dull corporate results and a dip in central bank's foreign currency reserves dampened investor sentiments and shaved 1,589 points off the benchmark KSE 100-share Index in the week under review.
Investor participation slowed down markedly as average trading volumes during the week stood low, falling 46% to 190 million shares per day against 349 million traded last week.
Average traded value per day dropped 42% to Rs9.6 billion. Major trading volume was recorded in retail favourites, led by Azgard Nine (62 million shares), TRG Pakistan (58 million shares) and K-Electric (58 million shares).
The sectors that led the decline were commercial banks (336 points), fertiliser companies (251 points), cement producers (238 points), oil and gas exploration companies (185 points) and power generation and distribution firms (104 points). Among individual stocks, Habib Bank, Engro Corporation, United Bank, Oil and Gas Development Company and Maple Leaf Cement dragged the index down by 582 points.
On the flip side, PSO emerged as the biggest supporter of the bourse, contributing 51 points amid higher-than-expected dividend and surprise bonus pay-outs. Foreign investors continued to sell equities amidst concern over potential deterioration of the rupee-dollar parity and political uncertainty in the country with another $31 million worth of net selling during the week.
Foreign selling was seen in stocks of oil marketing companies ($8.5 million), commercial banks ($6.7 million) and exploration and production companies ($6.3 million).
On the local front, insurance companies and mutual funds were net buyers of $7.4 million and $6.5 million worth of stocks, respectively.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): A high level meeting held here on
Friday over the issue of India's case in International Court
of Justice (ICJ) over Indian RAW officer Commander Kulbhushan
Jadhav, who has been sentenced to death by a military court.
The meeting was held at Attorney General Office which was
attended among other by Secretary Foreign Affair Tahmina
Janjua, Secretary Law Karamatullah Niazi, Secretary
Interior Arshad Mirza and other relevant agencies, sources said.
Jadhav, a RAW officer, was arrested during a
counter-intelligence raid in Balochistan in March 2016, who had
confessed to being a spy for India's Research and Analysis Wing
(RAW) and involvement in terrorism in the country.
In this July 8, 2017, file photo, U.S. President Donald Trump, left, and China's President Xi Jinping arrive for a meeting on the sidelines of the G-20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany. Trump is planning to sign an executive action asking the U.S. Trade Representative to consider investigating China for the theft of U.S. technology and intellectual property. (Photo: Saul Loeb / AP file)
Bedminster, N.J. — Even as he seeks Beijing's help on North Korea, President Donald Trump is poised to seek a trade investigation of China for the alleged theft of American technology and intellectual property.
Trump is expected to sign an executive order Monday asking his trade office to consider the probe. In the midst of a 17-day vacation, Trump plans to leave his New Jersey golf club and return to Washington to sign the order.
There is no deadline for deciding if any investigation is necessary. Such an investigation easily could last a year.
In a phone call Friday, Trump praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for backing the recent U.N. vote to impose tougher sanctions on North Korea, and the leaders reaffirmed their commitment to a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula. But Trump also told Xi about the move toward a possible inquiry into China's trade practices, according to two U.S. officials familiar with that conversation. They were not authorized to publicly discuss the private call and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Trump wants government officials to look at Chinese practices that force American companies to share their intellectual property in order to gain access to the world's second-largest economy. Many U.S. businesses must create joint ventures with Chinese companies and turn over valuable technology assets, a practice that Washington says stifles U.S. economic growth.
Trump's action amounts to a request that his trade representative determine whether an investigation is needed under the Trade Act of 1974. If an investigation begins, the U.S. government could seek remedies either through or outside of the World Trade Organization.
While Beijing has promised to open more industries to foreign companies, it also has issued new rules on electric car manufacturing, data security, internet censorship and other fields.
An administration official who confirmed that Trump would sign the order contended it was unrelated to the showdown with North Korea. The official spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the order before Trump's formal announcement.
As the crisis involving North Korea has unfolded, Trump has alternated praising China for its help and chiding it for not ratcheting up pressure on its Asian neighbor.
“I think China can do a lot more,” Trump told reporters Thursday. “And I think China will do a lot more.”
The president has escalated his harsh criticism of North Korea for days, tweeting Friday that the U.S. had military options “locked and loaded.” Xi, in his phone conversation with Trump, urged calm, the officials said.
Trump, in the past, has tied trade policy to national security, leading to speculation that raising the possibility of a probe — without committing to one — could be a negotiating tactic to get China to step up its assistance with North Korea.
The forced sharing of intellectual property with Chinese firms has been a long-standing concern of the U.S. business community, with reports suggesting that losses stemming from it could total hundreds of billions of dollars annually that cost the U.S. economy millions of jobs.
Trump has requested similar inquiries on trade, but the reports haven't been delivered on deadline. Trump made addressing the U.S. trade deficit with China a centerpiece of his campaign last year and has suggested raising tariffs on goods from China.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w5Yd44
TMZ reports Roseanne Barr says her tweet towards former Barack Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett, in which she referred to Jarrett as a baby born out of the 'muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes', was due her taking Ambien. Roseanne claims the tweet was not racist, because she thought Jarrett to be Jewish.
Roseanne wrote, "It was 2 in the morning and i was ambien tweeting - it was memorial day." She continued, "i honestly thought she was Jewish and Persian -- ignorant of me for sure, but... i did."
Barr attacked co-star Michael Fishman ("DJ"), "I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it ... You throw me under the bus. nice!"
Roseanne also wrote, "im not getting my job back, genius - it's gone and so r all my old shows."
A representative of Sanofi, the pharmaceutical company for the Ambien brand, told TMZ, "People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world." The rep continued, "While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication."
“Sherlock” star Benedict Cumberbatch is “directly related” to the man who created his onscreen character around 130 years ago, according to Ancestry.com researchers. Elementary, though, this discovery is not. The actor and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, author of a series of detective stories featuring the fictional Sherlock Holmes, are 16th cousins twice removed, the site claims. Their common ancestor is John of Gaunt, Earl of Lancaster and son of the 14th-century King Edward III of England. That makes Gaunt Cumberbatch's 17th great-grandfather and Doyle's 15th great-grandfather. Living between 1340 and 1399, he became a patron and close friend of the poet Geoffrey Chaucer, author of The Canterbury Tales. Ancestrycom “Every family history project begins the same way: you start with what you know. From there, you work back one generation at a time, proving each step as you go,” Ancestry.com historian Michelle Ercanbrack said in a statement. “In this case, that proof came from documents that locate a person in a place and time or show family relationships. We looked at everything from church records of christenings and burials, censuses, newspaper announcements, land deeds, and tombstones. When we confirmed Benedict's connection to British Royalty, we tapped into well-established genealogies that opened up a lot of interesting possibilities.” Since 2010, Cumberbatch has played the famous sleuth alongside Martin Freeman's Dr. John Watson in the popular BBC series. After a three-year hiatus, it returned for a fourth season ― with three new episodes ― Sunday on PBS.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The financing deals were part of Abu Dhabi Global Market's innovative SPV regime, and were arranged to refinance two Etihad A380 aircraft bridge financing, which were maturing in December 2016 and originally financed by FGB.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Pakistan LNG, a subsidiary of state-owned Government Holdings, has cancelled a tender seeking six cargoes of liquefied natural gas (LNG) for delivery in July and August, two industry sources said on Wednesday.
A logo of liquefied natural gas (LNG) is pictured on a LNG truck outside a heavy-duty truck shop in Yutian county, China's Hebei province September 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee/Files
Pakistan is among major LNG buyers in Asia and the move could weigh on spot Asian LNG prices which have been declining after rising to a 3-1/2-year high in mid-June.
Pakistan LNG has decided to cancel the tender due to higher than expected prices offered by sellers, one of the sources said.
“(Power) demand is fluctuating,” the source said, adding that there is no urgent need for power plants to seek replacement cargoes. The company is unlikely to re-issue the tender, the source added.
Both industry sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak with media.
The company still has a separate tender seeking five cargoes of the super-chilled fuel for September to October delivery.
Prompt cargoes meant for Pakistan are being offered in the spot market, the second source said, though details were scant.
With Indian demand for LNG waning due to its monsoon season and high inventory, and with not all terminals operating in full capacity, the cargoes are unlikely to be diverted to India, the second source said.
KARACHI : Muttahida Qaumi Movement Pakistan Chief Farooq Sattar said on Wednesday if his party's reservations were not resolved then they will boycott upcoming elections.
Talking to media in Karachi, Farooq Sattar said that the victory for a voter is that he receives a symbol and all MQM supporters have the election symbol of kite.
He said that the people want Rabita Committee to hold a rally but the other group was not interested in elections.
Sattar said that the MQM's mandate is being given to others. “We are not being minus, we have been minused,” he said.
The MQM-P chief said that the upcoming elections cannot ensure stability and whatever bad things happened to them has been in front of everyone.
The MQM leader said that his party will continue the demand for a separate province, and there should not be two but 100 administrative units.
He said that the MQM's every leader is wishful for a separate province and everyone wants to fight for their rights.
Sattar lamented that census was not carried out in the right manner and his party faced discrimination even before the elections.
Trump says NAFTA talks going 'nicely,' Canada sees progress on auto rules
2018-04-25 05:45 | www.trend.az | 2
US President Donald Trump said on Tuesday a new North American Free Trade Agreement could be agreed on quickly, as Canada hailed progress on forging new rules for the auto industry, the pivotal issue in talks to revamp the 24-year-old accord, Reuters reported.
Ministers from the United States, Canada and Mexico responsible for NAFTA met in Washington to try to narrow differences on regional content rules for autos in the hope of tying up a deal in the coming days.
“NAFTA, as you know, is moving along. They (Mexico) have an election coming up very soon,” Trump said at a Cabinet meeting briefly attended by reporters.
“But we're doing very nicely with NAFTA. I could make a deal really quickly, but I'm not sure that's in the best interests of the United States. But we'll see what happens,” he said.
While details are still being negotiated, a new NAFTA is likely to push the region's automakers to source more parts from North America in order to create more jobs. Such an outcome could also raise costs for Detroit's main car manufacturers.
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, leaving a 3-1/2-hour meeting with US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, said there was progress on autos, which she described as “the heart” of NAFTA.
HOLYOKE -- Nearly 40 parents, teachers, officials and police attended a community meeting Monday prompted by discovery of a bullet through a window at Morgan School last week.
"It's important that we're here today as a community, a big community, to really take ownership of our neighborhood to make ourselves feel safe," said Nelson R. Roman, Ward 2 city councilor, who organized the meeting.
The hole in the window caused by a fired bullet was found Thursday morning at the 596 South Bridge St. school. No one was injured. Police recovered the bullet and the window has been replaced, said Holyoke Police Sgt. Joseph Garcia, who is assigned to the public schools.
The meeting included table discussions, with groups talking about how the gunshot made students, parents and staff feel and what needs to happen to foster community instead of violence.
Among those at the meeting were Holyoke Police Chief James M. ,Neiswanger, Deputy Fire Chief Jeffrey Przekopowski, Stephen K. Zrike, the state-appointed receiver in charge of managing the Holyoke public schools, Edward Caisse of the Hampden County Sheriff's Department and Massachusetts Trooper Andrew Canata.
Check back with The Republican and MassLive.com for more about this community meeting at Morgan School, including photos and video.
For all the glamour of the Trudeau name, it is far from certain that a plurality of Canadian voters would have considered handing him the reins of the federal government on the morning after he won his first Liberal nomination.
More than half a decade on the watch of two Liberal predecessors elapsed between the moment Trudeau entered politics by winning a seat in the Montreal riding of Papineau and his 2015 majority victory. Two of those years were spent in the leader's office preparing his first national campaign.
To measure the high leap Caroline Mulroney will attempt should she, as expected, run for the leadership of Ontario's Progressive Conservative Party, consider that she would have four months to do what Justin Trudeau accomplished over seven years.
One can only wonder how Trudeau would have fared — absent any previous experience in the lions' den of the House of Commons — on a leaders debate platform featuring seasoned rivals such as Stephen Harper, Jack Layton and Gilles Duceppe.
Watching the question period travails of Bill Morneau last fall, one was reminded almost daily that effectiveness in partisan politics requires some acquired skills. Morneau had never seen action in the House before he became finance minister.
By the time Trudeau became leader five years after his own entry in the political arena, many, including more than a few Liberals, still believed his selection amounted to little more than a dubious Hail Mary pass for a party fast running out of options to avoid being consigned to the margins.
There is one recent example of a candidate with no experience in elected political office taking on the leadership of provincial party and securing a governing mandate a few months later. But for a variety of reasons, that example may be more useful to collectors of political trivia than to those who want to map a credible quick path to power for Mulroney in Ontario.
Prince Edward Island's Wade MacLauchlan left academia to become his province's Liberal leader and premier in 2015. Only a few months later, he led his ruling party to re-election.
But P.E.I. is hardly a microcosm of Ontario. Moreover, MacLauchlan did not have to fight for his party's leadership. He was acclaimed to the role. He did not go into his first election licking fresh leadership campaign wounds.
By comparison, next month's Ontario leadership campaign is lining up to be anything but a cakewalk for whoever wins it. From a distance, it comes across as the sort of family reunion in preparation for which the host locks away the kitchen knives.
The transition from delegated conventions where party insiders were mostly in charge of choosing a leader to a one-member-one-vote formula has significantly increased the market value of celebrity candidates.
When it comes to selling membership cards, a well-known last name can go some way to trump proven political experience and/or demonstrated leadership skills under fire. The reverse is not necessarily true once one becomes party or government leader.
Still, the fact is that in Canada there are more examples of political neophytes failing to parlay their pedigree into a shortcut to a major party's leadership than the opposite.
On that score, the recent history of the Conservative movement in particular has featured some spectacular failures.
At this time last year, fans of businessman Kevin O'Leary still believed his reality television fame would propel him to the top of the federal Conservative party and, eventually, to the prime minister's office. Not only did he not go the distance, he also came up short in his self-appointed role of kingmaker.
In 2004, then-Magna CEO Belinda Stronach brought many of the same assets as Mulroney to her leadership bid against Stephen Harper. But neither her charisma nor her business background nor a last name that resonated in international corporate circles translated into the kind of presence one associates with a candidate ready for political prime time.
Those two recent episodes will not prevent many battle-hardened veterans of the Tory backrooms from lining up behind a Mulroney leadership bid.
If she does run, there will those who will serve her campaign out of loyalty to her father, Brian. Others will be drawn to the many qualities that make Caroline Mulroney a promising political neophyte.
Some may even be the same people who tried unsuccessfully to cast Stronach and/or O'Leary as natural-born political leaders.
Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Her column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
MONTEVIDEO, Feb 1 (Reuters) - Uruguay needs financing of $3.077 billion this year and will help meet that amount through multi-lateral borrowing and issuance of $2.7 billion in bonds, the economy ministry said in its quarterly debt report on Thursday.
The country ended 2017 with a fiscal deficit of $2.0 billion, or about 3.5 percent of gross domestic product.
Proceeds from the bonds due to be issued in 2018 will mostly go toward paying interest on outstanding debt and amortizations, the report said. (Reporting by Malena Castaldi; Editing by Sandra Maler)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum is looking for the "kind woman" who helped her teenage daughter on her first solo train journey.
Andrea Ballancore shared a photo of her 16-year-old on Facebook and said that she was recently charged an additional £85 for her journey from Stockport to Bristol.
Andrea said that her daughter , who'd missed her scheduled service, was told she could not board the next train by a ticket inspector without paying the extra fee – but that a mystery lady helped her out.
"This is my daughter," Andrea wrote. "She just missed her train back to Bristol from Stockport. Her first ever big train journey solo and the woman in the ticket office would not allow her to board the next train without paying an additional £85.
"She is 16. Please can you share this post far and wide, (especially my northern contacts) as I would like to repay and thank the kind woman who took pity on my daughter and bought her a ticket! Long shot but hope this finds you, you wonderful lady you."
Andrea's post has been shared more than 20,000 times. People are keen to find the lady who came to Andrea's daughter's rescue, praising the woman's actions.
(Image: Getty)
Linda Dobson commented: "There are more good and nice people in the world than there are bad...They just don't make the news as easily... Well done that lady."
Others also think the 16-year-old should've had the fare waved due to her age.
Alison Sangster said: "How kind of that lady. Shame on Railways to not let the lass board the next one. Nasty."
Darren Dickson added: "Wouldn't the company have a duty of care for the minor in a distressing time for her? Yes she made a mistake and missed her train but that may not have been her fault. What would people have been saying if something awful had happened to her?"
But not everyone thinks the gesture was warranted.
Chris Johns wrote: "Let's not worry about tickets and just have a free for all on the trains eh? Your daughter is 16. Should have been on time. And if she needed another £88 could she not have called you? What a pointless post."
Mirror Online has contacted Andrea for more information
(Reuters) - An experimental Roche Holding AG drug, added to standard therapy, led to a far higher rate of remission and helped patients with an advanced, aggressive blood cancer live significantly longer than the standard treatment alone, according to data from a mid-stage trial released at a medical meeting on Sunday.
In the trial of 80 patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) whose disease had progressed despite several treatment regimens, the addition of Roche's polatuzumab vedotin raised the complete response rate to 40 percent. That compared with 15 percent who achieved a complete response with just the standard drugs - Roche's Rituxan and Teva's Treanda chemotherapy. Complete response indicates no detectable signs of cancer.
There was a 65-percent reduction of risk of death with polatuzumab, researchers reported at the American Society of Hematology meeting in Atlanta. Median overall survival was 11.8 months for the polatuzumab combination versus 4.7 months for patients who received standard therapy.
“These results exceeded our expectations both for the complete response rate, because this is a heavily pre-treated population, and also that we were able to detect an overall survival benefit of this magnitude,” said Sandra Horning, Roche's chief medical officer and head of product development.
Roche needs new cancer drugs as it begins to face competition from cheaper biosimilar versions of its longtime blockbuster oncology medicines Avastin and Herceptin.
Polatuzumab is a newer type of medicine called antibody drug conjugates designed to link therapeutic antibodies to cancer cell-killing agents while minimizing the effect on normal cells.
Polatuzumab, which targets a specific protein expressed in the majority of B-cell lymphomas, has received breakthrough therapy designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration the priority medicines tag from European regulators, indicating that it is widely viewed as a potentially important advance.
It is also being tested in combination with other newer Roche medicines.
Average duration of response improved from 3.7 months with the standard therapy to 8.8 months with the three-drug combination in the Phase II study.
No unexpected safety signals were observed with the addition of polatuzumab, the company said.
DLBCL is a fast growing and the most common form of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japanese trading company Mitsui & Co Ltd on Friday said its April-December profits jumped over 60 percent from the year before and raised its full-year forecast to record levels, boosted by higher prices for iron ore and coking coal.
Mitsui is now forecasting a net profit of 440 billion yen ($4 billion), up from its previous guideline of 400 billion yen, beating a mean estimate of 407 billion yen among 10 analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
“Our results underlined strength in metal and energy assets as well as an advancement in our steel product, machinery and infrastructure operations,” Mitsui Chief Financial Officer Keigo Matsubara told a news conference.
April-December net profit grew 64 percent to a record 376.8 billion yen.
Prices for iron ore for delivery to China's Qingdao port .IO62-CNO=MB had jumped more than 35 percent to around $79 a tonne by early January from an October-low of about $58, according to Metal Bulletin.
That was largely driven by tighter steel markets in China as the world's No.2 economy brought in winter production curbs to help clear its skies.
Meanwhile, Mitsui rival Itochu Corp reported a 19-percent increase in April-December profit to a record 357.1 billion yen. But it kept its full-year forecast of 400 billion yen unchanged, falling short of a mean estimate of 418 billion yen from 9 analysts.
“We are sticking to our full-year forecast for now,” Chief Financial Officer Tsuyoshi Hachimura told a news conference.
Sojitz Corp boosted its net profit forecast for the year to March by 12 percent to 56 billion yen, citing higher-than-expected coal prices.
Mitsubishi Corp, Marubeni Corp and Sumitomo Corp will announce their earnings next week. ($1 = 109.7800 yen) (Reporting by Yuka Obayashi; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother reached its landmark 20th series last year but we have still seen big things in 2018.
A host of stars from TV, music, film and even YouTube have voluntarily committed themselves to being locked away for weeks for a chance to boost their star power (and bank some easy money).
But in the 17 years since Celebrity Big Brother first launched there have been some seriously high drama and jaw dropping moments.
Here are the top most shocking moments from every series of Celebrity Big Brother so far.
Series 1: Vanessa Feltz' meltdown
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Back when Celeb Big Brother first launched in 2001, the contestants were taking part to win money for charity and the show lasted just eight days.
But eight days was all it took for Vanessa Feltz to crack up - well, even less, actually, as she flipped on Day 3 when she was nominated for eviction and started scrawling obscenities on the kitchen table in chalk (while dressed in animal print and wearing shades) - and totally ignoring Big Brother's demands to stop.
Jack Dee - who won the show - also caused a stir when he escaped for an hour, with security failing to find him.
Series 2: Les Dennis' depression
(Image: E4)
While nothing too outrageous happened during series 2 of CBB in 2002, it was clear for anyone watching that Les Dennis was a broken man.
He entered the house following the collapse of his marriage to Britain's Got Talent babe Amanda Holden, and it seemed he was not himself.
He later commented that entering the house was not his "wisest move," but he was placed second behind Take That's Mark Owen.
Series 3: Jackie Stallone's grand entrance
(Image: Rex)
Brigitte Nielsen got the fright of her life when ex-mother-in-law Jackie Stallone entered the house on day five in the middle of a task (her "yeah, Jackie" introduction has gone down in CBB legend).
Brigitte gave a master class in acting as she managed to feign surprise and excitement to see the woman that she blamed for the collapse of her marriage to Sly Stallone before dashing to the Diary Room to express her complete shock - and threatened to walk.
However, the two women managed to resolve their issues.
The series also left some viewers revolted by John McCririck - who many regarded as misogynistic - and Germain Greer became the first housemate ever to quit the show on the grounds of Brigitte and John being bullied by the other housemates and producers.
Series 4: Pete Burn's animal jacket
(Image: Getty)
The late Pete Burns courted controversy when he entered the CBB house in 2006 wearing what he claimed was a gorilla skin jacket.
Police were called to the house and tests were done on the jacket - which revealed it was actually made of Colobus monkey skin (another endangered animal), but charges were not brought as the jacket was proved to be vintage and made before the importation of Colobus fur was made illegal.
Further controversy occurred that series when Faria Alam - famous for having an affair with Sven-Goran Eriksson - claimed she had been nominated for eviction because she was Asian - sparking the first Celebrity Big Brother race row.
Series 5: Jade Goody's racism shame
(Image: Rex/Shutterstock)
By far the most shocking moment in Celebrity Big Brother history was in 2007 during series 5 when Jade Goody along with Danielle Lloyd and Jo O'Meara were accused of being racist following their persistent bullying of Shilpa Shetty.
The abuse made uncomfortable viewing - with Ofcom receiving more than 44,500 complaints and eventually ruling Channel 4 (who aired the show at the time) had breached rules.
The incident sparked international outrage, prompted a response from both the UK and Indian governments, and led to Celebrity Big Brother being cancelled in 2008.
Shilpa went on to win CBB, publicly forgave Jade for her involvement in the arguments, and became something of a UK National Treasure.
Jo O'Meara said in later interviews she was left on the verse of a mental breakdown after receiving death threats following her time on the show, while Danielle Lloyd escaped the brunt of the backlash (even making it to the final).
Jade's career was ruined, and while trying to rebuild it she appeared on India's version of Big Brother in 2008 - but left the house on Day 2 after learning she had been diagnosed with cervical cancer, and later died on 22 March 2009.
Series 6: Coolio harasses Mutya Buena
Celebrity Big Brother was resurrected in 2009 for series 6 - but was not without controversey.
Sugababe Mutya Buena sensationally quit the show on day 15, having just survived an eviction.
While she said “homesickness” was the reason for her decision to walk from the house, in an interview with the Daily Mail hours later she revealed she had been made to feel uncomfortable by fellow housemate Collio.
“He's a sex pest who would perv on me all the time. It just made my skin crawl,” the pop singer - then 23, while Coolio was 45 - said.
Series 7: Vinnie Jones' disability slur
Series 7 in 2010 (and won by Alex Reid after 27 days) sparked outrage during the live final when runner-up Vinnie Jones accused Davina McCall of “walking like a retard”.
The comment brought heavy criticism from disability charities and members of the public - but it took almost two weeks before Vinnie and Davina both apologised for the comment.
Series 8: Kerry Katona and Lucien Laviscount's fauxmance
(Image: WENN)
Celebrity Big Brother showmance's might be routine these days, but one of the earliest was when Kerry Katona and Lucien Laviscount dived into a relationship while appearing on the show in 2011 (the first series to air on Channel 5).
The romance has gone down in history as one of the most obviously fake during the course of CBB.
Since leaving the house, both have endured different fates - with Kerry still trying to reclaim her fame in Atomic Kitten, while Lucien has started carving out a Hollywood acting career.
Series 9: Natalie Cassidy's a sore loser
(Image: PA)
No one likes a bad loser, and Natalie Cassidy really took her eviction from CBB series 9 in 2012 badly.
After being shown the door following a double eviction on Day 16, she fumed: "Absolutely devastated…thank you so much for all your support…don't know what went wrong…totally shocked” and used the hashtag #natshouldhavewon.
Series 10: MC Harvey's bum joke backfires
(Image: C5)
MC Harvey caused outrage in the CBB house during series 10 (the first summer series ever).
While drunk, he exposed his buttocks to a shocked Coleen Nolan - and then proceeded to part his cheeks to make his flashing moment even more shocking.
Fellow housemate Martin Kemp told the rapper he had gone too far, blasting: "It was disrespectful what you did. There is ‘banter' and then there is getting your a**e out and opening your cheeks and showing it all to Coleen."
The rapper - who claimed the stunt was a "joke" - was promptly told off by Big Brother in the Diary Room for his inappropriate behaviour.
Series 11: Rylan Clark walks out of the house
(Image: Enterprise News/Channel5)
Rylan Clark-Neal may be the kind of Big Brother's Bit On The Side but he was also a contestant on series 11 in 2013 (fresh from X Factor failure).
While the music-show reject managed to glide to victory in the series, it wasn't without raising eyebrows.
While appearing on CBB, it was revealed he was allowed to leave the house every Sunday to rehearse for The X Factor Live Tour.
Series 12: Lauren Harries pops some pills (into Courtney Stodden's mouth)
(Image: Rex)
Lauren Harries was the centre of a drugs shock in Celebrity Big Brother series 12 in the summer of 2013.
After Courtney Stodden complained of feeling ill, Lauren popped two pills into Courtney's mouth and instructed her to swallow them down with a glass of water.
Lauren was then called to the Diary Room and reprimanded for sharing medication - while Courtney also revealed she faked swallowing the pills and binned them once Lauren was called away.
The incident led to an argument between Lauren and model Sophie Anderton, who blasted the antiques expert for “putting pills in people's mouths, which is illegal”.
Series 13: The 'worst' contestant won
(Image: Rex)
Series 13 of Celebrity Big Brother proved to be so compelling that Channel 5 extended the number of episodes by two days as viewers lapped up the shocking behaviour of the most raucous housemates to date.
From Lionel Blair and Luisa Zissman losing all inhibitions during an S&M task, to the love triangle between Casey Batchelor, Lee Ryan and Jasmine Waltz , there were plenty of shocking moments.
However, perhaps most shocking of all, was when mysoginistic, dated, sexist and racist comedian Jim Davidson was crowned winner of the series - with the divisive star looking totally smug as he won.
Series 14: Kellie Maloney vs James Jordan
(Image: Channel 5)
Kellie Maloney may have witnessed a lot of fights in her years as a boxing manager, but nothing could have prepared her for the clashes she endured with Strictly dancer James Jordan in CBB series 14 (summer 2014).
The constant arguing made everyone in the house uncomfortable - as well as many watching at home - with James seemingly gathering more joy every time he managed to infuriate Kellie further.
After being evicted, Kellie told host Emma Willis she could see a lot of Franks (her former identity) in James, and warned he needs to “bury a lot of aggression”.
Series 15: Perez, police, and inappropriate touching
(Image: Channel 5)
Perez Hilton was determined to make Celebrity Big Brother ‘The Perez Show' in 2015 during series in 2015 by acting as loud, rude, and obnoxious as possible to ensure he got as much air time as he could muster.
His plan somewhat backfired in the sense that, yes, he did draw the most attention - but this included the attention of the police who reportedly said they would question him if Katie Hopkins complained after he's threatening to lick her.
Perez was evicted on Day 29 - with Hopkins coming second overall on Day 31 (while Katie Price won the show).
Meanwhile, Jeremy Jackson had earlier been thrown out of the house (and handed a formal caution from police) after he groped fellow housemate Chloe Goodman.
Series 16: Tila Tequila's Nazi past
Tila Tequila was one of the American contestants to enter Celebrity Big Brother on Day 1 of the competition during 2015's series 16.
However she was also the first to be shown the door - but not via nominations.
The model was kicked off the show on the second day after it was revealed she had posted social media messages sympathising with Adolf Hitler ahead of entering the house - and had posed for photos in Nazi outfits.
Series 17 - "David is dead!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Tiffany Pollard was in hysterics when Angie Bowie quietly informed her that David was dead.
The sad news was that Angie's husband - the late music legend David Bowie - had died at the beginning of 2016, but Tiffany mistakenly thought she meant fellow housemate David Gest.
Tiffany went through a full range of emotions as she thought David died in the CBB house - and was then confused to see him alive and well. Gest sadly died later that year.
The 2016 series is also responsible for the ongoing love story between Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell .
Series 18 - Biggins the 'bigot'
Nazi references brought further controversy in 2016 during series 18 when Christopher Biggins was removed from the house after allegedly making revolting comments to Jewish contestant Katie Waissel.
He had earlier sparked outrage by making unfavourable comments about bisexuals.
Aside from Biggins' unsavoury comments, series 18 caused shock via a different medium as ex-TOWIE hunk Lewis Bloor freely flashed his manhood around the house and shower.
Series 19: Kim Woodburn's explosive confrontation
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Stacy Francis sparked controversy at the star of 2017 during series 19 of CBB as she made a homophobic slur during conversation.
Outside of Stacy's comment, there wasn't too much controversy in the house - until Kim Woodburn sensationally entered on Day 11.
Her explosive arguments with Nicola McLean became instantly legendary - with security even wading in to break up one fight as she singlehandedly took on Nicola, Calum Best , Bianca Gascoigne , Chloe Ferry, and Jamie O'Hara in an argument - while Spencer Pratt gleefully watched all the drama unfold.
San Francisco residents are vandalizing electric scooters and in one case, pooping on them.
That's gross.
The city has received numerous complaints about the scooters in recent weeks and has already begun impounding scooters parked illegally.
Some activist residents of San Francisco are apparently so outraged by the sight of electric scooters on city streets that they've resorted to extreme measures, including literally pooping on them.
Motherboard reported Tuesday that electric scooters around San Francisco have become targets of vandalization. Scooters have been seen with broken wiring, with stickers covering the QR codes that allow riders to unlock them, thrown into trashcans and, yes, even pooped on.
The scatological scooter sabotage comes as three separate startups — Bird, LimeBikes, and Spin — all recently began placing the two-wheeled vehicles throughout the city. The services all work similarly and bill themselves as environmentally friendly transportation alternatives.
Using a smartphone app, city residents can reserve a nearby scooter, ride around on it for a small fee, and, at the end of the journey, leave the scooter anywhere to be claimed by the next rider. Unlike many bike-sharing programs, the scooters don't need to be attached to a special dock, so riders can just hop off and walk away.
San Francisco officials say they have received numerous complaints about the scooters, claiming the scooters routinely block sidewalks and building entrances, cause people to trip, and make sidewalks less accessible to children and people in wheelchairs. Residents have also reported seeing riders on sidewalks, which is illegal.
In response to increased public pressure and complaints, the San Francisco City Attorney sent the scooter startups cease-and-desist letters last week, calling scooters public nuisances and a public safety hazard and has begun impounding scooters that are seen illegally parked. The city voted last week to require scooters companies to apply for a permit before operating in the city.
DUBLIN (Reuters) - The European Central Bank is normalizing policy and whether it ends asset buys in September or winds them down gradually is not a major issue, French central bank chief Francois Villeroy de Galhau said on Friday.
Having bought over 2 trillion euros worth of bonds, the ECB is now contemplating whether to wind down the scheme known as quantitative easing after several extensions and markets are betting on their end in the fourth quarter.
The end of purchases is significant as the ECB has tied its next rate move to the end of asset buys and Villeroy's comment will likely reinforce market expectations that the first move could come around mid-2019.
“One shouldn't focus excessively on the sole instrument of monthly net asset purchases: whether we end them in September or taper them somewhat more gradually is not a deep existential question,” Villeroy said in Dublin.
But Villeroy added even if bond buys end, the ECB will continue to provide stimulus through an array of instruments.
“We will rely more and more on the entire policy package, including the sizeable stock of acquired assets, the forthcoming reinvestments and the forward guidance on interest rates,” Villeroy, who sits on the ECB's Governing Council, added.
He said normalization will follow a predictable sequence with the ECB also keeping an eye on how exchange rates develop, with the recent dollar weakness considered a source of uncertainty.
“We will accordingly monitor the impact of the exchange rate evolution – which is a source of uncertainty – and be ready to reassess if necessary,” Villeroy said.
Launched nearly 3 years ago, the bond buys have kept borrowing costs low, reviving growth and averting deflation. But prices have also been slow to respond and inflation is due to undershoot the ECB's target for years to come, suggesting that stimulus will have to continue, even if in more conventional form.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amber Rose has been showing off the results of her boob reduction after going down from an H cup to a D cup.
The former stripper posed for an impromptu shoot on Friday where she was showing off her new bust - and a fierce new blue hairstyle.
The mum-of-one shared four photos with her 16million followers and each one was more explicit than the last.
In the first post the bombshell is showing off a hint of tummy in her white cropped T-shirt and plaid trousers as she poses against a fence.
The second sees her seductively licking her middle finger, while the third X-rated snap shows her with her hand stuck down her trousers.
(Image: Instagram/amberrose)
But the last shot didn't appear to go down well with her fans, with some calling it "tasteless", while another sarcastically branded her "Mum of the Year".
However, others were more focused on her recent reduction, with another sharing: "Much better I love it .... wanna reduce mine too."
And: "Beautiful and more proportional to your curves, styling it girl! Love your new look."
"Your smaller boobs look awesome what a difference!" added another fan.
(Image: Instagram/amberrose)
Amber first showed off the results earlier this week via an Instagram story.
“I don't know if you guys know, but I was a 36H," she told her fans.
“I was really, really big and I think now I might be a D cup, which is like, really small for me.”
Dressed in a robe, she opened it to show her smaller cleavage.
(Image: Instagram/amberrose)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
“Look how much smaller they are. So I really went down a lot.”
She also told fans she's been online shopping for a whole new wardrobe, including tops with spaghetti straps, because she couldn't wear them before with her bigger bust.
She told her followers she's “been online shopping and getting cute little shirts and little strapless little things and I'm just so excited.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A group of travellers has arrived in Fulbourn on a site earmarked for 200 new homes.
About 20 caravans and vehicles have arrived at the Ida Darwin site near Fulbourn Hospital. It is thought they are the same group who left the recreation ground in Stapleford yesterday (August 13).
A resident, who asked not to be named, said: “They are at Ida Darwin, and there are a lot of them. I would say it's quite a large area and there are about 20 caravans and other vehicles there. I didn't see any animals.”
She said the entrances to the site had since been blocked off, but she noted this was like “shutting the door after the horse has bolted”.
Cambridgeshire and Peterborough NHS Foundation Trust (CPFT) has plans to build on the 32-acre Ida Darwin site in Fulbourn, which has been earmarked by South Cambridgeshire District Council for new housing.
The first phase could start in about 2018 and involve up to 150 homes with the second for up to 53 new homes.
The whole project would take about 10 years to complete.
A spokesman for Fulbourn Parish Council confirmed that the travellers had arrived, but said they were not inconveniencing the public. The spokesman said the council was “on alert”, but that their priority was protecting the public green in the village.
Yesterday, the News reported that piles of rubbish and human excrement were left on a Stapleford recreation ground after travellers spent the weekend there.
About 30 motorhomes and caravans set up on Stapleford Recreation Ground on Friday night (August 11), with the last leaving around 2pm on Sunday.
An extensive clear-up is now under way and villagers are looking at ways to prevent an "intimidating" weekend from happening again.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
NEW YORK -- New York Yankees legend Derek Jeter once famously told President George W. Bush to throw from the mound and not to bounce the ball because then fans would boo him.
Saquon Barkley didn't follow either piece of advice. The fans booed.
Barkley, who was selected No. 2 overall by the New York Giants in the 2018 NFL Draft, tossed the first pitch before the start of Tuesday's game vs. the Astros. Barkley is used to playing in front of 110,000 fans in Beaver Stadium but said he was nervous to throw the pitch.
"When you step out of the element, that's when it gets different. I actually was a little nervous," Barkley said. "On my way here, I was watching videos of the 50 Cent and all the bad ones. I was thinking, 'I do not want to be on ESPN's Not Top 10.'"
Barkley proceeded to throw a one-hopper to catcher Gary Sanchez and received a smattering of boos from the notoriously tough Yankees Stadium crowd.
"It wasn't as bad as I thought," Barkley said. "I kind of got caught between not trying to do too much and not trying to throw it too less. I just tried to get it to the plate. I give myself a seven."
"I didn't really think about [coming home] until they announced me as 'Bronx native,' and then I was like, 'I am born from the Bronx,' so it was kind of cool to throw a pitch," Barkley said. "Just to even throw a pitch for the Yankees was even cool."
Sigourney Weaver's Ellen Ripley is one of the greatest female heroes of all time. Her determination and grit are not so easily matched by any other onscreen heroine, even to this very day. Ridley Scott, the famed director of the original #Alien film and the upcoming #AlienCovenant, first introduced us to this amazing character back in 1979. However, it was James Cameron's turn in the director's chair in 1986 that raised Ripley's character to pop culture legend.
In an interview with Empire Magazine, Scott revealed it wouldn't totally be out of the realm of possibility to utilize digital de-aging methods in one of his upcoming sequels that tie his expansive Alien universe together. When asked about bringing Ripley back via de-aging technology, his reply was short and left quite a lot to be desired:
"You could do that."
Still, that's not a hard "no." Just for fun, let's speculate here. Suppose it's an option on the table. Could they bring Ripley back? Should they?
It Could Capitalize On The Growing Trend And Emerging Technology
'Captain America: Civil War', 'Ant-Man', 'Westworld' [Credit: Marvel/HBO]
Disney, with its unlimited access to both financial and technological means, have been using this digital facial CGI in a number of ways. It has been used to make stars like Robert Downey Jr. and Michael Douglas appear as younger CGI versions of themselves, and to make Carrie Fisher's Princess Leia appear in Rogue One. In other instances, like with Peter Cushing's Governor Tarkin in Rogue One's Governor Tarkin, it can be used to reinsert actors who have passed away since last portraying their character.
As #SigourneyWeaver is very much alive, it's entirely possible that she could provide the mocapping for her younger self, should Ripley ever be included in the prequels. Even if she weren't able to provide her services in person, Weaver portrayed Ripley through four films in the Alien franchise. There is more than enough footage to digitally recreate her as a younger version of herself.
Now That We Know She Could Be Included...Should She?
In the words of Dr. Ian Malcolm in Jurassic Park: "Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should." Yes, we have the technology to include a digitally de-aged Ripley in future prequel movies, but that doesn't necessarily mean it would add to the story.
It's easy to compare the legacy of both Ellen Ripley and Leia Organa. They're both iconic female heroes that have been praised and loved all over the globe for many, many years. However, though it truly was a gift and quite the surprise to see Princess Leia in Rogue One, the movie would've been just as great without it. Couple that with the fact it would probably upset Weaver herself, as she's been clamoring for a Ripley comeback for years, I don't see a whole lot of sense in doing it.
But if done correctly, and with Weaver's knowledge and permission, of course, it could turn out to be a pleasant little surprise. The best method would be to somehow use this technology to bridge the gap between the final moments of #RidleyScott's final Alien prequel and the original film.
See Also:
Why Not Just Find A Way To Bring Back Weaver Herself?
Scott's words should all be taken with a grain of salt as a four-word reply doesn't in any way guarantee or even hint that this is what Scott has planned. The idea itself also does present some issues given how excited Weaver has been these past few years to revisit the character after all this time and finally bring an end to her consistently tragic story. If Scott were to bring the character back, it'd more likely lean more toward something like the cameo of Princess Leia at the end of Rogue One than a full onscreen revival.
There are rumors circulating that we may see a nod to Ripley in Alien: Covenant. It remains to be seen, however, if that will amount to anything more than pure fan speculation.
I suppose we'll all find out when Covenant hits theaters on May 19, 2017.
Do you want to see a young Ripley appears in a future 'Alien' film? Or should the character just finally be retired?
Get daily Love Island updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island fans were left questioning how Jack Fincham really was tonight after ex Ellie Jones revealed a weird connection to Dani's dad Danny Dyer.
But Jack was left fuming when he heard what his ex had said and blasted her for trying to "make out as though he were a weirdo".
Dani and Ellie were forced to sit down together for a drink and Jack's ex blasted him for being a "f***boy".
However, she also revealed that Jack had a poster of the EastEnders star on his bedroom wall.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Dani was clearly shocked by the confession, and later told Samira: "The kid's got posters, he's got a poster of my dad on his wall!"
Later, she spoke to Jack and revealed what Ellie had told her - and he was not happy.
An upset Jack said: "Listen, I feel like yous are trying to mug me off... I didn't want to be made out as though I'm some kind of weirdo."
Yet some viewers were left a little sceptical about Jack.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
One tweeted: "Now we all found out jack has a poster of Danny dyer, does he really wanna be with dani or does he just want Danny dyer as a father In law #loveisland."
While another commented: "Jack has a poster of Danny Dyer? Listen, this was all planned. Jack had his eye on Dani from before the show, mark my words. He's using her for the fame #LoveIsland."
Don't miss Love Island news Want to make sure you get the latest updates from the villa? Or just can't wait 23 hours to find out what happens next? Sign up using this form to receive daily updates directly to your phone - and we'll send the big breaking news to you as well.
A third remarked: "I'm just gunna throw it out there...is Jack genuine? Mmmmm, poster of Danny Dyer? Something doesn't sit right. #LoveIsland."
"No wonder Jack likes Dani if he has posters of her dad on his walls #LoveIsland," another pointed out.
Let's hope not - we still have faith in Jack!
*Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2
“Sicario,” a dark and violent look at the drug war, doesn't exactly scream franchise. It's characters are morally compromised and its outlook on a conflict that's devastated families on both sides of the U.S. and Mexican border adds up to a bleak and unflinching drama. There's nary a caped crusader to be found in this morass.
Despite the obstacles, the 2015 drama is getting a follow-up with this summer's “Sicario: Day of the Soldado.” Unlike the first film, which centers on Emily Blunt's novice agent, the sequel focuses on Alejandro Gillick, the brutally efficient hit man who oversees off-the-book operations for the CIA. Oscar-winner Benicio Del Toro returns to the role, along with Josh Brolin, who once again plays the government official Matt Graver. Blunt sits this one out.
“I felt the character could be explored further,” Del Toro told Variety during an interview at CinemaCon. “I liked the script and just hope that people take to it like I did. It had a lot of turns. It was original and unpredictable.”
Del Toro made the trek to Las Vegas this week to debut footage from the film at the annual exhibition industry trade show. The trailer that he presented to theater owners was bloody and incisive, and finds Gillick and Graver at odds. Gillick is determined to protect the daughter of a drug lord — a decision that leaves him out in the cold and facing off against his former allies.
Related 'Incredibles 2': Samuel L. Jackson's Frozone Saves the Day in CinemaCon Footage Disney Debuts Live-Action 'Lion King,' 'Dumbo,' 'Aladdin' Footage at CinemaCon
“We learn more about Alejandro's past, but we also learn how he acts when his back is against a wall,” said Del Toro.
In “Sicario,” Gillick is often several steps ahead of his adversaries. In the sequel, he's scrambling to keep up, the actor said.
“What they set out to do and accomplish [in ‘Sicario'], it worked like clock work,” said Del Toro. “With this one, not so much. Now we see how the characters deal with adversity. That's a little bit different than the Alejandro that we saw before.”
Hitting Vegas was something of a sacrifice for Del Toro. The actor was forced to skip out on the Los Angeles premiere of “Avengers: Infinity War,” the big-budget comic book epic that finds him reprising his role as the Collector, an acquirer of rare materials who clashes with Earth's Mightiest Heroes.
“I haven't seen it,” Del Toro said of “Infinity War.” “I just hope that whatever I did worked.”
POPULAR ON VARIETY:
RAWALPINDI, Aug 13 (APP): Melody queen, Shabnam Majeed enthralled the
audience of twin cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad by her melodious voice in a musical night at Rawalpindi Arts Council (RAC) in connection with the Independence Day here on Sunday.
Fazal Jatt and young talent Maria Kanwal also received appreciation
while artist, Masood Khawaja anchored the Musical Night with amusement.
The singers put up a brilliant show while singing which spellbound the
audience for many hours.
Mayor Rawalpindi Sardar Naseem Khan, MPAs Raja Hanif Advocate, Malik
Iftikhar, Commissioner Rawalpindi Division Talat Mehmood Gondal, CPO Rawalpindi Israr Ahmed Abbasi, Naheed Manzoor and Resident Director Waqar Ahmed enjoyed the musical performance.
The musical night was started with performance of young blind singer
Maria Kanwal. Fazal Jutt performed on folk stories, written centuries ago by saints of the Sub – continent to promote the message of love and harmony among the masses.
RONKONKOMA, N.Y. (AP) — Officials on Long Island are offering a reward for information leading to the person or people responsible for dumping 27 rabbits by a Suffolk County train station.
The Suffolk County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals says it was notified on Sunday that a number of domestic rabbits were in the vicinity of the Ronkonkoma train station.
The SPCA and other animal welfare groups captured the bunnies, which don't have the skills to live in the wild on their own.
There is a $3,500 reward being offered.
Springfield Mayor Domenic J. Sarno called on the Springfield Museums and Dr. Seuss Enterprises to keep a mural at The Amazing World of Dr. Seuss Museum despite complaints from three children's authors that it includes a "jarring racial stereotype."
"You can't have it both ways - one week we are proudly waving our Dr. Seuss flag and now an 'about-face'," Sarno said. "I do not agree with the decision rendered. We should not have acquiesced to these authors' demands ... I would ask Dr. Seuss Enterprises and our museums to reconsider their decision."
The mayor added, "This is political correctness at its worst, and this is what is wrong with our country. We have extreme fringe groups on both the right and the left dictating an agenda to divide instead of working together towards the betterment of our country. We as a city, state, nation and world have more important 'life and death' issues to deal with and resolve."
A trio of children's authors declined to take part in the Springfield Children's Literature Festival at the museum because of the mural, which they described as "deeply hurtful."
As a result, Dr. Seuss Enterprises and the Springfield Museums announced on Thursday night that they will remove the Mulberry Street artwork from the museum.
The character in question in the "And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street" mural was described by Geisel in the 1937 book as "a Chinese boy who eats with sticks."
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Mercedes-Benz revealed the new A-Class Tuesday ahead of a debut on Wednesday at the 2018 Beijing auto show. The version shown, known as the A-Class L, has been developed specifically for the Chinese market.
An A-Class sedan for the rest of the world will be revealed shortly. It's expected to reach showrooms in the United States this fall as a 2019 model, and when it arrives it should become the Three-Pointed Star's new entry-level option due to an expected starting price of about $30k.
2019 Mercedes-Benz A-Class L Enlarge Photo
The A-Class sedan is the second of eight body styles planned for Mercedes' new generation of compacts, the first being the A-Class hatchback revealed in February. And despite the addition of the A-Class sedan, Mercedes is planning a repeat of its coupe-like CLA. This model should bow sometime next year.
Underpinning Mercedes' new compacts is an updated version of the MFA (Modular Front-drive Architecture) platform used for the outgoing generation. Referred to as MFA2, the updated platform brings weight savings plus the capacity for alternative drivetrains.
Compared to the A-Class hatch, the A-Class L sedan has a slightly longer wheelbase: 109.8 inches instead of 107.44. It also sports a Chinese market-specific turbocharged inline-4 engine displacing just 1.33 liters and offering up to 163 horsepower. A turbocharged 2.0-liter mill with 190 hp will be offered later. A 7-speed dual-clutch transmission is standard across the range. The trunk space meanwhile is about 14.8 cubic feet.
2019 Mercedes-Benz A-Class L Enlarge Photo
The standard powertrain in the U.S. should be a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 delivering about 224 horsepower to the front wheels via a 7-speed dual-clutch transmission. All-wheel drive will be available and standard on high-performance models from AMG. This time there is expected to be both 35 and 45 series from AMG, with the latter likely to deliver more than 400 hp.
The MFA2-based cars also benefit from a much more advanced interface. Dubbed MBUX, short for Mercedes-Benz User Experience, the new interface features digital screens for the instrument cluster and infotainment system, much like on the pricier E-Class and S-Class models. However, there's also touch capability for the infotainment screen and you'll also be able to use natural speech to control many vehicle functions.
Mercedes is also using the Beijing auto show for the debut of its Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury concept, which is thought to preview the next-generation GLS. For more from the show, head to our dedicated hub.
Dr Huma Baqai
CREATING a shared future in a fractured world was the theme of the World Economic Forum which was held on January 25th, 2018 at Davos, Switzerland. The positive thing about Pakistan was that the view put forward was not fractured. Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi and Mr. Bilawal Bhutto, the two protagonist from Pakistan's side, complimented each other and put forward their best foot to enhance Pakistan's image. Bilawal was at his best in the panel discussion and also when he spoke to the Indian media. Actually after a very long time, Pakistan's narrative was put forward in a convincing fashion. His video clip with the Indian journalist went viral in Pakistan and India. It was appreciated by friends and foes alike. Mr. Bilawal Bhutto took a clear position on the role of Pakistan's military and this time it was accepted.
His participation in the BBC World debate, Davos, with renowned names such as Joseph Kahn, Managing Editor of New York Times; Anna Belkina, Deputy Editor-in-Chief of RT; and Jimmy Wales, Co-Founder of Wikipedia, was well received. The panel discussion was moderated by BBC's Zeinab Badawi; it deconstructed the very real challenge that fake news and disinformation pose to democracies. Bilawal was also the only Pakistani invited to the young global leaders' dinner hosted by Børge Brende, President of WEF, and Jared Cohen, the CEO of Jigsaw. He met with other high-profile guests, including Jared Kushner, Prince Hussein bin Abdullah of Jordan and Haakun Magnus, Crown Prince of Norway.
A senior Chinese diplomat endorsed the views of PM Abbasi at the Pakistan breakfast which was also attended by Bilawal and Ms. Sherry Rehman. Bilawal's presence was both appreciated and acknowledged by the Prime Minister. In fact, Sherry Rehman was asked to respond to a question by the Prime Minister. This cordial atmosphere was a breath of fresh air after what is the norm in the country when the opposition and treasury interacts in public. What is also heartening for Pakistan was that one of the best attended speeches at the forum was that of Liu Hu, a member of China's ruling Politburo, who promoted the One Belt and Road initiative. The participants were of the view that the Chinese initiative had started rivaling American-led international institution. The China's One Belt Road is the new WTO – like it or not, said Joe Kaeser, Chief Executive of Siemens. PM Shahid Khaqan Abbasi also in his session titled “The Belt and Road Impact” at the World Economic Forum said, results from China-Pakistan Economic Corridor were already starting to show. CPEC is about developing infrastructure, power plants, airports, seaports, highways and Special Economic Zones for export growth. Sharing the results of the over $ 56 billion CPEC, Abbasi said, the cement industry has grown by 56 percent, while exports are up by15 percent, adding that the project has resulted in the creation of “greater investor confidence.”
Last but not the least, I want to put in a word about the Pakistan Pavilion and Pakistan breakfast in Davos, hosted by Ikram Sehgal, Director Pathfinder Group and Mr. Jawed Akhai, Chairman Martin Dow. It was a private initiative which went a long way in putting forward Pakistan's point of view and its soft image at the global forum. The Pakistan Pavilion had been set up at Panorama, a local hotel. The Pakistan Pavilion is joint venture of Pakistan's Pathfinder Group and Martin Dow Group in association with the Swiss-Asian Chamber of Commerce. Among the guests was Rana Fawad, Chairman of the Lahore Qalender and MD of a Qatar based oil company. Europeans and Asians had come to see what Pakistan offers and there cannot be better place than the prime gathering of global elites, said Rana Fawad. Khawar Rafiq, Chief Executive Officer of the Rafiq Engineering Industries, said that ignoring Davos gathering is not an option. He said that the Pakistan Pavilion is the first step to make the country's presence felt.
This experimental initiative was a walk-in affair where Pakistani entrepreneurs/officials in IT media, Financial Services (including microfinance and financial inclusion), philanthropy, etc. were available to interact with international investors, experts and officials. On both the days, speakers from Pakistan spoke about Pakistan's economy, gender empowerment, law and order situation, etc. Dr Ishrat Husain spoke about the challenges and the opportunities in Pakistan. At a dinner at the Schatzalp among those who spoke were Shabbar Zaidi of Ferguson, Dr Daniel Ritz of PTCL, Jerry Torres of AES Torres (USA), James Rubin former US Press Secretary to the President, Dr Marc Siegel of California (USA), Sidra Iqbal, Aamer Mahmood of CPNE, Ambassador Zamir Akram, SPD, Jawed Akhai and Zarrar and myself. Among those who braved the cold were Saifuddin Zoomkawala, Editor Business Recorder, Wamiq A. Zuberi and Fawad Rana.
More such initiatives should be taken, Pakistan business community definitely has the capacity to do it. The visibility of Pakistan next year should be many folds if the headline this year of New York Times article “At Davos, the Real Star May have been China, Not Trump” is true. The article also mentioned the Pakistan breakfast at Davos several times. The Pakistan Education activist Malala Yousuf Zai was also the face of Pakistan at the forum. When asked about her plans for the future, she categorically said, “I hope that I can go back to Pakistan some time and see my country.” I hope we can wake up to a Pakistan, that Malala can come back to and Pakistan celebrates her coming back.
— The writer is Associate Professor, Dept of Social Sciences & Liberal Arts at IBA Karachi.
Ad-industry veteran Greg Glenday has departed Shazam Entertainment, the content-identification company recently acquired by Apple, to join shopping-mall advertising network Adspace as CEO.
About Adspace, based in New York, operates a network that displays videos ads in 300-plus shopping malls across the U.S. The company's long-time CEO, Dominick Porco, left in 2015 and is currently chairman and CEO of out-of-home advertising firm Impax Media.
Prior to joining Adspace, Glenday was chief revenue officer of Shazam and was part of the team that negotiated the company's sale to Apple. Apple announced the acquisition of Shazam last December, in a deal reportedly worth $400 million; the European Union has since launched an investigation into whether the is anticompetitive.
Before joining Shazam in December 2015, Glenday was CRO at Undertone, a digital advertising firm that was acquired Perion Network and prior to that spent nearly 20 years at iHeartMedia (formerly Clear Channel), most recently as president of the company's cross-platform advertising division.
“We are thrilled to have someone of Greg's success and stature join our company,” Peter Krieger, Adspace's president/COO, said in announcing Glenday's hiring. “He sees the great potential for connected, video-based players like Adspace to play an increasingly important role in the larger digital ecosystem.”
Privately held Adspace, founded in 1998, is backed by investors including the Walnut Group, AIG Investments and DCM Ventures.
LONDON, Jul 4 (APP):Pakistan High Commission London hosted the Chevening Scholars at a reception on Tuesday.
The group comprised students from both public and private sectors of Pakistan.
According to a statement of the Pakistan High Commission issued here
said Syed Ibne Abbas, Pakistan High Commissioner to the UK welcomed the students.
He felicitated the students on the award of prestigious Chevening scholarship.
The High Commissioner stated that Chevening scholars play an important role in
bringing our two countries closer and build bridges between the people of both the countries.
The High Commissioner urged the students to benefit from the enriching academic
experience in Britain and then use the acquired knowledge and expertise for the progress
and development of Pakistan.
The High Commissioner also briefed the students about Pakistani diaspora and their
achievements in various walks of life in the UK.
He also highlighted the post Brexit opportunities for Pakistan.
The students on the occasion, shared their diverse experiences as well as academic
and professional backgrounds with the High Commissioner and officers.
They also learnt more about the role and functioning of the Mission.
This year 63 Pakistani scholars and fellows are going to complete their degrees under
the Chevening Scholarship Programme.
US actress Scarlett Johansson will play a transgender man in her next film but has come under fire for her choice. Picture: AFP Photo / Jean-Baptiste Lacroix
US actress Scarlett Johansson will play a transgender man in her next film but has come under fire for her choice. Picture: AFP Photo / Jean-Baptiste Lacroix
SCARLETT Johansson is no stranger to accusations of cultural appropriation, having played a "whitewashed" Asian character in the movie flop .
Now she's under fire again - this time for gender appropriation - with her decision to be cast as a transgender man in the mob movie, Rub & Tug.
Scarlett Johansson has responded to backlash over her decision to play a transgender character in her latest film. Picture: Getty Images
When faced with criticism which went viral on social media, Johansson, 33, responded via a representative to online magazine Bustle with the statement: "Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment" - referring to the fact that those actors are cisgender and have played transgender characters, and received awards and critical acclaim for their portrayals.
Scarlett Johansson has supported social justice equality movements but has dismissed criticism about her transgender film role. Picture: Andrew Toth/Getty Images
In the film Rub & Tug, Johansson will potentially portray a massage parlour owner named Dante "Tex" Gill, who - according to Vulture - is a "transmasculine crime boss".
However, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette calls the real-life Gill a lesbian "who dressed like a man in suits and ties, wore short hair and sideburns and preferred to be called 'Mr. Gill.'"
According to differing reports, it is ambiguous whether or not the real-life Gill had actually undergone gender reassignment surgery or just "passed" as male in life.
Scarlett Johansson has lent her support to feminist causes but has alienated some gender activists with her decision to play a transgender character. Picture: Chelsea Guglielmino/Getty Images)
If Gill was indeed transgender it will be problematic for Johansson to portray a transman when she identifies as a cisgender woman. Already, Twitter users are torpedoing the film with criticism before it has even begun.
Whereas there is a long tradition of cisgender actors playing trans characters to critical acclaim, the paradigm has shifted in recent years with the transgender movement increasing awareness and visibility of gender-authentic casting.
Transamerica, which earned Feclicity Huffman an Oscar nomination for Best Actress, was made in 2005-years before the transgender rights movement reached its "tipping point" through the work of actor-activists such as Laverne Cox.
Now, some compare cross-gender casting to the antiquated tradition of "blackface".
Others feel that Johansson seems tone deaf or out of touch with today's identity politics and social justice movements by even mentioning Jeffrey Tambor as an acting role model after the Transparent actor was fired for inappropriately touching his transgender castmate.
Or is Johansson just another mainstream Hollywood star with a pattern of appropriating minority identities for her own artistic goals?
Ghost in the Shell, which was a box office disappointment, was directed by Rupert Sanders, who will also direct Rub & Tug.
It remains to be seen whether Sanders and his star will authentically address the concerns around gender representation that social media users have raised.
However, there may be a bigger problem ahead for Johansson who does not bear any physical resemblance at all to Gill, leaving some to wonder how she will make the physical transformation for the role - gender aside.
Whether binged over a few sittings or watched on a weekly basis, television has the ability to transport a viewer back in time in ways other media cannot. Programs set in different eras can often say something about our current political climate or offer audiences an escape to what was many remember as happier times. The former is actually part of the creative magic that helped turned “Stranger Things” into a cultural phenomenon almost a year ago.
The Netflix series was directly inspired by ‘80s movies and plays on the familiar conspiratorial theme of a group of young kids who get caught up in some otherworldly events at a local government research facility. As the program's co-creator Ross Duffer points out that setting proved to be a comforting nostalgia trip for many.
“When people look back at their childhood or their youth they look at it through sort of guilt where is seems like those were easier times or happier times,” Ross Duffer says. “So, I think there is a sense of it bringing people back to those times where maybe things felt a little simpler.”
NBC's hit drama “This Is Us” is another series with its foot partially planted in the 80's, as well as the decade prior, and that provides a consistent stream of warm fuzzies for viewers. Chronicling the lives of the Pearson family in multiple eras, creator Dan Fogelman is pleased that regardless of the timeline viewers seem to be relating to these “American “ characters in both “liberal and conservative areas.”
“It's about good, decent, people who, yes, make loads of mistakes but are never ill-intentioned bad guys,” Fogelman says. “If anything I'm hopeful that the fact that people all over the country are relating to these type of characters, and this type of family. It gives me hope that there are more good people out there in this country than we give ourselves credit for. But who the hell knows.”
FX's “The Americans,” yet another series set in the 1980's, and Netflix's “The Crown,” whose first season begins in 1947, inform contemporary events by spotlighting similar incidents in our not so distant history. That's also the case with WGN's “Underground,” a drama set a few years before the Civil War that tells the story of the men and women who fought to free the slaves through both political and physical means.
There have always been movies about slaves, but co-creator Joe Pokaski says the idea behind “Underground” was “to tell the story of people rising up” and the actions of those rebels can educate viewers about what's happening in today's society.
“I think there's a continuity from the horrible things in our past to right now,” Polaski says. “We touched very lightly on the Know-Nothing Party which was basically racists and nationalists who were called that because they know nothing about that. And you can draw a straight line from that to Pepe the Frog. It's hard to avoid all the continuity between all the horrible things we did back then and the things we're still doing now.”
“Underground” co-creator and showrunner Misha Green feels that much of what they have chronicles over the series first two seasons has been brought to light by the results of the election.
“I think that a lot of what is going on in this country, and what's insidious and wrong about this country started, you know, in [our show's] time period,” Green says. “So, I think we were seeing the parallels and the connections even before the election.”
Television at its core, however, is a form of escapism and for “Stranger Things” other Duffer brother, Matt, it's that feeling of wistfulness that has many viewers so enraptured many shows set in this era.
“The best movie experiences I've ever had, I had when we were kids watching a lot of these films on VHS and I think that a lot of people had that same experience,” Matt says. “So, I think that for some people, watching the show makes them remember that feeling they had when they watched, you know, ‘E.T.' for the first time. Even if it's just a fraction of that feeling, I think that there is a lot of power in that.”
It wasn't too far into the 2016-17 NHL season before Scott Moore was confident hockey ratings would take a turn for the better for Rogers and Sportsnet.“After Auston Matthews' third goal,” said Moore, the president of Sportsnet and NHL Properties at Rogers Media. “I didn't want to put too much emphasis on that first night, but it was like somebody turned the light on.”Matthews scored an eye-popping four goals in the season opener, with his third coming 1:25 into the second period of his first game. The Leafs, the league and Rogers — which was entering the third year of a 12-year deal as Canada's national hockey broadcaster — had a star on their hands. The world's biggest market was reborn. Not just because of Matthews but because of a slate of impressive rookies, including fellow forwards Mitch Marner and William Nylander. There were similar re-awakenings in Edmonton, with a new arena and a healthy and determined Connor McDavid, and in Montreal, with goaltender Carey Price back. Calgary and Ottawa were good, too.If there was a disappointing moment for Moore, it was that the Stanley Cup ended in six games. Article Continued Below“There was no Game 7,” Moore said. “Overall, I would say, we're very pleased with the year. Over the course of a 12-year deal, there will be ups and downs. This year is up for sure.”Hockey Night in Canada's ratings were up 11 per cent from the 2015-16 season to an average audience of 1.8 million viewers for the 7 p.m. game, and up six per cent (560,000 viewers) for the late game. Sunday's Hometown Hockey was up 22 per cent (511,000 viewers). And Sportsnet's regional Leafs broadcasts were up 32 per cent, to an average audience of 511,000. That gets them back to roughly where they were in 2014-15. TSN's Leafs broadcasts were up 20 per cent.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba/CHICAGO (Reuters) - Chicago's iconic sandwiches - Italian beef heroes dripping with gravy, and hot dogs loaded with pickles and hot peppers - wouldn't be such culinary institutions without the bread.
An employee checks on a dough during the production process at the Gonnella Baking Company in Aurora, Illinois, U.S., November 16, 2017. REUTERS/Kamil Krzaczynski
But this fall, bakers faced a crisis getting the right kind of bread to delis and sandwich shops locally and across the United States.
Gonnella Baking Co - which supplies the buns to Major League Baseball's Wrigley Field - faced an unusual problem in October when flour from this year's U.S. wheat harvest arrived at their factories containing low levels of protein.
That meant bakers couldn't produce bread with the airy texture customers demand, setting off two weeks of tinkering with temperatures and the mixing process, and the eventual purchase of gluten as an additive. By the time the alchemy was done, Gonnella had thrown away more than $20,000 worth of substandard bread and buns, said president Ron Lucchesi.
“That really was a headache,” Lucchesi said.
The problem spans the $23 billion (£17.2 billion) U.S. bread market and highlights a paradox in the global wheat trade. Despite a worldwide grains glut, high-protein hard wheat is scarce after two years of poor U.S. harvests. The shortage hurts bakers and millers who prize high-protein wheat, along with the farmers who grow it.
(GRAPHIC - Dwindling wheat crops in the United States: tmsnrt.rs/2zXkpR6)
Wholesale bakers such as Grupo Bimbo, Flowers Foods Inc and Campbell Soup Co's Pepperidge Farms are feeling the squeeze on margins, said Stephen Nicholson, senior grains and oilseeds analyst with Rabobank. All three companies have seen their stock prices fall over the last two years, a period when the benchmark S&P 500 index gained more than 26 percent.
Millers such as Archer Daniels Midland Co, Ardent Mills, General Mills Inc have been able to pass on much of their higher wheat costs in sales of flour to bakers, he added. But bakers have not been able to pass those costs to grocers, who have been unwilling to pay higher prices because of increased competition and price deflation.
Global wheat inventories have risen to record-high levels due in part to heavy production from Russia. Meanwhile, U.S. per capita consumption of wheat flour in 2016 fell to its lowest level in nearly three decades, and U.S. farmers planted their smallest winter wheat crop in more than a century.
“It's a low-margin, pennies business, but now you've got even more disruption,” said Robb MacKie, CEO of the American Bakers Association.
Ardent Mills - a joint venture of Cargill Inc, CHS Inc and ConAgra Foods - is finding enough high-protein wheat but also incurring higher costs, said Buck VanNiejenhuis, Ardent's general manager in Canada. ADM faces a similar situation, said Aaron Brown, its manager for Canadian origination and exports.
Campbell Soup declined to comment, but the company said in August that it expected costs to rise by two to three percent in 2018. Representatives for General Mills and Grupo Bimbo's U.S. bakery division declined to comment. Flowers Foods did not respond to requests for comment.
SHRINKING PROFITS, FEWER ACRES
Two years of heavy spring rains in Kansas, the largest producer of hard winter wheat, have sapped the protein levels of a crop that thrives in arid conditions.
Hard winter wheat makes up about 40 percent of the $10 billion U.S. wheat crop, which peaked in value at $17.4 billion in 2012 amid higher prices and plantings.
Total wheat plantings in Kansas fell this year to 7.6 million acres. That's down from 9.4 million acres in 2012 and represents the second-smallest planting since the U.S. Department of Agriculture started keeping records in 1919.
Kansas farmers have seen their returns steadily diminish, with some incurring losses. Farmers received an average of $3.20 per bushel for the 2016 harvest, down from $6.07 two years before. Data for the 2017 harvest is not yet available.
Further north, farmers have been selling high-protein spring wheat for a premium due to tight supply. Protein premiums in Manitoba, the Canadian province, have reached their highest levels in at least five years.
Farmer Dan Mazier, located near Justice, Manitoba, sold his high-protein wheat for delivery next spring to squeeze out the highest price.
“If you have high-protein wheat, you're in the driver's seat,” he said.
Last spring, as the rains poured down in Kansas, that state's Stafford County Flour Mills stockpiled as much high-protein wheat as it could find in anticipation of a substandard wheat crop. The protein level of the latest wheat harvest was “the lowest I've seen,” said general manager Reuel Foote.
He said the company bought 600,000 bushels of high-protein wheat - more than a quarter of its total wheat purchases - at a premium of 75 cents to $1 a bushel.
GLUTEN FEE
The additional gluten that some millers and bakers are using to compensate for the wheat's low protein content comes at a cost. Gonnella paid up to 20 percent more for gluten than usual because of the surge in demand, Lucchesi said.
But bakers can't necessarily charge retail outlets more to make up those costs. Bread lacks the consumer loyalty of other food staples, such as meat and fruit, and sales would likely slide if grocers raised prices, said Sylvain Charlebois, professor of food distribution and policy at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Export markets are also affected. The limited amount of high-protein wheat available has caused the market to ration demand, maintaining shipments to countries willing to pay a premium, such as Japan, and sending less than usual to price-sensitive markets such as Mexico, said Rhyl Doyle, a wheat trader at Winnipeg-based Paterson Grain.
Some bakers are tapping a protein pipeline to farms. Warburton's, the largest bakery in the United Kingdom, buys flour from mills that is made from wheat grown to the bakery's specifications in a dedicated supply system.
Others, though, are counting on a drier spring than the last two years. A third straight low-protein crop would leave millers hard-pressed to scrounge up enough supply to meet blending needs, said Foote, of Stafford County Flour Mills.
“If next year's crop is low like this, we'll have a problem,” he said.
The Souther Baptist denomination was formed in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders and has been trying to overcome its racist history. (Photo: Matt York / AP)
Phoenix — Southern Baptists on Wednesday formally condemned the political movement known as the “alt-right,” in a national meeting that was thrown into turmoil after leaders initially refused to take up the issue.
The denomination's annual convention in Phoenix voted to “decry every form of racism, including alt-right white supremacy as antithetical to the Gospel of Jesus Christ” and “denounce and repudiate white supremacy and every form of racial and ethnic hatred as a scheme of the devil.”
Tuesday night, Southern Baptist officials who oversaw the resolutions had refused to introduce a different repudiation of the “alt-right,” which emerged dramatically during the U.S. presidential election, mixing racism, white nationalism and populism.
Barrett Duke, who leads the resolutions committee, had said the original document contained inflammatory and broad language “potentially implicating” conservatives who do not support the “alt-right” movement.
Introducing the new statement Wednesday, Duke apologized “for the pain and confusion that we created,” but said the committee had been concerned about potentially giving the appearance of hating their enemies. Duke said the committee members “share your abhorrence of racism” and were grateful for the chance to “speak on ‘alt-right' racism in particular and all racism in general.”
The resolution was adopted after a short but emotional discussion.
“We are saying that white supremacy and racist ideologies are dangerous because they oppress our brothers and sisters in Christ,” said the Rev. Russell Moore, who leads the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, the Southern Baptist public policy arm. “If we're a Jesus people, let's stand where Jesus stands.”
Charles Hedman of Capitol Hill Baptist Church in South Bend, Indiana, said far-right groups had been distributing racist material outside the convention hall Tuesday night. He said some pastors had told him they would have to leave the denomination if the convention failed to denounce white supremacy Wednesday.
“We must stand strong,” Hedman said. “We must all issue an apology that we didn't act on this yesterday.”
The initial proposal that Southern Baptists originally rejected came from a prominent black Southern Baptist pastor, the Rev. William McKissic of Arlington, Texas. His resolution repudiated “retrograde ideologies, xenophobic biases and racial bigotries of the ‘alt-right' that seek to subvert our government.”
After McKissic made an unsuccessful plea for reconsideration from the floor of the Phoenix meeting late Tuesday, pressure began building at the convention for the Southern Baptists to say something.
Several Southern Baptists were panicked, contending that silence would be misinterpreted as support for white supremacy. The denomination was formed in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders and has been trying to overcome its racist history.
A late-night call went out for convention participants to return to the assembly hall, where Steve Gaines, the president of the Southern Baptist Convention, won approval to consider a new resolution on the topic Wednesday.
“It shows we're willing to bring issues to the floor, real issues,” said Mark Croston, national director of black church partnerships for the Southern Baptist-affiliated Lifeway Christian Resources. “We're not intimidated or afraid to speak out, even though it brings up dirty laundry from the past.”
The Southern Baptist Convention, based in Nashville, is the largest Protestant denomination in the country, although its membership has been shrinking, most recently dropping to 15.2 million members.
Leaders have been trying to diversify, repeatedly condemning racism in formal resolutions from past meetings, rejecting display of the Confederate flag and electing more black officers. As of 2014, the denomination was about 85 percent white, according to the Pew Research Center.
The vote also underscored ongoing tensions among Southern Baptists whether Donald Trump, a thrice-married casino and real estate mogul, was morally fit to be president. Several prominent Southern Baptists were advisers to Trump's campaign and remain steadfast supporters.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2srgy9S
REUTERS - Hundreds of white marchers with blazing torches clashed briefly with counterprotesters on the Charlottesville campus of the University of Virginia on Friday, the eve of a rally planned by thousands of white nationalists, media said.
The events highlight a persistent debate in the U.S. South over the display of the Confederate battle flag and other symbols of the rebel side in the Civil War, fought over the issue of slavery.
The marchers chanted as made their way from Nameless Field through the sprawling campus to the school's Thomas Jefferson statue, where they were met by counterprotesters, an affiliate of NBC news said.
Both groups threw punches and pushed each other as police arrived to break up the clash. A chemical irritant was sprayed into the crowd, NBC29.com reported.
At least one person was arrested and several on campus were treated for minor injuries, the Daily Progress newspaper said.
"I am beyond disgusted by this unsanctioned and despicable display of visual intimidation on a college campus," Mayor Mike Singer said in a statement.
The clash came the night before an estimated 2,000 to 6,000 people were to attend a United the Right rally to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from a public park on Saturday.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe has said extremist groups have threatened to try and attack rally participants, to express opposition to the statue's removal.
White nationalists carry torches around a statue of Thomas Jefferson on the grounds of the University of Virginia, on the eve of a planned Unite The Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S. August 11, 2017. Alejandro Alvarez/News2Share via REUTERS
The National Guard is on standby, with Virginia State Police coordinating security in the city of 45,000, the governor said in a statement.
"I want to urge my fellow Virginians, who may consider joining, either in support or opposition to the planned rally, to make alternative plans," McAuliffe said.
The rally also aimed to protest against Charlottesville's decision to rename downtown Lee Park, now called Emancipation Park, besides the statue removal.
White nationalists carry torches on the grounds of the University of Virginia, on the eve of a planned Unite The Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S. August 11, 2017. Alejandro Alvarez/News2Share via REUTERS
Supporters call such statues racially insensitive, while opponents say Confederate symbols honor Southern heritage, and calls to remove them reflect "empty political correctness."
Lee was a symbol for white people threatened by immigration and "ethnic cleansing," rally organizer and freelance journalist Jason Kessler said in an interview with Pennsylvania's WHLM radio on Thursday.
City officials had planned to move the event to a larger park beyond downtown, citing safety concerns at the 1-acre (0.4 hectare) Emancipation Park.
Kessler sued the city, and on Friday night a federal court sided with him. In a subsequent posting on social network Twitter, Kessler said the rally would be held at the downtown park.
Mimi Arbeit, an organizer of the planned counter-protests, rejected Kessler's argument that the rally was about freedom of speech.
"Fascism functions by using the institutions of a democracy towards its own ends," she said by telephone.
Glen Rice Jr. has been arrested again, this time following a brawl at a strip club. According to local radio host Andy Slater, Rice was at Tootsie's Cabaret – which The Miami Herald describes as a “Costco-sized gentlemen's club” – early Tuesday morning when he became unhappy with the service. (Possibly because they ran out of free samples. Get it? Costco? Eh?) Via Slater Scoops:
Police say a bouncer tried to calm Rice down and offered for him to speak to the club's manager. Rice declined and somehow the situation escalated. At that point, Rice allegedly punched the bouncer in the face twice. Rice claims he was set off because the bouncer said something about his sister. According to a written statement to police, the bouncer said Rice “demanded that he respected his sister, then punched him in his face.”
Rice was charged with battery and was released from jail on Tuesday afternoon after his bond was paid. Rice was both shot and arrested for possession of marijuana in 2015. Last year he was arrested for robbery and possession. Rice appeared in 16 NBA games in two seasons before being waived by the Washington Wizards in January 2015.
An F-35 flight simulator sits dormant during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 15, 2017. The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness. The simulators increase safety, proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID: 3166483 VIRIN: 170215-M-ON157-0023 Resolution: 5649x3766 Size: 12.74 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 3 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Local media gains new insight [Image 1 of 17], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
ESPN Broncos reporter Jeff Legwold looks at Gary Kubiak's legacy with the team, including his being part of all three Super Bowl titles in Broncos' history. (2:01)
Gary Kubiak has stepped down as the head coach of the Denver Broncos, the team announced Monday morning.
The announcement comes a day after Kubiak told his team he was stepping down for health reasons following the Broncos' 24-6 victory over the Oakland Raiders on Sunday.
Editor's Picks Broncos' gutty win painful reminder of season that got away The Broncos sent Gary Kubiak out the way they wanted to, but they also reminded themselves with an easy victory how different 2016 could have been.
Kyle Shanahan among possible candidates for Broncos' job In his third search for a head coach, John Elway likely will consider some familiar names, including Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan.
Tracking every NFL head-coaching change Here's everything you need to know about the head-coach openings throughout the NFL. 2 Related
"As I told our team last night, this is an extremely difficult decision to step down as head coach," Kubiak said in a statement released Monday morning. "I love to work and I love football, but ultimately the demands of the job are no longer a good fit for me.
"I gave everything I had to this team the last two seasons, but this year, in particular, has been tough on me. As hard as it is to leave this position, I know that it's the best thing for myself, my family and the Denver Broncos."
Kubiak had told a small, tight-knit group of team officials of his decision earlier in the week, but he did not tell the players or the coaching staff until after Sunday's regular-season finale.
"When Gary informed me of his decision to step down as head coach, I was obviously saddened and disappointed," said Broncos executive vice president of football operations John Elway. "But I understand and respect Gary for doing what's right for him as well as his family.
"From the time he was hired as head coach, Gary worked to get the most out of the players to push this team over the top. He gave everything he had, and we won a lot of games along the way. The way Gary led the team and managed a challenging situation during our Super Bowl run was one of the best coaching jobs I've ever seen."
After Sunday's game, many players lined up to hug Kubiak as he went around the locker room.
"It's definitely sad to see him go -- we won the Super Bowl with him," cornerback Chris Harris Jr. said Sunday. "It's just sad to see him go."
Kubiak has spent 22 years with the Broncos, including his nine years as a player, 11 years as the offensive coordinator on Mike Shanahan's staff and the past two seasons as head coach. Kubiak went 21-11 in those two seasons with a win in Super Bowl 50 in February 2016.
Kubiak has been on the team's coaching staff for all three of the franchise's Super Bowl wins. He held back his plans all through the week, and players and coaches arriving before Sunday's game against the Raiders said Kubiak had not let on in the team meeting Saturday night.
"Although we fell short of our goals this year, I'm proud of our teams these past two seasons," Kubiak said Monday. "Helping to bring [team owner] Mr. [Pat] Bowlen, his family and this organization its third Super Bowl is something that will always be very special to me."
The Broncos were 7-3 at their bye week this season but lost a Week 12 game to the Kansas City Chiefs as they went 2-4 down the stretch to miss the playoffs for the first time since 2010.
"The first thing I really thought about ... if it was true, it was probably his health," Broncos wide receiver Demaryius Thomas said Sunday. "He had some issues this year, but it was an emotional moment."
Kubiak had spent a night in the hospital after the Broncos' Oct. 9 loss to the Atlanta Falcons and left the stadium that night in an ambulance. He was diagnosed with a "complex migraine condition" and was away from the team for a week after his hospital stay and did not coach the team in its Oct. 13 game in San Diego.
Kubiak has said multiple times since then that he was trying to improve his sleep habits and has consistently deflected health questions in the weeks that followed.
He also suffered what was called a "mini-stroke" in 2014 when he was coach of the Houston Texans.
Even as recently as Friday, Kubiak was asked about his plans for next season and acted as if he felt good enough to coach in 2017, but he stopped short of definitively saying he would do it.
"Why, do I look bad?" Kubiak said Friday with a smile when asked about the 2017 season. "You guys know, I love this league, I love the Broncos, I love the work. I'm all-in on the Raiders right now. There will be time for reflection and all that stuff next week."
As the clock wound down in Sunday's game, the crowd inside the stadium chanted "Ga-ry, Ga-ry" over and over. He has been a popular figure with the team as a player, a trusted assistant and a championship-winning coach.
Information from ESPN's Jeff Legwold was used in this report.
Honda is extending its courtship of startups through its Xcelerator program with a new partnership announced Wednesday with DRIVE, a new startup hub in Tel Aviv, Israel that focuses specifically on smart mobility tech, including transportation and automotive solutions. The partnership will see Honda's Silicon Valley Lab work directly with the DRIVE center, offering “expertise, funding and rapid prototyping opportunities” to some of the facility's companies, with the understanding that in future these could “evolve into additional business relationships.”
Honda isn't the only partner on board for the new DRIVE center initiative – also joining as sponsors are Hertz Rent a Car and Volvo, among others. The launch of the facility by Mayer Group comes at a perfect moment in time in terms of capitalizing on the growing interest in the tech sector around not only automotive innovation, but also urban transit and automated transportation in general.
Honda has been keen to work with the startup community, and has used those partnerships to drive actual product development. In a tie-up with startup VocalZoom, Honda debuted a concept demo at CES this year that use optical sensors to offer better voice recognition – these sensors watch a speaker's face to supplement data gathered by microphones.
Partnering with, and fostering promising startups is a smart strategy, and one that Honda's global head of R&D activities Yoshiyuki Matsumoto told me at CES in January is part of the company's overall approach to finding the best solution to any problem, whether that be through internal sourcing, external partnership or acquisition.
Featured Image: Honda
LONDON, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Manchester City beat Manchester United 2-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday to stretch their Premier League lead to 11 points while Liverpool and Everton drew 1-1 in a snowswept Merseyside derby at Anfield.
City's victory marked the first time a team have won 14 consecutive English top-flight games in the same season and ended United's run of 40 home games unbeaten in all competitions.
Pep Guardiola's side took the lead in the 43rd minute through David Silva but poor defending allowed United to hit back immediately with Marcus Rashford grabbing an equaliser before the break.
Nicolas Otamendi volleyed in the winner on the half-turn nine minutes into the second half.
City now have 46 points from 16 games, with United staying second on 35.
Champions Chelsea, who lost 1-0 at relegation-threatened West Ham United on Saturday, are third on 32 points with Liverpool squandering a chance to overtake them and staying fourth on 30.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp fumed after his side's draw, with Everton's former England captain Wayne Rooney equalising from the penalty spot after a sensational first-half goal by Mohamed Salah.
Salah's 42nd-minute stunner sent the Egyptian clear of Tottenham Hotspur's England striker Harry Kane as the league's top marksman with 13 goals.
Rooney's goal was his first in a Merseyside derby, a match he last featured in almost 14 years ago.
“It's always nice scoring against Liverpool, whoever you're playing for,” he said.
In the day's early match, Southampton and Arsenal also drew 1-1 with Charlie Austin putting the hosts ahead in the third minute at St Mary's and Olivier Giroud heading in a late equaliser after coming on as a second-half substitute. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Clare Fallon)
Staff Reporter
Karachi
Four ships, MSC Tiger, Du Juon Song, Serene Juniper and Al-Oraiq carrying containers, General cargo coal and LNG were arranged berthing at Qasim International Container Terminal, Multi-Purpose Terminal and Engro Elengy Terminal respectively on Sunday. Meanwhile six more ships carrying containers, project cargo coal LPG and LNG also arrived at outer anchorage of Port Qasim during last 24 hours. A total of nine ships namely, MSC Tiger, Safmarine Nyassa, Du Juan, Agri Princes, Vinallnes Brave, Serene Junjiper, Al- Oraiq, African Macow and Yu Fu are currently occupying PQA berths to load/offload Container, General Cargo, Soya Been Seeds, Coal and LPG Palm Kernel during last 24 hours. Cargo throughput during last 24 hours. stood at 137,944 tonnes, comprising 100,951 tonnes import cargo and 36,993 tonnes export cargo inclusive of containerized cargo carried in 2,380 containers (TEUs), (433 TEUs imports and 1,947 TEUs exports) was handled at the port.
Srinagar : In occupied Kashmir, the Chairman of All Parties Hurriyat Conference, Syed Ali Gilani has flayed the puppet authorities for closing private coaching centers, terming the decision as manifestation of egoistic approach of the puppet authorities.
According to Kashmir Media Service, Syed Ali Gilani in a statement issued in Srinagar said, the puppet administration is following the RSS agenda and this dictatorial order is aimed at ruining the future of our students. He said the authorities have failed to deliver any good, and their activities are aimed at pleasing their masters in New Delhi. “All the orders are being issued from Nagpur,” he said while referred to the RSS headquarters.
Syed Ali Gilani said, “It is ridiculous and shameful for these stooges to blame students for stone throwing. The diktat carries no sense. The authorities, while destroying all the sectors including business, education and economic activities are fomenting trouble and making situations explosive.”
Private coaching centres, he added, have contributed a lot in reforming the society while corruption and nepotism has been the hallmark of government-sponsored institutions.
Meanwhile, the Private Coaching Centres Association in Kashmir has decided to defy the puppet regime's ban on all tuition and coaching centres.
In a press conference in Srinagar, the Private Coaching Centres Association representatives made a detailed mention of the contribution of the centres and condemned the ban.
The move is, however, being viewed by some circles as an attempt to prevent students from anti-India protests, as they have repeatedly been protesting on streets against the rape and murder of a Muslim minor girl in Kathua district.
It is to mention here that the so-called minister for Education, Altaf Bukhari, during a meeting with bureaucrats had imposed the ban on private tuition centres on Sunday.
Orignally published by INP
IF TODAY IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: This year you experience a change in your luck! Before fall 2017, your emphasis will be on career and community involvement. You are likely to get a promotion and/or pay raise during this time. If you are single, you are very likely to meet someone of significance. Remember that mixing work with pleasure often leads to trouble, so think before you leap. If you are attached, you both will enjoy a mutual commitment. You will love being out and about as a couple. PISCES knows how to get information out of you.ARIES (March 21-April 19)You have more impact than you might realize. You will need to do some deep thinking before making an important decision. Don't hesitate to take the space you need to in order to process your thoughts. Let your imagination wander. Tonight: What a vanishing act!TAURUS (April 20-May 20)You might feel as if you have been left holding the bag, and this could indeed be the case. Your imagination knows no limits, which is excellent when solving problems. Others appreciate your ability to tap into your creativity at a moment's notice. Tonight: Where the fun is.Article Continued BelowGEMINI (May 21-June 20)Take charge, but be sure to listen to feedback you receive from a partner or someone else you care about. Your imagination will lead you down an intriguing path, but how well will this road serve you? You might be more magnetic than you realize. Tonight: Could be a late night.CANCER (June 21-July 22)
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
In a new series, Carine reviews the Fall 2017 collections in the form of an editorial using her seven favorite looks from the runway. First up is New York, where Raf Simons showed his acclaimed first collection for Calvin Klein, Yeezy took us by surprise with a fresh approach for Season 5, and Proenza Schouler went for one final bow before heading to Paris. Here, find our very first take on Fall, photographed straight from the runway.
Makeup Grace Ahn, hair David Colvin JR., manicure Mei Kawajiri
NIAMEY (Reuters) - Eighty-one people accused of fighting for Boko Haram went on trial in Niger on Thursday in a public court sitting, one of the first of its kind after closed-door trials of suspected insurgents were criticised by human rights groups.
Those on trial in a special international court in the capital Niamey come from Niger, Nigeria and Chad and are suspected of playing a role in Boko Haram's near decade-long bid to create a caliphate in Nigeria.
The Islamist insurgency has spread beyond its roots in Nigeria, killing 20,000 and uprooting nearly 3 million in the Lake Chad region.
The Niamey trials follow closed-door Boko Haram trials, including in Nigeria where a court in October jailed 45 people to between three and 31 years in jail, but the government did not say what they were convicted of.
Open trials are meant to show that suspected fighters will be given due process, and could also help alleviate a conflict that has been stoked at times by the mistreatment of captives.
The death in 2009 of Boko Haram founder Mohammed Yusuf in police custody is seen as one of the major triggers for the conflict.
The Niamey court will hear 22 separate cases over the next 10 days, following the trial of nearly 300 people on similar charges last year. In all, nearly 1,000 people are expected to come before the court.
DEPOE BAY, Ore. (Reuters) - Oregon's Depoe Bay is preparing for the first total eclipse to traverse the continental United States in a century as if a natural disaster was bearing down on the small coastal city.
The town, home to 1,500 residents and a single traffic light, is near the spot of land where the total eclipse will first appear on Aug. 21 as it begins cutting a path through 14 states to the Atlantic.
That distinction has raised fears that a tidal wave of visitors will descend on Depoe Bay to get a first glimpse at "totality" a week from Monday.
"Totality" is when the moon passes in front of the sun, blotting out its light and exposing the glowing "corona" around its perimeter. After a little more than two minutes, the phenomenon will end in any given location as the eclipse moves to the east on its coast-to-coast journey.
“We're a double ground zero,” said Pat O'Connell, who owns a small gallery and gift store facing the rocky sea wall, where thousands are expected to gather when the sky darkens and the eclipse comes in to view.
Given Depoe Bay's proximity to a major geological fault line, Mayor Barbara Leff says earthquake and tsunami preparation is second nature to the town's residents.
“This community has been practicing for a major catastrophe for years and years, and a lot of the eclipse preparations in some ways mirror those disaster preparations," she said. "We've been doing what we're used to doing and hopefully we are all prepared."
One of the major challenges, Leff says, is anticipating how many people will show up.
The spectacle is the first in 99 years to span the entire continental United States, the world's third most populous nation. It will also be the first total solar eclipse visible from any of the lower 48 states since 1979.
The city's handful of hotels and campgrounds have been sold out for months and crowd estimates range from thousands to hundreds of thousands.
In preparation for the Solar Eclipse, t-shirts commemorating the day are shown in Depoe Bay, Oregon, U.S. August 9, 2017. Picture taken August 9, 2017. Jane Ross
The city held its first eclipse meeting four years ago at its tiny two-room City Hall, a former wooden schoolhouse.
Since serious planning began eight months ago, the city has rented portable restrooms, bought a hundred additional garbage cans, and ordered thousands of protective glasses to be distributed free at the local fire station.
It also has handed out leaflets advising residents to stock up on food, medicine, cash and gas, and prepare for traffic gridlock.
The only way into and out of Depoe Bay is Highway 101, which has only one lane in each direction in the area. Even a minor traffic accident can completely stop traffic, said Depoe Bay Fire Chief Joshua Williams.
Slideshow (5 Images)
“Our worst case scenario is everybody on the road, stopping, parking on side of roads and not having enough access for a fire engine or an ambulance to get down the road to somebody's emergency,” Williams said.
Normally, only one fire station in the area is staffed, but for the four days surrounding the eclipse, firefighters will staff three stations. Williams says he is working with state authorities to keep traffic lanes clear for emergency vehicles.
And it's not just congestion on the roads the city has to worry about. With what it calls “the world's smallest harbor,” Depoe Bay is also preparing for hundreds of boaters trying to use the town's lone boat launch.
The Coast Guard will monitor boating traffic and will have a vessel stationed at the entrance to the harbor, Coast Guard spokesman Andrew Port said. Guardsmen will board boats to make sure boaters are prepared.
At Dockside Charters, Loren Goddard has rented out most of his boats for fishing trips, but there's still space on a three-hour cruise for visitors with $100 who are hankering to see the eclipse from the ocean.
"You're first on the scene. It's going to happen there before it makes landfall," said Goddard, who plans to be 30 miles (48 km) offshore fishing for tuna when the time comes.
(This version of the story corrects price in penultimate paragraph to $100, instead of $1,000)
(Reuters) - Gold was slightly higher on Tuesday, just up from its lowest in nearly five months in the previous session, and ahead of the start of a two-day U.S. Federal Reserve meeting.
Gold bars are seen at the Austrian Gold and Silver Separating Plant 'Oegussa' in Vienna, Austria, March 18, 2016. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger/File Photo
Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,244.30 an ounce by 0350 GMT, after hitting its lowest since July 20 at $1240.10 on Monday.
U.S. gold futures fell 0.1 percent to $1,246 an ounce.
“The overnight drop I suspect is continued long liquidation as evidenced in the weekends Commitment of Traders Report” said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst with OANDA.
CFTC data from Friday showed speculators sharply cut their net long positions in gold to the lowest since early August due to recent price weakness. [CFTC/]
“I would expect gold to remain offered on any rally and ... to retest its overnight lows around $1,240,” Halley said, adding that a hawkish statement on U.S. interest rates from the Federal Open Market Committee could see gold under further pressure.
The dollar was steady near a recent two-week high versus a basket of major currencies, as traders awaited results from the U.S. Fed's policy meeting for a fresh catalyst.
At the meeting, which concludes on Wednesday, the U.S. central bank is widely expected to raise benchmark interest rates for the third time this year and comment on the pace of further rate hikes.
“We expect a steady grind lower in gold, at least through Wednesday,” said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir.
“Depending on how hawkish the wording is, gold could drift lower still, as charts do not show any meaningful support at least until $1,205-$1,210,” Meir said.
Gold is sensitive to rising U.S. interest rates, as these increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion and boost the dollar, in which it is priced.
“Gold is likely to recover quickly from its recent lows if the December meeting outcome proves to be a dovish hike,” Standard Chartered said in a note.
Reuters technicals analyst Wang Tao said spot gold may bounce moderately to a resistance at $1,250 per ounce, as it has stabilized around a support at $1,239.
Among other precious metals, silver was nearly unchanged at $15.72 an ounce.
Platinum was down nearly 0.1 percent at $884.20 an ounce, having hit its lowest since February 2016 last week. Palladium was 0.3 percent higher at $1,012.97 an ounce.
The platinum discount to palladium widened to around $120 last week, the steepest since April 2001.
NASA's Curiosity Mars Rover has sent home a new selfie taken on January 23, 2018, from Vera Rubin Ridge, its work field for past several months. The region directly behind the rover in the picture is a clay-rich slope which will be soon explored by the mission. Curiosity will climb down this slope during the upcoming weeks.
The left side of the image is the north side while the right side shows the west. Gale Crater's rim is seen in the distant horizon. Mount Sharp is seen just behind Curiosity's head, partially hidden by its mast in the robotic selfie.
Mount Sharp was the prime location planned for the Curiosity mission which landed on the Red Planet five years ago. The rover's lifetime mission has been planned to be focused on the region for intense studies on the sediment layers formed over millions of years of Martian history.
The mission has landed on the Gale crater floor in August 2012 and has been moving towards the foothills of the Mount Sharp since September 2014.
The sedimentary layers were formed in the region by water, probably due to the presence of a lake or a series of lakes which accumulated the sediments. These sediment layers have also formed three kilometres High Mountain inside Gale Crater in the region.
The picture was developed by assembling dozens of images taken using the Curiosity's Mars Hands Lens Imager (MAHLI).
NASA has plans to release a new video series about other Mars mission from this month in the name "The Mars Report." JPL will show this video series on the occasion of 14th anniversary of the Opportunity rover.
The first episode will show the recent panoramic view of Mars taken by the Curiosity rover, ice deposits spotted by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and the recent tests on the InSight lander which would be launched to Mars in May 2018.
Denmark Will Have This Amazing New Observation Tower Next Year
More info: EFFEKT
Designed by Danish architecture firm EFFEKT, The Treetop Experience of the camp adventure recreation park in Denmark, will debut in the summer of 2018. Located one hour south of Copenhagen, Denmark, the Treetop Experience begins with a walk through the forest of Gisselfeld Klosters Skove that has various sections to stop and relax, or explore and learn.
The continuous wood ramp is 1,970 ft (600m) long and connects to a 148 ft (45m) tall observation tower with a 360° view.
Located one hour south of Copenhagen, Denmark, the Treetop Experience begins with a walk through the forest of Gisselfeld Klosters Skove that has various sections to stop and relax, or explore and learn.
The winding path leading up the observation tower will be made from timber from the surrounding forest, and weathering steel will be used for the structure. Easily accessible, anyone will be able to enjoy the spectacular views from the top of the tower.
Looking up through the tower, different levels are revealed, and the shape of the tower can be appreciated. The halfway point of the tower is the slimmest part, with the base and top being the largest. This form allows for the tower to organically fit in with the forest canopy.
h/t: contemporist
Color is looking to add a new test to its line of genetic testing, this time focusing on hereditary factors that may affect a person's chance for being prone to cardiovascular complications like arrhythmia and cardiomyopathy.
Called the heart health test, Color's new test looks to isolate the genes that can be partially responsible for heart-related conditions that may have a hereditary component. Color says the test analyzes 30 genes that contribute to the structure and rhythm of a healthy heart to determine if there may be any hereditary factors that could lead to heart complications down the line. VP of clinical operations Scott Topper acknowledged that hereditary factors certainly aren't the only factors that might play into cardiovascular complications like arrhythmia, but there has been enough research to show that the potential hereditary genetic components that lead to those conditions is impactful enough to warrant building a test for those markers.
“Some of these conditions are relatively rare, and for most of them we expect the actual incidence to be about 1 in 200,” Topper said. “But what that means is, if we handle 1,000 people this week, we expect 5 of them to be affected by this. For those 5, the consequences of it going undetected, can be as extreme as sudden death. While thought they're rare, they incredibly impactful. It's not a 100% predictive — For BRCA for example, we know that a woman who has a BRCA mutation has about an 80% chance of getting breast cancer in their lifetime and getting again and again. It's not 100%, but it's a profound enough likelihood that many people decide to take action.”
Color looks to target genes that the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics identified as high-impact and actionable. The end product is to see, if there is a mutation in one of those genes, there may be a possibility that the person is at higher risk for cardiovascular problems like cardiomyopathy or arrhythmia. There isn't full penetrance — just like there isn't in the BRCA test — so it's more of a ‘heads up, go get it checked out just in case' situation.
Color, previously Color Genomics, is one of a few well-funded genetic testing startups that aim to make it easier for consumers to get tested for potential complications down the line where they can take some preventative steps. In the case of this test, the goal is to flag any potential risk and then have them follow up with clinicians to determine if there are any lifestyle changes that need to happen. Consumers take a swab of saliva and send off the test — either for a few hundred bucks, or through a program that some employers are putting in place. Color raised $80 million in a financing round in August last year.
The latter part of that, employers getting into issuing these tests for their employees, is going to be increasingly important for Color. Catching diseases early helps reduce the overall cost to employers before more problems occur. While Color has largely focused on the cancer space with tests for detecting genes that are associated with higher risk of breast cancer, it started branching into tests for potential cardiovascular problems like Hypercholesterolemia. That test, launched in August last year, costs $249 for a direct purchase for a consumer.
To be sure, the average customer is giving up their genetic data in order to get tested for these potential hereditary conditions, a password that you'll (probably) never be able to change. As more and more of these tests become available, there's a good chance it'll attract a new segment of customers — those that are looking to head off complications based on what's happened to family members, or even those who are just curious about whether or not they have risk. Topper said many at Color come from a tech-native background from companies like Google, Twitter, and Dropbox, and it's something that's perpetually top-of-mind. (Though, to be sure, it's a very tall order.)
“We've put a good deal of effort on the back-end informatics side to make sure our systems are very developed and robust,” Topper said. “It's not something that comes easy, I think a lot of health companies back into this and realize after the fact that there's a substantial computer engineering aspect to being able to do this responsibly”
There is still a lot of activity in this space, including at the actual financing level. 23andMe, another genetic testing startup, raised $250 million in new financing last year. And as the research matures, it's always possible that other companies may want to branch into a similar area — finding spots that might represent some risk for heart conditions. Topper said the company still expects to continue to look for examples where the condition affects a lot of people and that some portion is driven by genetics, and that a lot of players in the space is generally going to be a good thing simply because it will help further the progress on that front.
“We are living in good times for genetics, primarily because of a number of really important consensus-driven efforts around looking at the clinical validity and clinical utility of genetic information,” he said. “None of this happens in a silo. Being able to both move the field forward in terms of making information available and gleaning knowledge, as well as being a good citizen in a space that's moving quickly, are both very important to us. I feel like there's a cultural change in terms of where genetics fits into our society. As long as other companies are doing it responsibly, it's also good.”
Sen. Dan Sullivan Outlines The Current State Of The Iran Nuclear Deal NPR's Robert Siegel talks to Republican Sen. Dan Sullivan from Alaska about what Congress will do if President Trump decides to decertify the Iran Deal.
Colchester v Aston Villa
Colchester takes on Aston Villa on Wednesday 9th August, 2017, with kickoff at 19:45. This match is currently being shown LIVE on Sky Sports.
While we are sure the FA really need the money they get from the endless renaming of the League Cup, it does seem like these days it is becoming less important and recognisable as a result of the revolving door of title sponsors. Villa and Colchester meet in what is currently the Carabao Cup, and if you really care who wins you probably support one of those two teams, given the distance between them and the final.
Still, it's a nice game to sit and drink a beer too, and will give us an idea as to whether Villa might go up this term.
Colchester v Aston Villa is LIVE on Sky Sports.
The FCIAC gymnastics championships have been moved to Westhill High School on Saturday, Feb. 10.
The start time for the meet will remain 10 a.m.
The gymnastics championships were originally going to be held at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, but has been moved due to a scheduling conflict.
For the complete FCIAC postseason schedule, click here
Megan Reid has now had to plan funerals for two of her three children
UPDATE: A Hayfield mother is preparing to bury her 10-year-old son after he didn't wake up Sunday morning.
Megan Reid is trying to understand how her seemingly healthy son died in his sleep. "You think you have a healthy kid, never see any signs, and next thing you know he's gone," she said.
She spoke with KTTC on Monday afternoon at Hayfield Community Schools where her son, 10-year-old Anthony Reid, attended.
Reid says she went bowling with Anthony, her other son, her girlfriend, and her girlfriend's son the night before. "He was dancing, having a good time...kind of flirting with the girls next to us. He was just that fun, vibrant boy."
Anthony never complained of feeling sick that night or the days leading up to his death. When they got home he went to bed immediately since he had fallen asleep in the car on the way home.
Her girlfriend's son went to wake him up the next morning. He called for his mom since Anthony wasn't moving. Reid went into her son's room where she says he was purple, cold to the touch, and stiff. She immediately called 911. They asked if she could perform reviving efforts (Reid and her girlfriend are CPR certified), but she didn't believe there was much hope of bringing him back. "He was too far gone to try and revive him."
Anthony isn't the first child Reid has lost. She says her four-month-old daughter, McKenzie Grace, died 15 years ago in a car accident. To try and cope with her most recent loss, Reid likes to think that Anthony finally got to meet his big sister and that she's taking care of him.
In the meantime, Reid is relying on her faith to get through a time no mother should have to face. "I actually look to the Bible. There's a figure in there I relate to that lost everything. I sometimes think I'm kind of like him. I also realize that God uses you even through the hard things, and sometimes just going through the hard things...that's Him testing you to make sure you're strong enough to get through it."
Anthony's funeral will be Friday at Our Savior's Lutheran Church in Owatonna where he will be laid to rest next to the sister he never got to meet.
Investigators believe Anthony died of natural causes. The Medical Examiner's Office will perform an autopsy this week to try and determine his cause of death.
The Hayfield - Brownsdale Cub Scout Pack 50 will hold a benefit for Anthony this Saturday at the Hayfield Fire Department. Those who want to help the Reid family can either donate there or at the Citizens State Bank in Hayfield, Dodge Center, or Mantorville. People can also make checks payable to the following address if unable to make it in person:
Anthony Reid Benefit
Citizens State Bank
P.O. Box 5
Hayfield, MN
55940
___________________________
PREVIOUS STORY: The community of Hayfield is coming together after a 10-year-old dies unexpectedly.
According to the Facebook page of Hayfield - Brownsdale Cub Scout Pack 50, on March 24, there will be a benefit for the boy's, Anthony Reid, family at their annual Pinewood Derby.
At the derby, there will be a pulled pork meal for $7 and any donations that people are willing to give. If you are not able to make it, there is an account set up at the Citizens State Bank in Hayfield where people can donate. You also can donate at Hayfield, Dodge Center or Mantorville Banks. People can send checks payable to Anthony Reid Benefit to the bank at P.O. Box 5 Hayfield, MN 55940.
The benefit meal will begin Saturday at 10 a.m.
Benefit for Anthony Reid and Pinewood Derby
We will be hosting a benefit for Anthony Reid's family at our annual Pinewood Derby. Anthony was a 4th grader at Hayfield Elementary who passed away...
___________________________
PREVIOUS STORY: Hayfield Community School District is mourning following the death of one of their students.
On the district's Facebook page, the school says they are deeply saddened when they learned of the boys death. Their full response is posted below.
The district says they are providing comfort rooms for any students who need it. Rooms are staffed with counselors.
________________________________
PREVIOUS STORY: A crisis response counseling program begins Monday at Hayfield Schools, after a 10-year-old boy died at his home unexpectedly Sunday morning.
Just before 11:30 a.m., the Dodge County Sheriff's office responded to a report of a young male, found in bed unresponsive with CPR in progress.
Hayfield Fire and Dodge County Ambulance rushed to the scene. Lifesaving efforts were not successful. The boy was pronounced dead at the scene.
The Olmsted County Medical Examiner's office was brought in to investigate.
According to the Sheriff, the boy showed no signs of obvious trauma and had no known medical history. An autopsy this week will determine cause of death, although investigators believe it was likely due to natural causes.
Big lights. Big city. Big stage.And nobody — not even Auston Matthews, for whom hero spectacle is becoming ho-hum routine — had a bigger game than Connor Brown.Yes, Matthews, the rookie sensation who rose out of the Arizona desert, thrilled 40,000-plus spectators at BMO Field on New Year's Day, showing off his offensive chops and opportunistic skill by notching his 19th (same as his age) goal in regulation time and then delivering a 5-4 overtime victory to the Maple Leafs in the showpiece Centennial Classic, as Toronto hurtles into 2017 on a five-game winning streak.Four goals in the last three games for teenager Matthews, nine points in the last six. And another trip to the post-action podium after vanquishing Detroit in the outdoor rematch, speaking into a bristling nest of microphones and tape recorders.For linemate Brown, the media scrum unfolded inside the dank Toronto locker room, beads of sweat trickling down a face as pale as parchment, teammates hollering, duffel bags being slung by team step-and-fetchits. This rookie all gosh-shucks modest about his three-point performance, after scoring Toronto's third goal — 3-1 at that point, a lead that felt safe as houses with less than 10 minutes in regulation; as if — then disrupting a Red Wings odd-man rush as the only Leaf back deep into OT, and starting the countering sequence that rushed the puck up the ice, ending in Matthews' winner.Article Continued BelowOne goal, two assists, his fingerprints all over the most lively parts of Sunday's spectacle.The winner, the entire OT actually, was mostly “a blur,” Brown admitted, though he was integral to the outcome at 3:40 of extended hockey.“It was awesome to be part of that game-winner, to be on the ice for it. That's something me and my family will remember forever and I'll cherish.”
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
AMSTERDAM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dutch gas producer NAM on Friday said it had halted all production at the Loppersum site at the Groningen field.
Economy minister Eric Wiebes instructed NAM on Thursday to halt production at the five production points which form the Loppersum site to limit seismic risks in the region. (Reporting by Bart Meijer; editing by Jason Neely)
Kim Ji Won is emerging as one of the top actresses of South Korea and has also been voted as one of the most beautiful actresses.
Kim Ji Won started her career as a model and appeared in various commercials. The 25-year old actress got recognized by the audience through her roles in hit dramas 'To the Beautiful You' and 'The Heirs'.
Kim Ji Won's highlight in her career was her role in the record-breaking hit drama 'Descendants of The Sun'. She worked alongside big names like Song Joong Ki and Song Hye and paired up with Jin Goo in the drama.
Also read: 'Descendants of the Sun' couple Kim Ji Won, Jin Goo to return together in new drama
Kim Ji Won and Jin Goo's romance in the drama won many hearts and fans as well.
Kim Ji Won after her initial success was cast as one of the main leads in ' Fight My Way' alongside actor Park Seo Joon. The show has been voted as one of the best dramas of the year 2017.
After her numerous successes, she has been declared as the next 'Hallyu' goddess. However, Kim Ji Won is still unfamiliar with her popularity and she also gets surprised when people call her the next Kim Tae Hee who is one of the biggest stars of Korea.
Kim Ji Won said, "I don't think my facial features were ever the focus in the media". She continues laughing away and says, "Am I talking nonsense? People always gave attention to my characters, which I feel thankful for."
According to Soompi awards current vote status, people have voted Kim Ji Won as the actress of the year.
The rising star has also been cast in the upcoming drama " Detective K: Secret of the Living Dead".
The director shared why he chose Kim Ji Won and said, "For the film, we needed an actress who could not only do a period film but also one who could take on a romantic comedy role. We started looking for actresses in their 20s from when we first started the script."
He explained that the production team had Kim Ji Won in mind as they worked on the finishing touches for the script, which was even before her drama "Fight My Way" had aired.
Director Kim Suk Yoon further shared, "We also thought that there had to be ways for Kim Ji Won to challenge herself as an actress in the film. We were excited as we prepared the script, and we put in things that she would be good at as well as things she could challenge herself in."
The drama is a comedy story of three detectives as they team up to investigate and solve mysterious crime cases. Kim Ji Won will play the role of a maiden with amnesia and supernatural strength.
Kim Ji Won also recently appeared on 'Night Goblin' as a guest and visited popular spots in Seoul with the cast members.
The actress had lots of fun in the show and also played the game 'Ideal Type World Cup' where she had to choose her ideal type from her past co-stars.
She chose Kim Ji Won from upcoming drama" Detective K: Secret of the Living Dead " over Park Seo Joon from 'Fight my way.
Fans were quite disappointed as they ship Ji Won and Seo Joon often but soon got over it when Pak Seo Joon came to support Kim Ji Won at Detective K V.IP premiere.
By Scott T. Sterling
Blink-182 is going to Vegas, baby.
The iconic alt-rock outfit has revealed plans to launch the “Kings of the Weekend” residency at the Pearl Concert Theater of the Palms Casino Resort.
Related: Blink-182's Travis Barker & Limp Bizkit's Wes Borland are Making Music
The 16-show run kicks off on May 26, with additional shows slated for June, October, and November. See the itinerary below.
“When the Palms asked us to do a residency here in Vegas, we said ‘Absolutely!'” Mark Hoppus said in a press statement. “Now, we just have to cast our show girls, create our set list – a true throwback of Vegas classics with Sinatra, Liberace. Maybe we can even marry someone on stage…The possibilities in Vegas are endless.”
Tickets for “blink-182: Kings of the Weekend” are $59, $79, $99, $109, and $169, plus fees and go on sale Friday, March 23, 2018 at 10 a.m. Tickets can be purchased at the Pearl Concert Theater box office, any Station Casinos Rewards Center or online at Ticketmaster.com.
Find more information here.
Blink-182's “Kings of the Weekend” 2018 dates:
Source: Let's meet in court, Moyo dares Tsvangirai aide – NewsDay Zimbabwe August 14, 2017
ZANU PF politburo member and Higher Education minister Jonathan Moyo has refused to apologise over his alleged offensive remarks to suspended MDC-T deputy treasurer-general, Charlton Hwende and challenged him to a legal contest.
BY DESMOND CHINGARANDE/ BLESSED MHLANGA
Hwende last week threatened to file a $1 million lawsuit against Moyo if the minister fails to apologise for statements posted on his Twitter account insinuating that the MDC-T officials was involved in the intra-party violence that occurred at the party's Bulawayo provincial offices.
But Moyo, in another tweet yesterday, declared that he was ready to face off with Hwende in court.
“Violence does not pay. See you in court $1m dreamer,” tweeted Moyo in response to Hwende's threat to sue him for $1 million.
Moyo's defiance comes at a time MDC-T national deputy youth leader, Shakespear Mukoyi, has also threatened to sue both State-owned Herald and Moyo over the same remarks.
“We have been instructed to demand that you retract your statement on the same forum and with the same prominence as you gave the initial article within the next five days,” part of Mukoyi's letter of demand reads.
“We have also been instructed that you issue a public apology for demeaning our client, whom you wrongly identified in the said picture.”
Mukoyi also demanded that Zimbabwe Newspapers, the publishers of The Herald, retracts its article published on August 8 written under the headline Tsvangirai dispatched thugs to Bulawayo.
The youth leader said the article inferred that he was also involved in the skirmishes, which left MDC-T vice-president, Thokozani Khupe, chairman, Lovemore Moyo and organising secretary, Abednico Ncube injured.
Mukoyi's lawyers claimed that their client was not in Bulawayo on the day in question.
“Your article is highly defamatory, as it carries that our client is a thug, is of violent disposition, a puppet of low moral fibre that can be hired to do evil things and that he cannot accept political viewpoints different from his,” the letter reads.
“Such retraction and apology should be made within the next five days, failure of which we have instructions to initiate legal proceedings for defamation of character.”
Trump Continues To Attack Special Counsel Mueller, Despite Republicans Advising Otherwise
President Trump lashed out on Twitter against Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation. Some Republicans reacted by defending Mueller's probe, and the White House put out a statement saying firing Mueller is not under consideration.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
Two men, Andrew McCabe and Robert Mueller, have featured prominently in President Trump's Twitter feed the past few days. Trump spent the weekend attacking the special counsel and the fired deputy FBI director, McCabe, after McCabe was fired late Friday night. Until now, Trump had refrained from tweeting about Mueller by name, but that changed this weekend. And that prompted the White House to send out assurances that the president is not considering firing Mueller.
Well, NPR's national political correspondent Mara Liasson is here. Hey, Mara.
MARA LIASSON, BYLINE: Hey, Mary Louise.
KELLY: All right, the president has made really clear for months now that he's not a fan of the Mueller investigation. He has been complaining about it. What changed over the weekend?
LIASSON: What changed is, as you mentioned - is this is the first time he attacked Mueller by name. Also, his outside lawyer, John Dowd, suggested that the Mueller investigation be ended. That's something new. Initially Dowd said he was speaking for the president. Then he backtracked and said he was just speaking for himself. But that seemed like a change in strategy because up until now, the president's lawyers have said they were cooperating with Mueller.
KELLY: And how are Republican lawmakers? Do they have the president's back as he increases these attacks on Mueller? What do they say?
LIASSON: Well, some of them do, but there's a range of reactions. And as usual, the ones that have spoken out most strongly warning the president against moving against Mueller are ones who are not running for re-election again like Jeff Flake or - here's Trey Gowdy, the Republican congressman from South Carolina.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "FOX NEWS SUNDAY")
TREY GOWDY: I would just counsel the president it's going to be a very, very, long, bad 2018. And it's going to be distracting from other things that he wants to do and was elected to do. Let it play out its course. If you've done nothing wrong, you should want the investigation to be as fulsome and thorough as possible.
LIASSON: And he went on to say, if you have an innocent client, Mr. Dowd, act like it. Now, other Republicans like John Cornyn, who is a member of the Senate leadership, said it would be a mistake to fire Mueller. It could have unintended consequences. And as you said, the White House has gone out of their way today again to say that's not what the president is planning to do. And maybe the purpose of the president's tweet storm wasn't to lay the groundwork to fire Mueller but rather to undermine the credibility of the Mueller investigation.
KELLY: Help us understand how Andrew McCabe fits into all of this. We mentioned he was fired late Friday night. That was by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The president was celebrating the firing of McCabe. Why? How does he fit into this puzzle?
LIASSON: Well, he's been in the president's crosshairs for a long time. He's a potential witness in any obstruction of justice case because he talked to James Comey around the time of Comey's firing, and he took contemporaneous notes on his meeting with the president, as all FBI agents are trained to do.
KELLY: I should point out McCabe was not summarily fired. The Justice Department said he was found to have lied under oath multiple times. Let me play a little bit. This is House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, and he's defending Jeff Sessions' decision to fire McCabe.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
KEVIN MCCARTHY: An independent, nonpartisan inspector general found the information of McCabe lying, thought it was severe enough even before its final report came forward to send it to the FBI, send it to the ethics department of the FBI - the OPR, as you said, the Office of Professional Responsibility. They are nonpartisan, independent. They looked, and they believed he should be fired.
KELLY: Mara?
LIASSON: So there was a process. McCabe of course says he was made a scapegoat. But we don't know exactly why McCabe was fired because the IG's report hasn't been released yet.
KELLY: And where does all this go from here?
LIASSON: Well, the Mueller investigation continues. It's been reported that he has subpoenaed documents related to Russia from Trump's businesses. He's sent sample questions to the White House as part of the ongoing negotiations about if and how the president might be deposed. James Comey is about to go on a book tour.
KELLY: Yeah.
LIASSON: And we now know that the president has added a hard-charging former U.S. attorney to his legal team, Joe diGenova.
KELLY: Thanks, Mara.
LIASSON: Thank you.
KELLY: That's NPR's Mara Liasson.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CAMANIO CARE AB (PUBL):
* CAMANIO CARE RECEIVES GIRAFF ORDER FROM HÖRBY MUNICIPALITY
* ‍ORDER WHICH ALSO INCLUDES OTHER PRODUCTS FROM CAMANIO CARE IS WORTH 200 KSEK​
* SAYS ORDER ‍IS START OF A CLOSE COLLABORATION WITH HÖRBY MUNICIPALITY.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WWE News: Seth Rollins and Finn Balor share a heartwarming Valentine's Day photo
Balor and Rollins wish fans a Happy Valentine's Day.
@JamesJVaccaro by Jamie Vaccaro News 15 Feb 2017, 04:41 IST
Injured WWE Superstars share Valentine's Day photograph.
What's the story?
Finn Balor shared a heartwarming photo on Twitter today. And it's awesome as you can see above!
In case you didn't know...
Finn Balor suffered a small tear of his labrum at WWE SummerSlam 2016 when he was the recipient of Seth Rollins' Turnbuckle Powerbomb into the ringside barricade. The small tear in his labrum was the result of the dislocation of his shoulder that he suffered upon impact into the barricade. Balor popped his shoulder back into place and finished the match.
Seth Rollins suffered a torn medial collateral ligament (MCL) during the angle that closed Raw on January 30th. Samoa Joe debuted and attacked, “The Architect.” Rollins' leg bent awkwardly resulting in the MCL tearing when Joe dropped down for his Coquina Clutch maneuver.
The heart of the matter
Rollins and Balor are both currently rehabilitating from their respective injuries with the hopes of making it back to the squared circle for WrestleMania 33 on April 2nd, 2017. In the midst of the painful process of rehabilitation, Finn made sure to set up a picture for the two injured superstars to take in order to post to his Twitter account, wishing his followers a Happy Valentine's Day in the process.
The process of rehabbing an injury such as the ones suffered by Balor and Rollins is usually a very trying, lonely time. At least the two men have each other.
What's next?
Hopefully, Balor and Rollins actually got some work done at the rehabilitation clinic today and will be back in time for WrestleMania 33.
Sportskeeda's Take
This is a tremendous picture, for a variety of reasons. First and foremost, this should quell any kind of rumors that there is any ill will towards Rollins from Finn Balor, as Seth inadvertently caused the injury that has sidelined, “The Demon,” for almost six months.
Secondly, it shows the genuinely heartwarming comradery between two WWE Superstars that can't be doing what they love to do. Finally, the middle of the picture is worth a thousand words itself, as the picture of Triple H was clearly moved to its current location in order to accentuate the shot.
It's likely that Rollins and Balor were at one of the Andrews Sports Medicine and Orthopaedic Centers. Dr. James Andrews famously performed both operations on Triple H's torn quads in 2001 and 2007.
Dr. Jeffrey Dugas performed Balor's shoulder surgery in 2016 and Rollins' original knee surgery in 2015. Dugas is one of the surgeons at the Andrews Sports Medicine and Orthopaedic Center in Birmingham, Alabama, and he performs most surgeries needed by WWE Superstars currently.
by Brendan Sample
The Philadelphia District Attorney's Office confirmed that a settlement has been reached in the Fresh Market graffiti case from November of last year. Evan Brown was initially arrested in December for spray painting “F— Trump” and other anti-trump slogans on the wall of the Fresh Market grocery store at 8208 Germantown Ave.
According to Cameron Kline, communications director and spokesperson for the DA's Office, Brown took an offer of diversion on June 21. He will be required to pay $9,645 in restitution to the store and court costs, perform 100 hours of community service with the Chestnut Hill Business Improvement District and write a formal apology letter to the Fresh Market.
“The District Attorney's Office and the police performed magnificently on this whole thing,” said Richard Snowden, owner of Bowman Properties, which owns the Fresh Market location.
Brown was captured on camera along with Duncan Lloyd of the DA's office, who watched Brown tag the wall but did not actively do anything else himself. Around the time of Brown's arrest, city officials announced that they would not fire Lloyd from his job as city solicitor, and Kline confirmed that Lloyd has not been charged with any crimes to this point.
Brendan Sample can be reached at brendan@chestnuthilllocal.com
On Saturday night at NFL Honors, Greg Olsen, Benjamin Watson or J.J. Watt will be recognized as the winner of the Walter Payton Man of the Year Award. Despite whom wins, all three, along with the league's other 29 nominees should be recognized for their work in the community.
Olsen made a notable time investment into charity work after his son, T.J., was born with Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome just over five years ago.
"Shortly thereafter, we launched what we call, 'The HEARtest Yard program,'" Olsen says of the fund he and his wife founded in early 2013. "It's a health services program, privatized in-home care that we give to families with kids with congenital heart disease. From that experience, it's really grown into something bigger than we ever could have imagined. With some of our partners this week, leading up to Walter Payton Man of the Year, we just thought it was very fitting to highlight some of the partners that we've worked with and one of the biggest ones was Coca-Cola and their local Charlotte bottler. The last two years working with them, we've done some really unique programs in the community, both with the children's hospital, but also with their 'Big Hearts' mini cans program with some returning veterans, some rescue missions around the holidays, giving out free meals."
Along with being a football idol in the Charlotte community -- Olsen, 32, has been with the Panthers since 2011 -- he is now a mentor in charity work. The rewards have paid dividends 8-yard out routes can't replicate.
"We've lived it," Olsen says. "We know what it's like to be in those families' shoes. To have those families come up to us and just tell us what an impact that our program has made on their lives, the health of their baby, the health of their family, it's just incredibly satisfying. It's something we're passionate about, it's something that we're constantly looking for new ways to grow."
T.J. turned 5 this past October. Is he starting to recognize how much his mom and dad are helping others?
"He is. He knows that we try to help his 'heart friends.' He knows that we are trying to really impact that cardiac community. It's not just in the Carolinas, but across the country. He's starting to get a little bit more involved, he's starting to understand a little bit more about why Mom and Dad work on all of this stuff and I think he enjoys it."
The HEARTest Yard Fund provides $25,000-$30,000 worth of nursing care for the first six months of a baby in need's life. The fund has spread out $1.7 million since its inception.
Olsen is also the founder of Receptions for Research: The Greg Olsen Foundation, which he founded in 2009 after his mother survived breast cancer.
-- Follow Jeff Eisenband on Twitter @JeffEisenband. Like Jeff Eisenband on Facebook.
Golf fans must now wait eight long months for the next major after Justin Thomas clinched the PGA Championship.
A major season that began with the Masters favourite falling down stairs ended with one of the game's best young players capturing the PGA Championship, a reminder of the ephemeral nature of the most unpredictable of sports.
Dustin Johnson was the focus of the golf world on the eve of the Masters, coming off three successive victories, having ascended to the world No.1 ranking and for a few months an unstoppable juggernaut.
Four months later, Johnson is almost a peripheral figure and 24-year-old Justin Thomas is the talk of the town, though the latter barely figured in discussions on the eve of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow which finished on Sunday.
Instead, the media was obsessed with Jordan Spieth's quest to surpass Tiger Woods as the youngest man to complete the career grand slam, while Rory McIlroy was the pre-tournament favourite, at least in the eyes of those who like to place money on the outcome.
But Spieth was never a factor at Quail Hollow, while McIlroy ended the week saying he might take an extended break in an effort to deal with pain in his back and left arm.
How do you make sense of it all? It's golf, a sport where almost every major offers a different cast of lead characters, and nobody takes the starring role more than occasionally.
"We won one of the majors," said British Open champion Spieth, the 'we' referring to himself and his caddie.
"I understand that's a great year in the majors. If I did this every year, I would go down as the greatest player ever to have played the game.
"Winning them is so difficult you can have a fantastic year without winning a major."
Masters champion Sergio Garcia does not need to be told how difficult it is to win a major.
The former teenage phenomenon was 0-for-73 until he beat Justin Rose in a playoff at Augusta.
Brooks Koepka blew away the field in the final round to win the US Open at Erin Hills, while Spieth produced an astonishing finish - five-under over a four-hole stretch - to edge Matt Kuchar at the British Open.
The PGA Championship, which plodded along laboriously for three days, suddenly came to life on the back nine on Sunday, with five tied for the lead at one stage before Thomas emerged triumphant.
Golf fans must now wait eight long months for the next major, during which time the spotlight will turn again to Irishman McIlroy and his quest to become the sixth man to complete the modern grand slam.
So who will be the next player to join the major champions club -- Hideki Matsuyama? Rickie Fowler? Jon Rahm?
Maybe it will be one of that trio, but it just as likely to be someone barely on the radar right now. That's golf.
STERLING, Va./ WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. Va. (Reuters) - The U.S. Congress made no notable progress this week toward a deal on the status of 700,000 “Dreamer” immigrants, with President Donald Trump saying on Friday that one “could very well not happen” by a deadline next month.
Whether the lack of progress signalled the possibility of another federal government shutdown next week was unclear, but it worried the Dreamers, young people who were brought illegally into the United States as children.
Trump said last year that he would end by March 5 a program that was set up by former President Barack Obama to protect the Dreamers from deportation, and he urged Congress to act before that date. No action has resulted.
“We want to make a deal,” Trump said at an event in Virginia with U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials. And he blamed Democratic lawmakers for the impasse.
“I think they want to use it for political purposes for elections. I really am not happy with the way it's going from the standpoint of the Democrats,” he said.
Democrats have said repeatedly that they want protections written into law for the Dreamers, who were given temporary legal status by Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which lets them study and work in the United States without fear of deportation.
Republicans, who control Congress, are undecided on what to do about DACA and the Dreamers. They ended a three-day retreat at a mountain resort in West Virginia on Friday not much nearer to consensus than they were a week ago.
The partisan standoff caused a partial shutdown of the federal government for three days last month after Congress failed to pass a stopgap spending measure needed to keep the lights on at federal facilities across the country.
The House of Representatives plans to vote on Tuesday on legislation to keep federal agencies operating beyond Feb. 8, when existing funds expire, a senior House Republican aide said.
The aide did not provide details, however, on the duration of this latest-in-a-series of temporary funding measures.
Democrats have leverage on the immigration issue because their votes are needed to pass spending measures in the Senate.
U.S. President Donald Trump in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
The next spending deadline looms on Thursday, with Democrats defiant in their demands and Republicans remaining divided.
FOUR-PART OFFER
Trump has offered the Dreamers a path to citizenship, but only on the condition he also gets funding for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, as well as other immigration-related measures that Democrats oppose.
Last month, he proposed letting 1.8 million Dreamers stay in the country and become citizens in exchange for $25 billion for the wall, curbs on family-sponsored immigration, and an end to a visa lottery program.
Some lawmakers want Trump's four-part immigration framework pared back, while others want it approved or made even more strict on future immigration.
“If we can solve DACA and border security that may be the best I can hope for,” Senator John Thune, a member of the Republican leadership, told reporters at the retreat.
Senator James Lankford was among Republicans who said this week that Trump could give Congress more time to reach a deal by extending the Dreamers' deadline beyond March 5.
Trump reiterated on Thursday at the retreat that all four components of his framework must be included in a deal, a stance viewed as unworkable by many lawmakers in both parties.
Some Republicans say the March 5 deadline lost its power last month when a federal court blocked the rescinding of DACA. That meant the law would remain in effect until the Supreme Court resolves the case, which is unlikely by March 5.
In a research note, financial firm Height Analytics set the odds of another shutdown next week at 65 percent.
Republicans are trying to call Democrats' bluff on DACA, but the Democrats look even more willing to allow a shutdown than they were last month, the analysts said. “What this has become is a very absurd game of chicken,” they said in the note.
Atlanta Braves star first baseman Freddie Freeman left Wednesday's game against the New York Yankees after being hit by a pitch just above his right elbow.
Freeman was plunked by Yankees left-hander CC Sabathia in the third inning. The two-time All-Star did not receive any medical attention and initially stayed in the game before being replaced by Danny Santana in the fourth inning.
The Braves have not disclosed any diagnosis or details about Freeman's injury.
Freeman, 28, is batting .308 with 16 home runs and 56 RBIs this season for the Braves.
In the past three years Supercars great Jamie Whincup has had plenty of luck at Mount Panorama.
Unfortunately for the four-time Bathurst 1000 champion, all of it has been bad and it seems the six-time Supercars champions fortunes have not changed.
Whincup, 34, surprisingly missed out on Saturday's Top 10 Shootout for this weekend's Great Race after a red flag prematurely ended his scorching lap.
He will start from 11th on Sunday's grid.
The Holden great looked set to break into the top 10 and book a shootout berth when he came thundering down the mountain with just seconds left in Friday's 40-minute qualifying session.
Then James Moffat hit the wall at the Dipper, ensuring the session ended promptly under the red flag and Whincup's last gasp effort wouldn't count.
To add further insult, Whincup had earlier watched his Mount Panorama lap record eclipsed by a whopping 0.76 of a second by Ford's Scott McLaughlin (two minutes, 04.14 seconds) at Friday's practice session.
It all added to Whincup's recent woeful run on the mountain.
In 2014 he defied team orders, refused to conserve fuel and went for the win, eventually spluttering to fifth.
In 2015, Whincup again earned his team's ire when he ignored instructions to pit and instead kept driving only to accidentally pass the safety car and finish 18th.
Last year was possibly the most cruel.
Whincup crossed the line first but finished 11th due to a 15-second penalty for his role in a spectacular crash vying for the lead with McLaughlin and Holden's Garth Tander in the dying laps.
Whincup clearly can't afford another slip-up. He is second in the championship just 84 points behind leader McLaughlin.
But Whincup has refused to point the finger after his latest setback as he planned to bounce back in Sunday's 161-lap classic.
"I'm not going to give you a hard-luck story," he told reporters.
"We had plenty of opportunity to go fast and we didn't go quick.
"It's amazing, it's not much (difference in times) and 'boom', you're out of the 10.
"That's the reality of this game, it's crazy competitive."
Whincup said he had no choice but to-fine tune his Holden at Saturday's practice session before having a crack at a fifth King of the Mountain title the next day.
After his qualifying hiccup, Whincup will be forced to watch the shootout - which decides the top 10 grid positions - trackside on Saturday.
"We've got to try to find some pace at practice, maximise that one and then roll on Sunday," said Whincup.
"There's no point of going into detail of where it (the car) is (lacking) but looking at the sector times we're down everywhere."
The shootout starts at 5.10pm.
The Beekeepers are coming to the Bing Arts Center. The alt.folk trio will perform on June 9 at 8 p.m. as part of the Bing's House Concert series.
Tickets are available through the venue website at bingartscenter.org.
The Beekeepers are an award-winning folk trio from Connecticut. The Bing is at 716 Sumner Ave in Springfield.
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):Ambassador of Pakistan to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Khan Hasham Bin Saddique and Secretary General of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Abdul Latif Bin Rashid Al-Zayani have agreed to enhance the trade ties commensurate with their long-established strategic ties in the region.
Both sides also agreed to undertake mutual efforts in the coming months to enhance Pakistan-GCC ties in all spheres, a press release from the Consulate General of Pakistan Jeddah Wednesday said.
Pak ambassador called on GCC secretary general at the GCC Secretariat in Riyadh.
The GCC secretary general acknowledged the importance of Pakistan-GCC relations and expressed his desire to further enhance GCC-Pakistan trade relations.
He also expressed the readiness of the GCC to resume the dialogue with Pakistan for conclusion of the Pak-GCC Free Trade Agreement.
Ambassador Khan Hasham Bin Saddique briefed the secretary general of the trade and economic potential of Pakistan, in particular the geographical proximity, its growing role and importance in regional connectivity, as well as the presence of Pakistan's largest expatriate population in the GCC countries.
He also highlighted the significance of China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), which had further added to the attractiveness of Pakistan's trade and investment potential.
The GCC secretary general also expressed his desire to visit Pakistan soon.
This photo released by Europe`s news photo agency EPA on June 19, 2017, shows Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff. (Yonhap)
South Korea's defense minister and the military chief are set to meet with the chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff on Monday amid escalating tensions over North Korea's nuclear and missile threats, officials said.Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford will have separate meetings with Minister Song Young-moo and his South Korean counterpart Lee Sun-jin to discuss responses to North Korea's threats, according to military and government officials.Dunford arrived in South Korea on Sunday for a two-day visit, the second leg for his tour to Asia which also includes stops in Japan and China.North Korea's military said last week that it will finalize its plan by mid-August to stage four intermediate-range ballistic missile strikes near the US Pacific island of Guam, home to key American air and naval bases.Tensions have heightened amid exchanges of incendiary words between Washington and Pyongyang as the North vowed to retaliate against the latest UN sanctions on it spearheaded by the US."The minister and the US top military official are expected to discuss ways to counter North Korea's nuclear and missile threats and bolster the Seoul-Washington alliance," Lee Jin-woo, an official at Seoul's defense ministry, told a press briefing.Dunford is likely to reaffirm Washington's commitment to defend its ally Seoul and offer extended deterrence against North Korea's threats in the event of war, officials said.Extended deterrence refers to the US commitment to mobilize its full range of conventional and strategic military assets including nuclear capability to protect its allies.Experts said that North Korea is likely to continue its saber-rattling as Seoul and Washington will conduct their annual joint military drills starting late August. Pyongyang has claimed that the exercise is a rehearsal for an invasion.North Korea said in June that it can place a moratorium on its nuclear and missile tests if the US suspends the military drills, but Seoul and Washington rejected the idea."The government has not considered adjusting the size of the military drill. It is a just and legitimate annual exercise in a defensive nature to counter North Korea's provocations under the allies' defense treaty," said Lee, the ministry official. (Yonhap)
Bajaur Agency
One person was killed and three others injured after unidentified persons attacked them inside a Mosque in Bajaur Agency.
Officials of the local administration told media Wednesday that the incident took place in Malanagi area of Mamond tehsil in the early hours of Wednesday.
They said members of Tablighi Jammat who had been in the Mosque from the last two days were asleep when unidentified armed persons attacked them with automatic weapons.One identified as Manasab Khan was died on the spot while three others were seriously wounded.—APP
Brazilian-born and New York City-raised “Homeland” and “Deadpool” actress Morena Baccarin has sold a restored and updated late-1930s hilltop traditional high in the hipster-chic hills between Los Angeles' Silver Lake and Echo Park neighborhoods for just under $2.1 million, a smidgen above It's not quite $2 million asking price. Property records show the new owner is “Days of Our Lives” actor Blake Berris and writer-actress Alexandra McGuinness, daughter of former U2 manager Paul McGuinness. Baccarin, married last year to her “Gotham” co-star Ben McKenzie, bought the property in June 2012 for almost $1.3 million.
Perched privately well above the street and concealed behind mature trees, the just over 2,900-square-foot residence, designed by architect Winchton L. Risley, has four and potentially five bedrooms and three bathrooms. Main-floor living spaces include a step-down living room with fireplace and a separate dining room with built-in china cabinets. A charming breakfast room links through to an up-to-date kitchen set off by a vintage range. There's also an oversize laundry room and an en suite bedroom for guests or staff.
A dark-paneled den with fireplace shares the upper floor with a pair of guest bedrooms joined by a Jack 'n' Jill bathroom with minty-green vintage tile. The master suite comfortably accommodates a generous sitting area and includes a walk-in closet, another vintage tiled bathroom and French doors to a spacious deck on the uppermost section of the terraced backyard, which features a tree-framed view over and beyond Silver Lake Reservoir.
Baccarin, who reportedly maintains a home in Brazil and, as of late last year, an apartment in New York City's Battery Park neighborhood, still holds title to a 1920s Spanish-style duplex in the Atwater Village area of Los Angeles she scooped up almost ten years ago for a tad under $650,000.
listing photos: Compass
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* THE MINISTRY OF TRADE, INDUSTRY AND FISHERIES SAID 47 COMPANIES IN THE SALMON INDUSTRY HAD APPLIED FOR NEW LICENCES FOR AROUND 2 PERCENT PRODUCTION GROWTH
* NORWAY‘S SALMON COMPANIES APPLY FOR NEW LICENCES UNDER NEW “TRAFFIC LIGHT” SYSTEM FOR NOK 948 MILLION
* NEW LICENCES GIVE POTENTIAL ANNUAL PRODUCTION INCREASE OF 7,897 TONNES, WHICH IS AROUND 95 PERCENT OF GROWTH OFFERED
* THE AUCTIONS WILL TAKE PLACE DURING SPRING 2018 Source text: here (Reporting By Camilla Knudsen)
Buy Photo Brandon Copeland (Photo: Daniel Mears, The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Allen Park — The Detroit Lions have reportedly lost a second player for the season. The NFL Network is reporting Brandon Copeland suffered a torn pectoral muscle in Sunday's preseason game against the Colts.
He had been in the mix to start at strong side linebacker and also provided much-needed depth at defensive tackle. He was injured making a tackle in the fourth quarter of the game against the Colts, when a teammate and the ball carrier both fell on top of him.
Copeland, 26, was entering his third season with the Lions. An undrafted free agent out of Penn, he caught the team's attention with an impressive performance at the inaugural veteran combine, held during the offseason in 2015.
Since joining the Lions, he's appeared in all 32 games, serving an important function on multiple special teams units. His 305 special team snaps in 2016 were a team-high.
The Lions also lost defensive end Kerry Hyder in the game to an Achilles tendon injury.
jdrogers@detnews.com
Twitter: @justin_rogers
Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath, right, talks with deputy leader Jagmeet Singh as they look over the 2017 Ontario budget at Queen's Park in April. ( Nathan Denette / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
By many measures this should be the best of times for Andrea Horwath and the Ontario NDP she leads. She's ranked as the most popular and the most trustworthy of the three major party leaders in Ontario, faring better in public opinion polls than either Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne or Conservative leader Patrick Brown. She's also an experienced campaigner, having led the NDP in the last two elections, and has survived the storms that face any leader during an intense election battle. In addition, she has a relatively strong team of veteran MPPs who can deliver votes in their respective ridings. Add in the fact Wynne is highly unpopular right now and Brown is still widely unknown and it's easy to see why you'd expect Horwarth and the NDP to be riding high just one year away from the June 7, 2018, provincial election. But instead, these may be the worst of times for Horwath and the NDP.
Article Continued Below
While the mantra of “time for change” is strong after 14 years of Liberal rule, voters unhappy with Wynne are shifting to the Conservatives — not the NDP. Indeed, the party is mired in third place in the polls behind the Conservatives and Liberals and has been almost since the last election in 2014. Its popular support is stuck in the 22-to 24-per-cent range, virtually unchanged from the 23.7 per cent it received in the 2014 election, while the Tories have surged at the expense of the Liberals. At the same time, barely 44 per cent of voters can identify Horwath as the party leader even though she's held that job for eight years.
As well, the NDP has lost seven straight byelections since the 2014 vote, even losing the Sudbury riding in 2015 that it had won in the general election. The most devastating defeat came just two weeks ago when the NDP finished second behind the Tories in Sault Ste. Marie, a riding the NDP felt confident of winning. Meanwhile, the Tories have won two byelections in ridings previously held by the Liberals and held on to all three ridings they had won in 2014. What's gone so wrong for Horwath? As tempting as it is for NDP voters to blame the media for dismissing Horwath, the reality is that she hasn't been able to connect with voters. Even senior NDP officials concede she's a poor “retail” politician, failing to spark genuine excitement for her personally. Some NDP insiders also admit Horwath has failed to fully recover from the internal party fight that erupted in the midst of what was a disappointing 2014 campaign when senior NDP supporters openly accused her of moving the party so far to the middle on policy that the Liberals were able to claim the “progressive” ground on key issues. Ultimately, two-thirds of Ontarians fall into the “progressive” camp. That's traditionally where Ontario Liberals play — and when they win it's often because they champion progressive ideas. In the coming election, Horwath will campaign heavily on the need to cut hydro rates, increase hospital funding and implement a full pharmacare program. But in recent months, Wynne has unveiled a series of progressive-friendly measures, from raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour to rent controls, more affordable daycare space, pharmacare for residents under 25 and free post-secondary education for tens of thousands of students. These moves have left Horwath to suggest in a Canadian Press interview that the Liberals “tend to steal” ideas first initiated by the NDP. Horwath also must deal with a general lack of a political ground organization, especially at the riding level, which has likely worsened since the huge setback the federal NDP suffered in 2015. Also, Horwath could lose her strongest organizer in the Peel region if MPP Jagmeet Singh wins the federal NDP leadership race. Combined, these factors add up to a tough election for the NDP. By the time of the 2018 election, Horwath will have been NDP leader for nine years. She can point with pride to some successes, lifting the party from 10 seats in the 2007 election to 17 seats in 2011, her first campaign as leader, and to 21 seats in 2014. That's a big improvement over the Howard Hampton years, yet far behind the 74 seats won under Rae in 1990. But unless she can pull off a miracle and start winning over many of the disillusioned voters who are now moving from the Liberal to the Tories, it's likely Horwath will be gone as leader soon after the results of 2018 are made final. Bob Hepburn's column appears Thursday. bhepburn@thestar.ca
Read more about:
Mapbox, the open source mapping service that competes directly with Google's Maps Platform, today announced a new software development kit (SDK) that will make it easier for developers to build applications that provide AR navigation. That by itself would be cool, but by using ARM's Project Trillium AI platform, the Mapbox Vision SDK can also recognize other vehicles, pedestrians, speed limit signs, construction signs, crosswalks and more, all without having to train their own machine learning models to do so.
It's easy to see how this could be useful for navigation apps, but Mapbox is going a step further by also integrating its service deeply with Microsoft's Azure IoT platform. Indeed, the company has integrated the open source Azure IoT Edge runtime into its SDK to allow developers to easily push events that the Vision SDK detects into the cloud. Thanks to this, you could easily crowdsource data about roadside construction, for example, or how busy a given intersection currently is. And in the context of a navigation app, the driver could get the same info in real-time, too (just in case you missed that construction sign…).
“The future of location is building live maps in real-time from distributed sensor networks embedded in vehicles and mobile devices at scale,” said Eric Gundersen, CEO of Mapbox, in today's announcement. “Every vehicle and mobile device utilizing the Vision SDK creates a better map, and this same data is streamed back to Microsoft Azure for further processing. The Vision SDK not only runs in real-time to improve the driving experience in the vehicle, but also generates data for the back end to update the map based on changing conditions, powering larger solutions for smart cities or insurance companies.”
Using ARM's Project Trillium platform, the SDK is able to make use of the mobile device's onboard CPUs, GPUs and AI chips (if available) to perform the necessary object recognition. Once new phones launch with ARM's new ML and object detection processors, the SDK will be able to perform all of these functions even faster, but for now, it can extract features from the video feed at a speed of about ten times a second.
Mapbox notes that its SDK will work on iOS and Android, but developers could also use it directly in a car that uses ARM embedded automotive chipsets.
The company says that it currently has about 1.1 million developers on its platform. It uses a variety of sources for its mapping data, but the core of its data comes from the OpenStreetMap project.
Rawalpindi
As many as 2500 policemen would be deployed on the occassion of Independence Day, a police spokesman said here on Sunday. Talking to APP, he said that a comprehensive security plan had been devised for the day. The policemen, Special Branch, Elite Force commandoes would be deployed in the city to maintain law and order. The patrolling would be ensured to keep an eye on suspects. The police have divided Rawalpindi into 7 sectors while special police pickets have also been established at the entry and exit points. Muhafuiz Squad will also patrol in the city to maintain law and order. The use of fireworks and aerial firing would be strictly banned on Independence Day.—APP
Related
Cardiff
Pakistan made history on Wednesday after they qualified for the final of the Champions Trophy for the first time in history, beating hosts England in the semifinal at Cardiff. Opening batsmen Azhar Ali and Fakhar Zaman departed but not before adding 118 runs together on the board to put Pakistan on course? Fakhar provided a great platform to Pakistan, scoring 57 off 58 balls with seven 4's and one six. Azhar Ali scored 76 off 100 balls before being dismissed by Jake Ball. It was a mere formality when Mohammad Hafeez walked in to take Pakistan to final of Champions Trophy for the first time. Babar Azam scored 38 while Mohammad Hafeez made 31 off just 21 balls. England were bowled out in the last over of the innings after Pakistani seamers rip through the middle order of the strong English line-up.were bowled out in the last over of the innings after Pakistani seamers rip through the middle order of the strong English line-up.were bowled out in the last over of the innings after Pakistani seamers rip through the middle order of the strong English line-up.were bowled out in the last over of the innings after Pakistani seamers rip through the middle order of the strong English line-up. Sent in on a used pitch after Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed won the toss, England found runs hard to come by, with no batsman making a fifty. Joe Root top-scored with 46 and Jonny Bairstow, recalled in place of dropped opener Jason Roy, 43.
Hasan Ali continued his great form in the tournament, picking up three wickets while Rumman Raees and Junaid Khan picked up two each.
The fast bowlers were greatly supported by the spinners as Shadab Khan got one wicket while Mohammad Hafeez and Imad Wasim bowled miserly. Hasan Ali picked up the big wicket of Ben Stokes of a slow ball.Few overs earlier, Adil Rashid was run out by substitute fielder Ahmed Shahzad.
Such was Pakistan´s control that usually big-hitting England all-rounder Ben Stokes´s 34 took 64 balls and did not include a single boundary.
Junaid Khan struck again to dismiss Moeen Ali off a brilliant catch by Fakhar Zama. England were eight down for 201 in the 48th over. Junaid Khan had Jos Butler (4) out only moments earlier.
England's fourth wicket fell when Hasan Ali struck again to dismiss skipper Eoin Morgan (33). Young spinner Shadab Khan dismissed Joe Root to end a promising partnership between the prolific batsman and Eoin Morgan.
Earlier, Hasan Ali ended Jonny Bairstow's innings (43) as Pakistan continued to keep the English batting on the backfoot. Rumman Raees picked up the wicket of opener Alex Hales (13) in the sixth over of the innings. The wicket came after both England openers had survived early LBW scares by the Pakistani pace attack.
For the second time in three days in Cardiff, Sarfraz won the toss and elected to field on what was now a used pitch.
“We would have batted first anyway,” said England captain Eoin Morgan at the toss. “Throughout the competition, this pitch has shown to be better to set a target than chase one. “Pakistan can beat any team in the competition on their day so we´re preparing for their best,” the top-order batsman added.
Meanwhile Sarfraz said: “England are a good team so we have to play positive cricket against them.” Pakistan suffered a blow as Mohammad Amir was ruled out of the Champions Trophy semi-final against England at Cardiff.
Amir was sidelined with a back spasm, having been a key figure in Pakistan´s virtual quarter-final win against Sri Lanka in Cardiff on Monday. The left-arm quick took two for 53 and also starred with the bat, making an unbeaten 28 in a match-clinching unbroken stand of 75 with Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed (61 not out) that clinched a three-wicket win.
Amir was replaced by fellow left-arm seamer Rumman Raees, making his ODI debut. The 25-year-old Rumman, originally summoned as an injury replacement for Wahab Riaz after the fast bowler suffered a tournament-ending ankle injury against India, has represented Pakistan in two Twenty20 Internationals to date. He has also taken 123 wickets in 42 first-class matches.
Pakistan made another change bringing in leg-spinning all-rounder Shadab Khan in place of Fahim Ashraf, a pace-bowling all-rounder. England's Jonny Bairstow is in for out-of-form opener Jason Roy.
Tournament hosts England is the only unbeaten side left in an event featuring the world's top eight ODI sides, having won all three of their group games. Pakistan are playing their fourth semi-final of the tournament, having made past appearances in 2000, 2004 and 2009. England, on the other hand, have made it to the finals of the tournament in 2004 and 2013.—AFP
Sanctions Revoked Following Sustained Positive Action by the Government of Sudan
Washington, DC - Today, the United States decided to revoke economic sanctions with respect to Sudan and the Government of Sudan under Executive Orders 13067 and 13412, in recognition of the Government of Sudan's sustained positive actions to maintain a cessation of hostilities in conflict areas in Sudan, improve humanitarian access throughout Sudan, and maintain cooperation with the United States on addressing regional conflicts and the threat of terrorism. The revocation will be effective October 12, 2017. This action came about through a focused, 16-month diplomatic effort to make progress with Sudan in these key areas.
To implement this decision, pursuant to Executive Order 13761, as amended by Executive Order 13804, and following consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), Secretary of State Tillerson will publish a notice in the Federal Register and has provided a report to the President on the Government of Sudan's sustained positive actions over the mandated reporting period of the last nine months.
The Government of Sudan's actions during the last nine months show that it is serious about cooperating with the United States and has taken significant steps to stop conflict and improve humanitarian access within Sudan, and to promote regional stability. However, much more progress is needed to fully and sustainably achieve peace in Sudan and to cooperate with the United States on a range of Administration priorities, including further expanding humanitarian access, improving the Government of Sudan's human rights and religious freedom practices, and ensuring that the Government of Sudan is committed to the full implementation of UN Security Council resolutions on North Korea.
The United States will continue efforts to improve bilateral relations with Sudan. Any further normalization of ties will require continued progress by the Government of Sudan. Furthermore, the United States is prepared to use additional tools to apply pressure if the Government of Sudan regresses on progress to date in the five areas noted above or takes negative actions on other areas of concern.
Pink is not going to let the flu stop her from singing the National Anthem at the Super Bowl. At least, she's hoping it won't.The singer, who is from Doylestown, Bucks County, and a Philadelphia Eagles fan, posted on Instagram that she is "trying to practice the flu away."Pink says since watching Whitney Houston perform the Anthem in 1991, it has been one of her dreams to sing the song."And now my chance has finally come," Pink wrote. "I've arrived at another one of my dreams which is slowly becoming a sort of nightmare."Pink calls singing the National Anthem "one of the biggest honors" of her life."...singing this song in front of my family, my military family, my dad and brother and step mama and family and the world. And the EAGLES!?!?! I promise I will do my best, as I always do," Pink wrote.She says though her two children got her into this mess, they can cough at her for the rest of their lives. "If it's a contest, babies, you win," Pink wrote.She ended her message with a hashtag of "If I can sing, I'm going to kill it.Read her full message:
Christopher Mirasolo (Photo: Michigan Department of Corrections)
A Sanilac County Circuit judge has granted parenting time and joint legal custody of an 8-year-old boy to a convicted sex offender who allegedly raped the child's mother nine years ago.
Christopher Mirasolo, 27, of Brown City was awarded joint legal custody by Judge Gregory S. Ross after DNA testing established paternity of the child, according to the victim's attorney, Rebecca Kiessling, who is seeking protection under a new federal Rape Survivor Child Custody Act. A hearing is scheduled for Oct. 25.
The case, initially reported on “The Steve Gruber Show,” a Lansing- based radio program, is believed the first of its kind in Michigan and possibly the nation. According to the victim and Kiessling, it was prompted after the county surveyed the victim regarding child support she had received this past year.
“This is insane,” said Kiessling, who filed objections Friday with Ross. “Nothing has been right about this since it was originally investigated. He was never properly charged and should still be sitting behind bars somewhere but the system is victimizing my client, who was a child herself when this all happened.”
Ross disclosed the rape victim's address to Mirasolo and ordered Mirasolo's name to be added to the child's birth certificate – all without the victim's consent or a hearing, according to Kiessling.
“An assistant prosecutor on this, Eric Scott, told me she had granted her consent, which was a lie – she has never been asked to do this and certainly never signed anything,” Kiessling said.
Scott did not return telephone calls Friday and Sanilac County's elected prosecutor, James V. Young, was out of the office for the day and unavailable, a receptionist said.
According to Kiessling, Mirasolo forcibly raped and threatened to kill her client, now 21, nine years ago when the woman was 12. Mirasolo was 18 when the incident occurred in September 2008.
“She, her 13-year-old sister and a friend all slipped out of their house one night to meet a boy and the boy's older friend, Mirasolo, showed up and asked if they wanted to go for a ride,” said Kiessling. “They thought they were going to McDonald's or somewhere.
“Instead, he tossed their cellphones away, drove to Detroit where he stole gas from a station and then drove back to Sanilac County, where he kept them captive for two days in a vacant house near a relative, finally releasing the sisters in a park. He threatened to kill them if they told anyone what happened.”
Mirasolo was arrested a month later, she said, when her client was pregnant.
While the assault potentially carried a penalty of life or any term of years but not less than 25 years, Mirasolo was given a plea deal by the Sanilac County Prosecutor's Office for attempted third-degree criminal sexual conduct.
Mirasolo was sentenced to one year in the county jail but only served six and a half months before early release so he could care of his sick mother, Kiessling said.
“She (client) and her family was told first-time sex offenders weren't sent to prison because people come out worse after they go there,” said Kiessling.
In March 2010, Mirasolo committed a sex assault on another victim, between the ages of 13 and 15 years old. He served only four years for that second offense, Kiessling said.
Meanwhile the rape victim's family suggested abortion or giving the child up for adoption. She did neither.
“To her credit, she said she didn't want the baby to be a victim, too,” said Kiessling. “She dropped out of school, went to live with relatives out of state and worked jobs to try and support herself.”
The Detroit News' policy is not to identify rape victims.
The woman spoke briefly Friday about her situation.
“I think this is all crazy,” she told The News. “They (officials) never explained anything to me. I was receiving about $260 a month in food stamps for me and my son and health insurance for him. I guess they were trying to see how to get some of the money back.”
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2y1td4f
In this July 3, 2018, image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page, a Thai boy smiles as a Thai Navy SEAL medic helps injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand.
Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday more than a week after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday.
But risky conditions including volatile water levels, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape, which rescue experts have said could be extremely dangerous, especially for people with no experience of scuba gear.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," he said.
He added that if the high water levels fell, the team would be taken out quickly.
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them, as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls.
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water.
More: Thai cave: Boys may have to scuba to safety – even those who can't swim
More: An illustrated look at the Thai cave rescue
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn, the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation, said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, he can come out."
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys, such as locating alternative routes into the cave's network of narrow passageways.
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede. However, that approach could take months, as Thailand's monsoon season usually lasts through October. It's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change. The boys were located taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave's main entrance, and about half a mile below the surface.
Still, the boys and their coach reported that they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page.
The SEALs, including medics, are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks.
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave. While the boys are visibly thin, they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera. In the video, as a light is shone on each boy's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as "wai." A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams. One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow.
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children. "It's like he has been given a new life," Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave, told the Associated Press. She said she''ll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Whether it's a few days on thrilling roller coasters at Six Flags Over Texas, cheering on MLB Texas Rangers at Globe Life Park in Arlington, splashing around at Hurricane Harbor or enjoying a tour in one of the world's most cutting-edge sports arenas and home to the NFL Dallas Cowboys, the $1.3 billion AT&T Stadium, Arlington has what it takes for you…… More
A civilian observing a firearms training session at the Athol Police Department firearms program was accidentally shot and wounded Wednesday, the Northwestern District Attorney's Office said in a release.
Spokeswoman Mary Carey said the victim was transported to a local hospital with a gunshot wound to the "upper rear leg area."
Massachusetts State Police detectives attached to the district attorney's office are investigating while the Town of Athol will be conducting its own internal review.
The Washington Redskins have signed cornerback Orlando Scandrick to a two-year deal worth up to $10 million, a source said.
Scandrick, 31, was released by the Dallas Cowboys on Saturday, granting his request to become a free agent.
With Washington, Scandrick will compete to start outside opposite Josh Norman. The Redskins had been in talks with Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, but his price tag was too high for them.
The Redskins wanted a veteran presence at the position while hoping last year's third-round pick, Fabian Moreau, develops; he played 58 snaps last season. The Redskins also have Quinton Dunbar, who will challenge outside as well. Scandrick also likely would play inside versus slot receivers when needed.
Injuries took their toll on Scandrick in recent years, with the most severe a knee injury that cost him the 2015 season. He also dealt with a back injury last season, and the Cowboys filled his void with younger players such as rookies Chidobe Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis at outside cornerback, and safety Xavier Woods in the slot.
Scandrick joined the Cowboys as a fifth-round pick in 2008 and outperformed their first-round pick from that year, Mike Jenkins. He served as a slot corner his first five years, becoming one of the best interior defenders in the league. He moved into a full starting role in 2013.
In 125 games spanning nine seasons with Dallas, Scandrick had 406 tackles, 63 passes defensed, 8 forced fumbles, 8 interceptions and 1 touchdown.
ESPN's Todd Archer contributed to this report.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Inspired Entertainment Inc:
* Q1 LOSS PER SHARE $0.20‍​
* INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT, INC. REPORTS STRONG FIRST QUARTER 2018 RESULTS
* Q1 REVENUE ROSE 16.1 PERCENT TO $31.4 MILLION
* INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT - MAINTAINS OUTLOOK OF ADJUSTED EBITDA FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING SEPTEMBER 30, 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Xped Ltd:
* MADE AN INVESTMENT IN MARKETPLACE SERVICES PTY LTD
* INVESTMENT CONSISTS OF AN ALLOCATION OF 25 MILLION SHARES FOR 5.5% SHAREHOLDING IN MARKETPLACE SERVICES PTY LTD Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tennis: Federer stunned by Zverev in Montreal final
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 09:24 IST
Aug 13, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roger Federer of Switzerland (right) shakes hands with Alexander Zverev of Germany. Zverev defeated Federer 6-3 and 6-4 in the men's final at the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
REUTERS - German fourth seed Alexander Zverev upset Roger Federer 6-3 6-4 in the Rogers Cup final in Montreal on Sunday to join the Swiss right-hander as the most trophy-laden player on the ATP Tour this year with five titles.
The 20-year-old German, who arrived in Montreal fresh from his triumph in Washington, proved up for the task right out of the gate as he had the Swiss second seed on his heels from the start on a sunny afternoon.
Zverev was poised and aggressive off the ground to create space for his power game and displayed some short-angled winners off thumping forehands and backhands to grab an early break for a 3-1 lead. He consolidated for a 4-1 cushion and ultimately closed out the opening set after a mere 30 minutes.
Federer, who entered the match 5-0 in finals this year, started to find his groove early in the second set but suddenly appeared out of sorts while Zverev broke in the seventh game to pull ahead 4-3 and held on for a surprise win that took 68 minutes.
The victory over the 19-times grand slam champion was the second ATP World Tour Masters 1000 title of the season for Zverev, who also beat Novak Djokovic in Rome.
"This one against Roger is something so special for me because he was always a great idol growing up for me," Zverev said during his trophy presentation. "The greatest player of all time, beating him in a final, not just any final but in the final of a Masters 1000, is amazing."
The win improved Zverev to 5-1 in finals this year with the only defeat coming at the hands of Federer at Halle.
Federer spent six months on the sidelines in the second half of last season but has returned to his very best this year by winning five titles, including a pair of grand slams at the Australian Open and Wimbledon.
He seemed ready to shift momentum early in the second set when he earned a trio of break points but Zverev saved them all in dominant fashion to hold for 1-1.
Zverev then grabbed the decisive break in the seventh game to pull ahead 4-3 before cruising to the finish line.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; Editing by Clare Fallon)
Photo: Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while her sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and her fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music. Over the weekend, however, Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London.
Related: Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘The Trick to Holding On'
Her headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “Blank Space” and “Shake It Off” from the former. From the latter, Taylor performed “Gorgeous,” “Look What You Made Me Do” and “…Ready For It?” For good measure, Swift threw in a solo rendition of her duet with Zayn Malik: “I Don't Wanna Live Forever.”
The performance followed almost a month after her November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live. Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne.
Watch Taylor perform “Ready For It,” “Gorgeous” and “Look What You Made Me Do” below:
Source: Mugabe SA trip wasted chance – The Zimbabwe Independent October 6, 2017
PRESIDENT Robert Mugabe returned home from South Africa on Wednesday from a Bi-National Commission meeting held at Sefako Makgatho Presidential Guest House in Pretoria. South Africa is Zimbabwe's biggest trading partner accounting for 78% of exports.
Editorial Comment
The visit was not only symbolic, but also vital, especially given Harare's state of affairs. The economy is imploding.
Although reports show that Zimbabwe and South Africa signed five bilateral agreements in cross-border trading co-operation, energy, environment, information communication technology and sports and recreation, details of these pacts remain thin.
The issue is Mugabe missed an opportunity to table important issues besetting the economy. The most critical being the currency crisis, energy, water and sanitation and ease of doing business.
Given the dire economic situation that we find ourselves in, Mugabe could have parked his ego and engaged his counterpart to put out the burning fires at home. Business leaders and experts have over the past year made a clarion call for Zimbabwe to adopt the South African rand as an anchor currency. They have argued that Zimbabwe does not necessarily have to be part of the Rand Monetary Union to pursue this arrangement.
But the absence of a business delegation accompanying the president during his recent trip only shows how inept Mugabe is when it comes to the real issues concerning the economy.
Since the beginning of the year, the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe has been coming up with ad hoc plans to stop South Africa's power utility from switching off Zimbabweans due to a growing debt. For Mugabe, this trip should have been a perfect platform to engage Zuma on currency and how to come up with a lasting solution on Zimbabwe's perennial power crisis.
This trip should have also given him a chance to look at areas of technical co-operation in addressing other key issues such as water and sanitation. Some residential areas in Zimbabwe have not seen a drop of water coming out of their taps for more than a decade.
Finally, while Mugabe was meeting Zuma, back home his government was busy bungling a multi-million rail project which could have served as an economic catalyst for Zimbabwe's troubled economy.
Just last month, the Zimbabwe Independent reported that cabinet had shipwrecked the National Railways of Zimbabwe's US$400 million recapitalisation deal over funding and internal squabbles. Instead of bringing closure to this issue, Mugabe dodged the matter and focussed on peripheral issues.
Yet infrastructure is critical to economic recovery and South Africa could help as shown by the Group 5 road renovation project.
All this points to a leader who is not only clueless, but also too incompetent to run an economy with enormous potential, which at Independence in 1980 was referred to as the Jewel of Africa. His trip was a squandered opportunity.
(Reuters) - The United States and North Korea are worlds apart in economic, political and cultural ways, but the two officials meeting in New York to explore a possible historic summit both have military backgrounds and are known as political hard-liners.
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo testifies that North Korea has not responded in recent days to queries by the United States to prepare logistics for an upcoming summit during his appearance at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 24, 2018. REUTERS/Toya Sarno Jordan
The following are some facts about U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and North Korean senior official Kim Yong Chol:
MIKE POMPEO
Pompeo, U.S. President Donald Trump's first CIA director, became his second secretary of state on April 26, replacing the fired Rex Tillerson.
A former Republican congressman from Kansas, Pompeo made his reputation in the U.S. House of Representatives as a hard-right “Tea Party” conservative with hawkish world views. He is now a Trump loyalist and close adviser to the president.
Asia experts have debated whether Pompeo, 54, with his Trump-style partisanship, will help foster or hinder this year's overtures between Washington and Pyongyang. He has said North Korea was just months away from being able to fire a nuclear-tipped missile that could reach the United States.
On other fronts, the former U.S. Army officer and Harvard Law School graduate has been known to play down U.S. intelligence agency conclusions of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, which Moscow denies.
Meanwhile, according to some U.S. officials, he has chosen to stress Iran's missile development and role in Middle East conflicts instead of its adherence to the 2015 international nuclear deal.
Pompeo made back-to-back trips to North Korea in April and May to meet with leader Kim Jong-un as prospects grew for a summit with Trump.
He returned to the United States from the May trip with three American prisoners who had been freed by Pyongyang in a gesture aimed at paving the way for a summit.
KIM YONG CHOL
He is a four-star general who is vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee and a close aide to Kim Jong-un. As director of the United Front Department, he steers Pyongyang's relations with South Korea.
Kim Yong Chol, thought to be about 72-years-old, was accused by Seoul of planning deadly attacks on a South Korean navy ship and an island in 2010. He was also linked by U.S. intelligence to a cyberattack on Sony Pictures in 2014.
North Korea denied involvement in both incidents.
More recently, however, he has played a role in the easing of relations between the two Koreas and with the United States following months of belligerent rhetoric between Trump and leader Kim.
Kim Yong Chol played a role, along with South Korean intelligence chief Suh Hoon, in arranging a surprise meeting in April between Pompeo and Kim Jong-un in North Korea.
North Korean envoy Kim Yong Chol arrives at a hotel in New York, U.S., May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
White nationalist Richard Spencer speaks to select media in his office space on Monday in Alexandria, Virginia. Spencer, head of the National Policy Institute and self-described creator of the term "alt-right," announced his intention to speak at rallies at Texas A&M University and the University of Florida in September. Spencer attended this past weekend's violent protests at the University of Virginia that left at least three people dead and dozens injured. (Photo: Tasos Katopodis / Getty Images)
Birmingham, Ala. — Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton had said he was planning a “White Lives Matter” rally at Texas A&M University in September, but the university later said it had been canceled.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
“We're going to be more active than ever before,” Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Heimbach called the event Saturday “an absolute stunning victory” for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
On Monday, however, protesters in North Carolina toppled a long-standing statue of a Confederate soldier. Video footage posted online shows protesters — some white, some black — kicking the crumpled bronze statue outside a Durham courthouse.
Google disables neo-Nazi website
Google says it's canceling the registration of neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer for violating its terms of service, after it posted an article mocking the woman who was run over and killed at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
The site was briefly down Monday — following a move by registration company GoDaddy to also cancel the site's domain name. But after a short time it was back up, including a post from the website's publisher, Andrew Anglin, saying he had retaken control of the site. The site claimed it was briefly controlled by a member of the “Anonymous” group of hackers.
The article about Heather Heyer criticizes her appearance, that she had no children, and that she couldn't move fast enough to avoid the charging car.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uISs8R
Dry for now. But, that's likely to change starting Friday. Click and watch the forecast video for details.
The outcome of the Upper West Regional Executive Member Elections of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) conducted, and results declared, at the Upper West Regional Library on Monday, April 23, 2017 justifies the saying that, ‘money can buy anything' including the conscience of an NPP delegate [emphasis mine].
Background
I learnt one granduncle of mine called Basilide Kangberee who in the past two years was yet not known by the NPP Party members in the Upper West Region has been elected the Party's Regional Chairman at the said election scheduled and conducted with the details above. His first appearance in the region was in the middle of 2017. Now he is the Regional Chairman. It is said that he thrusted his financial muscles, by the fist, to many and they couldn't resist it. He brought enough money, bought delegates and won the so called fiercely contested election with ease.
It's alleged he invited all delegates to dinner at a place called Jirapa Dubai where all, except some 60 delegates, attended. There, they dined and listened to sugar-coated promises of party office for each constituency, two pockets of roofing sheet for each delegate and some amount of cash to be given at a later date. Construction experts were brought to explain the office designs to the attendee audience. Then afterwards, each attendee received GHS500 and the meeting was closed. Between the first meeting at Dubai and the election, it has become common knowledge that mobile phones and an amount of GHS2,000 were distributed.
Factors to Consider
I'm going to consider the Regional Chairmanship position in this case because it's at that position the gaps between the winner and the other aspirants are unimaginably great. For one aspirant to attain as high as one hundred and thirty-three times more votes than another leaves much to question: What must have been the reason? Is this got to do with loyalty issues? Are the losing contestants new to the delegates? Haven't they ever contested or served the party in any way under any known or recognised capacity? Have they not been with the grassroots through the woods? Have they not fought together to attain victory for the New Patriotic Party in the Upper West Region in the immediate past election?
If all of these questions are legitimate, then why must all those toils be thrown to the bins? Is loyalty no longer of any essence? I say No! It isn't of essence when it comes to NPP Executive Elections. We just observed one yesterday. It's rather money that's of immeasurable essence. Everything a candidate needs to gain loyalty of party delegates was (still is) possessed by all contestants at yesterday's election except Basilide Kangberee, ‘the money man' as he's fondly called by people who are zealously enthusiastic about his course. I thought the appropriate phrase for him would rather be ‘the conscience buyer.'
Ungrateful and Hungry Delegates
What happens to the gratitude buds in your conscience? Don't they secret gratefulness any longer? If you people were wise enough to have formed a force to win five seats, at once, for the NPP, why then aren't you informed enough to know that this isn't the course to thread? All of you have always identified yourselves with the NPP's Upper West victory of five parliamentary seats. That's why I call all of you wise team members, but I actually don't consider you as such. This may seem to many a contradictory statement but it's not. Only the few among you who own their conscience and were decisive at the election would understand.
You delegates were elected after the victory of NPP at the 2016 Elections. No wonder, if you were the kind of leaders NPP took to Election 2016, the party would have no victory. You know why? You would have advised for vote buying which your party hadn't the financial muscle to do. The Victory you guys claim now would not have been yours. You still would have been languishing in the hunger you thought you were in before Basilide Kangberee intervened.
The Consequences of Your Action
The man you have elected Regional Chairman is an international businessman and knows how, when, what, where and why to invest his money. You are delegates and you don't know the power of your thumbprint? Next time you think of messing up, consult some elderly minds. You may limit the resultant damage. My little advice for you free-of-cost.
None of you has sat back to ask why this man, upon his immense riches, never contested any position in the party when you were in opposition. Okay, perhaps, he might have been sponsoring the party financially behind the veil. If not, then he would have seen you to be so gullible to be influenced. And truly you have confirmed it.
If there's any man from among you who can hold this man to account on any issue in this bought position of his, say aye and I will challenge you to a bet that you can't ever win. You know why? It's because he has bought and owned your power to ask relevant questions, your reputation, your sacrifice to the party and every other thing you prided yourselves on, for the song.
In order to be fair, I need to hear the other side. Hon. Kangberee, please I have some three questions for you and would be very grateful if you could respond to them appropriately. If you do, satisfactorily, I will write a rejoinder to retract some excerpts of this piece.
Here run the questions:
First of all, I know you had the financial capacity to contest for the seat you have won; the opportunity has presented itself because you have come at a time the delegates are hungry the most; I would want to know what motivates you to contest?
Also, you are this rich and we never heard of your support or philanthropic activities in the region before this election; why? Here, I may stand for correction.
The third and last, why contest now when the party is in power; where were you when the party was straggling to win power using all sorts of slogans and threatening statements?
Final Words
Those of you delegates who have sold your conscience and long standing reputation, if you knew you had it, for two pockets of roofing sheet, a dinner at Jirapa Dubai, GHS2,500 cash apiece etc. delegates will demand same from you when your turn comes for you to contest for reelection. Mind you the voters at your roots are now aware you make money at elections. Sir or Madam Politician your clock is ticking. The burden will surely come. Let's see what you'll do when a day to your reelection date arrives. It sure will.
If you didn't know the implication of what you have done, be reminded you have brought to the fore evidence that there is unbearable hardship in Ghana. Otherwise why would a whole respected constituency executive member of a ruling party sell out their conscience and freedom to think for a paltry and trashy sum of not more than GHS5,000? It's a pity.
I thought the National Democratic Congress (NDC) will have had a tough time with you at the next polls. Little did I know that your smartness couldn't pay for toffee.
It isn't for any reason I'm concerned, but for the fact that you are the ones that will decide on who is appointed by the current government to rule us in the Upper West Region. This remains my utmost concern. Otherwise, do I care whether ‘the donkey remains obstinate or asks the reasons it should take the route approved by its master?' I don't think it will be proper for us to sit back and allow you sweep us all down the drains all in the name of party internal politics.
Upper west deserves better!
A partnership of ‘metro mayors' is critical to obtaining transport funding from government, the head of Transport for the North told an infrastructure event in Sheffield.
John Cridland said TfN now had decision making powers - but only regional leaders working together would have the “oomph” in negotiations with national leaders.
He was speaking at the launch of law firm CMS' International Infrastructure Index report.
Mr Cridland said: “We now have the right in the North to make decisions, but the money still sits in London. It needs real partnership between leaders to get things done. Metro mayors are critical in areas to have the ‘oomph' in negotiations with national leaders.”
In November, TfN became a sub-national transport body, which means the Secretary of State must take its demands into account when making transport infrastructure investment.
Manchester, Liverpool, Tees Valley and North of Tyne have elected mayors. Yorkshire will have its first, in South Yorkshire, in May.
The Government underlined its support for the model in the Budget. Six areas with a metro mayor will share half of the £1.7bn Transforming Cities Fund, with the rest of the country competing for the rest.
John Mothersole, chief executive of Sheffield City Council, said: “The Budget sent a very clear message the distribution of funds will be through mayors.
“In South Yorkshire, we are heading towards an elected mayor next year. I think the devolution model, with good leadership, can give stability and clarity.
“There's a deal on offer at the moment and it should be taken.
“In Sheffield City Region we have done two devolution deals, a growth plan, we have an infrastructure plan, the only thing we haven't done yet is elected a mayor. There's a lot in place.”
Mr Mothersole also said metro mayors were collaborating to get things done.
“There are no hard boundaries, Andy Burnham does not confine himself to talking about Manchester.”
And for global investors, Transport for the North could promote projects large enough to tempt them.
Mr Mothersole added: “Transport for the North is a very bold successful example of something created by the North for the North. It gives clarity, it's a landing point.
“We need to package up the opportunities across the North. We are talking about global funds. Any one city region is too small.”
Mr Cridland said transport played a critical part in boosting wealth and attracting investors.
“We have to fight really hard to be internationally competitive. Take five northern cities and connect them digitally and in transport terms and you've created a virtual city of 8m people.”
The CMS Infrastructure Index presents the top 40 countries in order of investment attractiveness and highlights the likely future trends across the sector.
The UK is ranked at number four.
“The EU's four freedoms are indivisible,” tweeted Liberal Democrat MEP Catherine Bearder (Mission: ‘Fighting Human #Trafficking. Protecting the Environment and stopping #Brexit'). So the free movement of goods, services, capital and persons exist in hypostatic union: infallible in their doctrine; immutable in their essence; immaculate in their expression. This is spiritual-political truth: all economic power, governmental wisdom, cultural holiness, social justice and personal goodness are bound in the infinite, eternal and unchangeable four freedoms of the European Union. They are the foundational article of faith. To deviate from them is heresy; to apostatise is death; to corrupt them is akin to the sin of blasphemy against the Holy Spirit.
It was the late Lord Shore of Stepney who observed in his book Separate Ways that the EU Commission behaves “like a priestly caste – similar to what it must have been in pre-Reformation days, when the Bible was in Latin, not English; the Pope, his cardinals and bishops decided the content of canon law and the message came down to the laymen, only when the Latin text was translated into the vernacular by the dutiful parish priest”. It is the priestly caste which expounds its divine revelation to the ignorant laity: it is they who defend all Treaty truth with appeals to a higher source of knowledge; theophanies of enlightenment in which are manifest all mysteries of thinking and knowing.
“In whose interest is it to have a no-deal Brexit?” asked Paul Bayes, Bishop of Liverpool. “Whose ideology and future will be nourished?” he probed, as though the economic ideology of the World Trade Organisation emanated from the fourth circle of hell. “My own prayer is that it will not happen,” he added, with no apparent awareness of his ideological prayer (signalling: #wisdom #consensus #listening #revisit).
#revisit (a second referendum?); #listening (to grieving Remainers?); #consensus (at all costs?); #wisdom (ah, of course).
There is no wisdom in the sort of ideology espoused by Michael Gove, Boris Johnson or Jacob Rees-Mogg. These are the heretics of Brexit polemic, hammering their theses of deception and disunity to the door of the Church of Europa. They supplant joy, judgment and grace with anxiety and disorder. They are the false prophets of ideological destruction. St Anna Soubry has decreed so: “Time to drop the ideology face up to #BrexitReality & get a deal that meets the needs of business & secures peace in N Ireland,” she tweeted. The evil of ‘ideology' is a favoured theme of Remainers: “My front bench… is in hock to 35 hard ideological Brexiteers,” Soubry told the BBC. They are “people seeking to put ideology before the national interest,” added Chuka Umunna.
The Bishop of Liverpool feels this acutely: it isn't simply that nothing good can come of ‘no deal'; there is simply no wisdom at all to be found in Brexit, for there is no consensus and no listening, and so the matter must be revisited (ie reversed). This is not merely the phenomenon of emotional subjectivity, but a higher understanding of being: his affection, cognition and volition are indivisible; his experience is revelatory, and so he prays the perfect will of God, for a Brexit deal is not merely a faith-conviction, but natural theology.
If there is a Brexit deal to remain in (something like) the Customs Union and (something like) the Single Market, and to uphold the four indivisible freedoms of the European Union (or something like), whose ideology and future will be nourished?
Funny, isn't it, how those who routinely berate Brexit ideology or ideological Brexiteers readily make their own stipulative assertions about the truth or correctness of their own views, but are blind to their own assertive ideology. They seek to legitimate their superior course of political action with demonstrations of wisdom and philosophy, or compassion and theology, but their enlightenment is incompatible with democratic grace. ‘And the LORD said unto Samuel, Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee…‘ (1Sam 8:7). When the people speak, there is reasonableness.
And the people voted to leave the European Union; to take back control of their own national destiny.
There may be a negotiated deal with the EU, or there may not. But to leave with no deal would not be senseless, irremediable evil, as the Bishop of Liverpool intimates, for the WTO is a beneficent and fraternal global union of law and order; of regulation and inspection; of facility and freedom. Pray against it, if you will, by all means; and signal your virtuous prayer, if you must, to the whole nation: #wisdom #consensus #listening #revisit. But far better and wiser would it be to subject your private revelation to the scrutiny of reason, and, instead of fomenting discord, to place your political conviction humbly at the feet of the democratic community: ‘Hearken unto the voice of the people…‘
Instagram said it will add a new “paid partnership with” sub-header on sponsored posts and stories — a move that comes two months after the Federal Trade Commission sent out letters to dozens of celebrities warning them that their paid posts on the platform didn't include sufficient disclosures.
Instagram, which is owned by Facebook, said it is initially working with “a small number of creators and businesses” on the paid-partnership tags. It plans to make the branded-content tools more widely available in the coming months along with an official policy and enforcement guidelines.
“Partnerships between community creators and businesses are an important part of the Instagram experience, and a healthy community should be open and consistent about paid partnerships,” the company said in a blog post Wednesday.
The new effort from Instagram do improve transparency about sponsored content comes after the FTC in April sent out letters to more than 90 influencers and marketers notifying them that they're required by law to “clearly and conspicuously” disclose the commercial relationship. The agency said it took the step after reviewing numerous Instagram posts by celebrities, athletes and other influencers.
According to Instagram, the new “paid partnership with” tool will let creators quickly tag the business they have a relationship with.
Sponsored content on Instagram, which in April said has more than 700 million monthly active users, is prolific: a search on the hashtag “#sponsored” returns more than 762,000 posts on the platform.
Here's an example of what the new sub-header looks like, in posts sponsored by Volvo on @songofstyle, the Instagram account of author and influencer Aimee Song (who has 4.7 million followers):
According to the FTC, in some of the letters sent to Instagram users and marketers, the agency specifically noted that disclosures like “#sp,” “Thanks [Brand],” or “#partner” in a post “are not sufficiently clear” to indicate to an average user that the post is sponsored.
The FTC also pointed out that on mobile devices, Instagram posts display only the first three lines of text — meaning that even if disclosures are included, consumers won't see them unless they click to expand the text. The agency did not identify which Instagram users or marketers it sent the letters to.
The new “paid partnership with” sub-header would address those specific concerns by FTC. Plus, it has the added benefit to Instagram and its partners of letting them more easily track the performance sponsored content.
Aug 11, 2017; Las Vegas, NV, USA; Conor McGregor hits a heavy bag during a media workout in preparation for his fight against Floyd Mayweather, Jr. at UFC Performance Institute. Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports
(Reuters) - Fight fans attending the much-hyped boxing match between Floyd Mayweather and mixed martial artist Conor McGregor will have a chance to rub shoulders with the stars in Las Vegas -- but it won't come cheap.
The cheapest ticket listed on reseller StubHub is going for an eye-watering $1675 with two weeks to go until the Aug. 26 fight which pits undefeated boxer Mayweather against the UFC's lightweight champion in a 12-round super welterweight matchup.
"Usually for these large events it's comparable to a Super Bowl. There's going to be a lot of stars at these events, especially in the high-priced ticket range, the ringside seats," StubHub spokesman Cameron Papp said.
"This is a once-in-a-lifetime, bucket-list event, so the die-hard Mayweather and McGregor fans are usually going to find their way to the event."
Aug 10, 2017; Las Vegas, NV, USA; Floyd Mayweather Jr. hits a heavy bag during a media workout in preparation for his fight against Conor McGregor at Mayweather Boxing Club. Mandatory Credit: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports
The fight has not yet sold out, with high face values and a lack of access seeming to have slowed down demand.
Yet Leonard Ellebre, CEO of Mayweather Promotions, dismissed concerns about the fight's popularity earlier in the week.
"This isn't a damn Rolling Stones concert. They're the only thing that sells out in seconds, he told reporters at Mayweather's media workout in Las Vegas on Thursday.
"Right now we have over 60 million (dollars) in ticket sales - what part of that remotely looks like ticket sales are slow?
"We're talking about tickets that go form $500 to $10,000. That's an expensive ticket."
Kristin LaFratta/MassLive Staff
Zumper, a San Fransisco based company that helps people find apartments, released a report on neighborhood rent prices in Boston. The report is based on one bedroom average rent prices per month. Zumper's National Rent Report for May showed that Boston is tied with Los Angeles for the fourth most expensive city in the U.S., with an average one bedroom rent price of $2,300 per month. The breakdown of the most expensive Boston neighborhoods is listed below.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A seven-year-old fatally injured by an out-of-control bouncy castle was pulled out by a fairground worker in charge of the inflatable.
Fairground worker William Thurston, 28, described the moment he found Summer Grant in court today (April 24).
Thurston and his wife Shelby, 25, are both charged with manslaughter by gross negligence after the bouncy castle Summer was in was blown away by a gust of wind.
The little girl suffered severe injuries when the Circus Superdome rolled away with her inside at Harlow Town Park on March 26, 2016.
(Image: SWNS)
DC Paul Kenney, of the Major Crime Office in Harlow, took to the stand to read out both defendants' police interviews the day after the incident .
William Thurston told police he heard a scream, before seeing the inflatable lift up from the ground.
He said: “I heard a scream. There were maybe ten people stood in the vicinity. I just heard people scream. I looked and saw what was happening.
“I just saw the front corner of the dome begin to lift by about a foot. I ran towards it. It went through the caravans and went out of sight for what felt like forever. It was probably seconds
“By this time, there were maybe 15 people running.
“I did not know that someone was inside until we were running and someone shouted there is someone inside. At that point it was going straight but the front corner was lifting a little bit.”
The inflatable dome took off and landed around 300 metres down the bottom of the hill, crashing into the fence at nearby Pets Corner.
“It had come to a stop at the bottom of the park,” said William Thurston. “It was the right way over and as I came up to it, it still looked intact and what it should look like.
“I opened the emergency exit and I shouted inside. I did not get a response and saw a girl lying six feet from me. My first instinct was to run in and grab her.
“I brought her out and put her in the recovery position. She was breathing and blinking. It seemed like a minute or 30 seconds later, the ambulance was there and then the paramedics.”
Shelby and William Thurston: The charges in full On March 26, 2016, seven-year-old Summer Grant was playing on the Circus SuperDome inflatable in Harlow when it was swept away ‘some distance'. Following the incident, she suffered serious injuries and was rushed to Princess Alexandra Hospital. The young girl, from Norwich, died a few hours later. Two self-employed fairground employees, Shelby Thurston, 25, and her husband William, 28, are charged with manslaughter by gross negligence and breaches of the Health and Safety at Work Act. Here are the charges in full: Count 1: Shelby Thurston and William Thurston are charged with manslaughter- unlawful killing of Summer Grant by gross negligence in a breach of your duty to take reasonable care to ensure the inflatable (Circus SuperDome Inflatable) was adequately anchored to the ground and to monitor the weather conditions and ensure they were suitable for the inflatable to be in use
Count 2: Shelby Thurston is charged with failure to discharge a duty under section 3 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 being a self employed person- you failed to ensure the safety of those not in your employment including Summer Grant
Count 3: William Thurston is charged with failure to discharge a duty under section 3 of the Health and Safety at Work Act 1974 being a self employed person- you failed to ensure the safety of those not in your employment including Summer Grant
The couple both told police how they had planned to take down the inflatable dome after seeing the weather was due to get worse.
Shelby Thurston said she was letting Summer, from Norwich, play on the bouncy castle for a few more minutes.
As William Thurston had begun to deflate a larger inflatable slide, a “freak” gust of wind blew the dome, with the seven-year-old inside, away.
“William said: ‘Shall we take this one [the Dome] down too?'” said Shelby Thurston. “I said we should and it was better to be safe than sorry. I said: 'Get that one down [the slide], and let this girl finish her last couple of minutes.'
“There was no wind. That's why I'm so shocked. It just came out of nowhere, like a tornado type wind. It just came out of nowhere and carried it away.
“Just a major gust of wind came out of nowhere and I tried to grab hold of it, just instinct I suppose. Obviously, it was not going to hold and it just slid away from me. It slid back towards the caravans.”
The trial continues.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Allianz SE:
* ALLIANZ TO AQUIRE JANASHAKTHI GENERAL INSURANCE IN SRI LANKA
* ‍ENTERED INTO AN AGREEMENT WITH JANASHAKTHI INSURANCE PLC TO ACQUIRE 100% OF THEIR SUBSIDIARY JANASHAKTHI GENERAL INSURANCE​ Further company coverage:
OTTAWA—The amount Canadians owe compared with their income ticked lower in the first quarter but remained near record levels as mortgage debt continued to climb.Statistics Canada said Wednesday the amount of household credit-market debt as a proportion of household disposable income slipped to 166.9 per cent in the quarter, compared with 167.2 per cent in the fourth quarter of last year.That means that for every dollar of disposable income, Canadians owe about $1.67.Read more:Survey confirms the painful truth about our household debt: WellsArticle Continued BelowRising debt, sizzling housing markets leave economy more vulnerable: Bank of CanadaCentral bank hints at rate hike as growth broadensEconomists and policy-makers, including the Bank of Canada, have raised concerns about household debt and see it as a key risk to the economy.
A gunman stormed a house party and killed 11 people, including his former wife and 8-year-old son, before shooting himself in the head during a New Year's party in the south-eastern Brazilian city of Campinas late on Saturday.
Police in the state of São Paulo said the shooter, identified as 46-year-old Sidnei Ramis de Araújo, is believed to have been angry over a split with his wife, Isamara Filier, 41, and their son João Victor.
Three other people remain hospitalised, police said, while four people survived the attack unharmed, including one party attendee who managed to flee to a bathroom and phone the police when the shooting began.
Survivors, according to a police spokesman, said that just before midnight, the shooter jumped over a fence surrounding the house, burst through a door and began firing even as he berated Filier for taking their son.
Araújo possibly sought to take advantage of the commotion of New Year's Eve to disguise the shooting, police said.
One neighbour told local television that he and his family heard shots, but had thought they might be fireworks until one of the wounded ran to their property, bleeding and pleading for help.
Despite high rates of crime and violence in Brazil, including significant problems with assaults against women, the attack alarmed Latin America's biggest country on a holiday associated with family gatherings.
Gun deaths are common in heists, holdups and in confrontations with police, drug gangs and other criminals in Brazil, but targeted mass shootings are rare.
Police said Araújo, reported by local media to be a laboratory technician, used a 9 mm pistol and carried two additional clips, extra ammunition, a knife and unspecified but unused explosives.
Investigators are analysing the explosives in addition to a cell phone and audio recorder found in a car he parked outside the home to determine whether Araújo left any sort of message about his attack.
Police said they did not yet know if Araújo had a history of violence, or whether he had been known to physically harm or threaten his former wife before the attack.
Campinas, an industrial and university city of over 1 million residents, is located about 100 kilometres (60 miles) north-west of the city of São Paulo, Brazil's biggest metropolis.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sedlmayr Grund Und Immobilien KGaA :
* TO PROPOSE INCREASED DIVIDEND BY EUR 2.00 TO EUR 22.00, BONUS OF EUR 15.00 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
AfDB Puts Africa's Loss to illicit financial flow at $50 billion annually
The African Development Bank (AfDB) says that Africa loses about $50 billion annually to illicit financial flow in the continent.
Mr Ebrima Faal, Director, AfDB, Nigerian office disclosed this at workshop on the Role of Parliament in Combating Illicit Financial Flows from Africa, on Tuesday in Abuja.
“Estimates on Illicit Financial Flows are highly disparate due to differences in methodologies.
“Current estimates suggest Africa could be losing more than 50 billion dollars annually in Illicit Financial Flows.
“This is about the same size as total FDI or total remittance flows and slightly higher than overseas development assistance (ODA),'' he said
According to him, these estimates may well be lower than actual outflows as accurate data do not exist for all African countries.
He noted that some discrete forms of illicit financial flows are excluded and not easy to track or estimated.
Commenting on the Objectives of the workshop, he said it was to review the challenges of and learn from the good practices adopted by experts in their fight against illicit financial flows.
He added that part of the objectives was also to share experiences in recovering the proceeds of crime from criminals.
“Thirdly, to explore with you the role that parliamentarians can play in facilitating the work of the practitioners,'' he said.
Faal noted that the role of the Parliaments in promoting economic recovery and sustainable development was fundamental.
He said Parliaments had the constitutional mandate to both oversee government and to hold government to account.
“They also play a primary role in promoting good economic and financial governance through effective oversight of the public budget and expenditure management.
“ It is a vital democratic institution serving as a bridge between the state and society.
“ In carrying out its legislative, oversight and representative roles, Parliaments help strengthen good governance for enhanced growth and poverty reduction.
“ In this regard, the African Development Bank is committed to support the capacity building of African Parliaments, to help strengthen their oversight function,'' he added.
Also, Mr Adeyemi Dipeolu, Special Adviser to the Vice president on Economic Matters said that studies had proved that illicit financial flow had negative impact to the African economies.
He said that act had reduced availability of resources for development; undermine efforts to ensure growth and development.
He added that illicit financial flow had also weakened international cooperation in Africa adding that it contributed to austerity measures witnessed in the region.
This, he said had triggered negative effect on growth
He called on the parliamentarians to ensure good legislation to put to an end the act in the region.
He called for transparency and accountability in the system.
A A A
US blames North Korea for series of cyberattacks
By DEB RIECHMANN
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. officials are blaming the North Korean government for a series of cyberattacks dating to 2009 against media, aerospace, financial sectors and infrastructure in the United States and around the world.
The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security issued a warning this week, saying the cyberattacks were carried out by actors within the North Korean government who are known as "Hidden Cobra."
"DHS and FBI assess that Hidden Cobra actors will continue to use cyber operations to advance their government's military and strategic objectives," the alert said.
U.S. officials are distributing internet addresses to help networks defend against any attacks. The FBI said it has high confidence that the internet addresses are linked to systems infected with Hidden Cobra malware to further exploit networks. The cyberattacks targeted weaknesses in Microsoft Corp. operating systems and Adobe Systems Inc.'s Flash software, which were patched in January and June, respectively.
The joint alert was issued Tuesday, the same day that American student Otto Warmbier, who was released from serving a 15-year sentence in a North Korean prison for participating in alleged acts against the government, arrived in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The U.S. remains in a standoff with North Korea over its nuclear program. The U.S. has issued sanctions, but Pyongyang has not made any move to give up weapons that it says are a deterrent to any invasion. Thousands of U.S. troops are based in neighboring South Korea, and the Demilitarized Zone between the North and South is one of the most heavily fortified borders in the world.
PARIS (Reuters) - France has ordered banned the sale and ordered a recall of several baby formula milk and baby food products made by French dairy giant Lactalis after the discovery of salmonella bacteria, consumer protection agency DGCCRF said in a statement.
Logo of the dairy group Lactalis are seen at the food exhibition Sial in Villepinte, near Paris, France, October 17, 2016. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
The recall includes products for export, including to China, Taiwan, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Lebanon, Sudan, Romania, Serbia, Georgia, Greece, Haiti, Colombia and Peru.
Some were also destined for regional markets, including Africa and Asia.
The agency said that Lactalis, the world's largest dairy company, had not managed contamination risk and has been ordered to conduct a product recall and halt the sale and export of several baby food products made at its Craon plant in western France since Feb. 15.
The recall follows 20 cases of salmonella infection of infants in France during early December, which had already prompted a limited recall of 12 Lactalis products.
This week five new cases were reported of infection with the “salmonella agona” bacteria. One of the infants had consumed a Lactalis product that had not been on the first recall list. The infants have now recovered, the agency said.
Lactalis spokesman Michel Nalet said on BFM Television that the products can be exchanged in pharmacies or supermarkets. He said that any salmonella bacteria would be killed by boiling the milk for two minutes.
A full list of the products concerned is available on the agency's website (here)
Steve Young explains how Mitchell Trubisky can succeed in his first start with the Bears against the Vikings. (0:30)
LAKE FOREST, Ill. -- The Chicago Bears are not shy when discussing new starting quarterback Mitchell Trubisky's limitations.
“He can't sprinkle fairy dust,” John Fox said on Tuesday.
“Mitch Trubisky is a very good, young player, but he is not a magic wand,” offensive coordinator Dowell Loggains said on Thursday.
We get it.
Trubisky won't be an extra in the next Harry Potter movie -- if the film industry ever decides to restart the franchise.
But Trubisky brings an element to Chicago's offense that simply did not exist under Mike Glennon: mobility.
Mitchell Trubisky's mobility will bring a new look to a Bears offense in need of a spark. Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
“Obviously, he's going to bring out different traits in certain people,” Loggains said. “The ability to extend plays and do those things, there will be some people this affects in a positive way. It affects everyone in a different way. And once your scheme changes a little bit -- because it will, it won't be the same thing, just like it wasn't last year from Jay Cutler to Brian Hoyer to Matt Barkley, just like it wasn't for Glennon. Obviously there will be things that are different, and different people will show up a little bit more.”
Trubisky rushed for 308 yards and five touchdowns in his final year at North Carolina.
“His skill set is different than Mike,” Loggains said. “He is a more mobile guy. He moves well. Mike was your prototypical dropback passer; Mitch does do things differently and we'll obviously try to put him in some of those situations that he feels more comfortable with.”
The pressure also is on Chicago's offensive line.
“We're going to have to hold our blocks longer downfield,” Bears guard Kyle Long said.
Trubisky's movements inside and outside of the pocket should boost the passing game.
“The things he may do outside of the pocket could bring another dynamic,” Bears tight end Zach Miller said. “He's always extremely accurate and his ball flight is nice. When you're out running and you see the ball flying through the air, the path of ball is really good for receivers. Now it's time for him to do that on the big stage. I'm excited to see that unfold for him.”
Loggains was quick to point out the other 10 guys on offense need to raise their level of play.
That's true, but only one starter lost his job -- Glennon.
Better play out of the quarterback position can make a huge difference for the Bears over the final 12 weeks.
“Obviously, I'm a huge Mitch Trubisky fan,” Loggains said. “I believe in him. I think he's going to be a special player. I just want to do my part in the whole thing and help him and help the other guys, get the other guys to play well around him. Because I do think he's capable of playing at a high level.”
Sponsored by: A Straight Arrow
Years ago most seasoned bow hunters would not have chosen a mechanical broadhead (also known as expanding broadheads) as their arrow tip of choice to hunt with. They were way too inconsistent as far as opening upon impact and in the amount of damage that they inflicted. Fortunately, that is no longer the case and they are now proving to be a reliable and effective means of taking down game when bow hunting. As a matter of fact, there is now much debate as to which one of these arrow tips is best to use when going after all different sizes of game.
How varied are the opinions on this matter? You don't have to look any further than family in my case. My brother and I who bow hunt together regularly have completely different opinions on the subject. I like to use mechanical broadheads and he much prefers to use fixed broadheads.
In order to help you decide the best broadhead for your use, we will take a little closer look at the good and bad things about each type of these hunting arrow tips.
Fixed Broadhead Characteristics
Here are a few of the best things about these time tested and proven hunting arrow tips:
They have a more reliable cutting edge
Let's face it anytime you have the word mechanical in a product description it means there is a possibility of failure and that is true with expandable broadheads. That is not a concern at all with fixed broadheads. When you hit a game animal with them you are going to do significant damage.
Easier to work on
Fixed broadhead arrows tend to be much easier to install and work on. They are relatively easy to change blades on and they do not require such things as O-rings to hold parts of them in place during flight.
Usually less expensive
On average the cost of fixed broadheads tends to be a little less expensive when compared head to head with their mechanical counterparts.
Here are some of the biggest concerns when using fixed broadheads for hunting.
Less accurate in flight
The key to the accurate flight of any arrow is to have as little wind resistance as possible on that arrow so as not to alter its course in flight. Fixed broadheads have a lot of surface area which causes some extra wind resistance at the tip. They most definitely will at least slightly affect the flight of any arrow they are placed upon.
Harder to simulate when taking target practice
The key to getting good at shooting any arrow setup is to practice with it. Practicing with fixed broadheads is no fun. You will most likely break tips on a regular basis and they are also difficult at best to pull out of the target.
Mechanical Broadhead Characteristics
Here are some of the positive things about using mechanical broadheads for hunting:
Accuracy
Unlike fixed broadheads, mechanical broadheads have much less surface area in flight because their cutting blade edges are retracted until the broadhead impacts its target. That reduced surface area on the tip makes these arrows much more accurate to shoot as opposed to fixed broadheads.
Easy acclimation
It's much easier to sight in your bow using mechanical broadheads. This is because the practice tips that come with them closely simulate that of the actual mechanical broadhead in flight. They are also easy to remove from the target when practicing with them.
There are definitely some areas of concern when using mechanical broadheads like those that follow:
Reliability
We mentioned that the reliability of mechanical broadheads opening on impact has improved substantially but it's by no means 100% of the time. That is the big advantage fixed broadheads have over expandable broadhead tips.
Non-traditional Hunting
Hunting purists believe that when you use a mechanical broadhead you are deviating from the aspects that make bow hunting a more traditional and exhilarating way to hunt. Because mechanical broadheads are more accurate traditional bow hunters believe it takes less true skill to make a kill.
Experimentation Is the Key to Selecting the Best Broadhead Tip for You
The simple fact is you can debate all day about which type of broadhead tip is best to use for hunting. Even after comparing the pros and cons of each it is not always enough to help you decide whether fixed broadheads or mechanical broadheads are best for you to use when going after game.
So what is the best way to decide which type of broadhead to use? The answer is to buy a few of each type of hunting arrow tip and practice with them. That is the surest way to see which type of broadhead nicely fits your individual shooting style. The results just might surprise you and it will really help you hone in on which is the perfect hunting tip to place on the end of your arrows.
About the author:
Dan Lee Williams is an avid target archer, bowhunter, and an outdoorsman from Sacramento, CA. When he's not practicing shooting or hunting, he will likely be found sitting in front of his computer and writing for his passion site aStraightArrow.net.
A century ago, it was one of the biggest names in retail. Now, even Sears officials say its future could be in doubt — though they say they have plans to make sure the retail icon survives.
Nancy Koehn with the Harvard Business School says in its early days — Sears Roebuck and Co. was like Amazon is today — a retailer of great disruption.
For Sears, it meant a path-breaking strategy of offering all sorts of merchandise in catalogs and building department stores in remote places with ample parking.
"It wasn't the Internet, but it was the same idea that no matter where you are you can touch and feel and imagine what these different products could mean in your life by virtue of an outreach, a distribution channel that an imaginative and gutsy retailer — in this case Sears — had created and then invested in and then enlarged," Koehn says.
Elgin, Ill., about 40 miles northwest of Chicago, is one town where Sears' innovation is clearly visible. Drive through the streets of one neighborhood and more than likely there will be a Sears Roebuck mail order kit house on one of the lots.
Dr. Rebecca Hunter, an architectural historian, stands on the porch of one of them — an arts and crafts style bungalow listed as "The Osborne" in the Sears catalog. It's one of about 200 Sears homes in Elgin.
"It's a phenomenon that gained popularity in the 1920s," Hunter says. "Mostly your framing boards were cut at the mill and numbered so that your builder would know how to put them together."
Between 1908 and 1940, Sears sold blueprints and approximately 70,000 pre-cut kit houses. It was a small part of the company's booming business. Sears' stature is far smaller these days amid a constantly changing retail landscape which brought with it the dominance of Amazon, the rise of e-commerce and big-box discount retailers.
It's left brick-and-mortar stores reeling. Despite its merger with Kmart in 2005, Sears has consistently lost millions of dollars each quarter.
The retailer has closed hundreds of stores, slashed jobs and sold off key assets like the Lands' End clothing line and its legendary Craftsman brand — although both brands continue to be sold at Sears. Independent retail analyst Sucharita Mulpuru says these changes haven't worked.
"There are just so many onerous forces relating to competition," she says. "I think that no matter what they do, they are fighting a losing battle."
In a memo, CEO Eddie Lampert says Sears is taking decisive action to return to profitability and to become a new kind of retailer. Some analysts accuse Lampert of sucking the value out of the company, selling off its most marketable assets. Then there's that line in Sears' recent annual report to federal regulators — which states "substantial doubt exists related to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern."
But Leena Munjal, a Sears senior vice president in charge of retail operations, says that reports of the company's demise are exaggerated.
"Do we have challenges? Absolutely," she says. "Just like many of the retailers out there and we are all trying to figure out what are the changes we need to make to our business models to be able to rise to those challenges."
Sears' transformation plan includes a membership program called Shop Your Way. Customers collect points they can redeem when they shop at Sears. The company's also worked on ways to make it more convenient for customers to shop online, or on their phones.
The Sears at Woodfield Mall, about 30 miles northwest of Chicago, is huge. There are clothes, fitness equipment and aisles of gleaming appliances. Carla and Jeremy Lang push their twin 18-month-old sons in a stroller while looking at ovens and stoves. Carla Lang says they've heard about the store's financial troubles.
"We've read stuff online that they may be closing stores and what not, but we still come here," she says. "It's close by, and like I said we've had success with purchasing things."
There are others though, loyal past shoppers, who haven't been in a Sears for years. Susan Mullen has fond memories of the store, but says she's not sure Sears' efforts to transform itself will work.
"It fits no niche. It's not a discount place. It's not high end," Mullen says. "It has no identity anymore. I guess it tried to be everything to everybody and it was very successful at that. But now it's nothing to nobody, which is sad."
But Munjal says that as a company with more than $20 billion in sales, Sears is still important to many and she invites former customers to give the company another chance while it implements changes. It's all part of the effort to counter the predictions of a slow death for Sears, while bolstering the reputation of a company that's been in business for more than a century.
Toronto's Forestry and Recreation department will be carrying out controlled burns in High Park and Lambton Park Tuesday afternoon.
From approximately 12 p.m. to 1:30 p.m., the city will be starting prescribed fires as a part of their long-term project to protect and sustain the city's black oak savannahs.
“A prescribed burn is a deliberately set and carefully controlled fire that burns low to the ground and consumes dried leaves, small twigs and grass stems but does not harm larger trees,” the city said in a news release.
“The City of Toronto uses prescribed burns as one management tool in the restoration and maintenance of a variety of oak woodland, prairie, and savannah habitats.”
The burn encourages new growth and stimulates seed production of native plants existing in the area, according to the city.
NEW YORK—The NBA estimates an increase of 60,000 kilometres of travel in the post-season if it scrapped its current conference format and took the top 16 teams. Calls to change the system were renewed this week when LeBron James left Cleveland for the Los Angeles Lakers, which could create another strong Western Conference team, where both Houston and Golden State finished above .700. The only team in the Eastern Conference with a similar record was Toronto. Houston and Golden State met in a thrilling West final before the Warriors swept the Cavaliers in the NBA finals.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James drives against Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry during the NBA final. James' move to the Lakers is once again raising questions about the fairness of the NBA's playoff format. ( Marcio Jose Sanchez / The Associated Press file photo )
Commissioner Adam Silver has said ideally there would be a format allowing the two best teams to meet for the title, but he has repeatedly expressed concern about the additional travel that would be created if teams were seeded one to 16 in the post-season, instead of the current format in which it's the top eight teams in each conference. “I think, as I've said in the past, the obstacle is travel, and it's not tradition in my mind, at least,” Silver said at the All-Star break. “It's that as we've added an extra week to the regular season, as we've tried to reduce the number of back-to-backs, that we are concerned about teams criss-crossing the country in the first round, for example. We are just concerned about the overall travel that we would have in the top 16 teams.” The league says it averages about 140,000 km of total travel in the post-season and estimates that would increase to 200,000. It estimates, based on historical data, an average of 2 1/2 series per year matching teams separated by three time zones before the NBA finals, with about a 90-per-cent chance of at least one per season.
Article Continued Below
The WNBA switched its playoff format to the top eight teams instead of by conference in 2016. A one-to-16 format would likely mean the league would have to balance the schedule so teams played the same amount of games in the regular season against East and West teams, instead of playing more against the teams on its side. That would create about 240,000 additional km of travel in the regular season, the league estimates, from the 2.25 million km of total travel in 2017-18. “It's still my hope that we're going to figure out ways,” Silver said. “Maybe ultimately you have to add even more days to the season to spread it out a little bit more to deal with the travel. Maybe air travel will get better. All things we'll keep looking at.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Blackstone Group LP:
* ON JAN. 30, 2018, PETER GRAUER INFORMED CO HE WAS STEPPING DOWN FROM BOARD OF BLACKSTONE GROUP MANAGEMENT LLC EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY
* GRAUER TAKING THE ACTION DUE TO BLACKSTONE FUNDS' PENDING ACQUISITION OF MAJORITY STAKE IN F&R DIVISION OF THOMSON REUTERS CORP
* IN CONNECTION WITH GRAUER‘S DEPARTURE, SIZE OF BLACKSTONE GROUP MANAGEMENT LLC‘S BOARD REDUCED FROM 11 MEMBERS TO 10 MEMBERS
* GRAUER IS CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF BLOOMBERG LP Source text: bit.ly/2GGG9k3 Further company coverage:
An ambitious project to build a 'garden bridge' over the River Thames has been officially abandoned.
The Garden Bridge Trust charity have announced that they will no longer be running the project due to a lack of assurance over maintenance costs if the bridge were to be built.
It was to be pedestrian-only and located between Waterloo and Blackfriars bridges.
A statement on the Trust's website reads:
"The Garden Bridge Trust, the charity established to build and run the proposed Garden Bridge in central London, today announced that it will be winding up the project. It has informed the Mayor of London, as well as Transport for London (TfL) and the Department for Transport, who have both allocated public funds to the project, of its decision. The Trust has had no choice but to take this decision because of lack of support for the project going forward from the Mayor.
On 28 April, Sadiq Khan wrote to Lord Mervyn Davies, Chairman of the Garden Bridge Trust, stating that he was not prepared to sign the guarantee for the annual maintenance costs of the Bridge, a condition of planning consent, despite previous assurances given about his support for the project.
Since then the Garden Bridge Trust has examined in detail all options available to it. This included discussions with a potential benefactor who was keen to provide the required guarantee. It also had further discussions with the Government. Unfortunately, the benefactor concerned and the Trustees have all concluded that they cannot proceed with what was always designed to be a public project in the heart of the capital without the support of the Mayor of London.
Lord Davies has today written to the Mayor outlining the reasons why the Trust has taken this decision.
Lord Davies said: "It is with great regret that Trustees have concluded that without Mayoral support the project cannot be delivered. We are incredibly sad that we have not been able to make the dream of the Garden Bridge a reality and that the Mayor does not feel able to continue with the support he initially gave us. We had made great progress obtaining planning permission, satisfying most of our planning conditions and we had raised £70m of private money towards the project.
"The Garden Bridge would have been a unique place; a beautiful new green space in the heart of London, free to use and open to all, showcasing the best of British talent and innovation. It is all the more disappointing because the Trust was set up at the request of TfL, the organisation headed up by the Mayor, to deliver the project. It is a sad day for London because it is sending out a message to the world that we can no longer deliver such exciting projects.
"I would like to thank our donors and supporters, who gave us unstinting help and support along the way."
The Garden Bridge project will now be formally closed. This includes terminating contracts, and concluding donor funding agreements. The Trust itself will then be wound up in accordance with the Companies Acts."
HMV Digital China Group Limited is boosting its video on demand business with the launch of original series production, joining Asia's OTT race alongside other international players such as Fox Networks Group and HBO Asia.
The Hong Kong-based group, previously called China 3D Digital Entertainment, will produce three web series titles this year to be available on its VoD platform as well as OTT platforms in China and Southeast Asia. Each show has a production budget of $64,000 (HK$500,000) per 30-minute episode.
Already released is comedy “Hong Kong West Side Stories,” starring actor-singer Louis Cheung. It is based on a short story collection by Hong Kong cult author Xiangxi Murakami, whose previous hit title “Due West” was previously picked up by the same group and adapted to erotic comedy “Due West: Our Sex Journey” in 2012.
Two other titles slated for production this year is “Sexy Central,” branded as Hong Kong's answer to HBO hit series “Sex and the City,” and “Under the Same Roof,” a remake of the 1993 Japanese popular series of the same name. Both series will feature casts composed mainly of talents managed by the company. The series will be available on the group's on-demand platform, HMVOD.
HMVOD's CEO Tracy Ho told Variety that series will be available in both free and paid formats. The full series will be available to paid subscribers for binge-watching while free users will be served advertisements and can view one new episode per week.
Ho said the content will be released in China by streaming giant iQiyi. It will also be available in Southeast Asia, but partnering platforms are yet to be confirmed.
Photo: Mark Seliger
By Scott T. Sterling
Shery Crow has shared a new song, “The Dreaming Kind,” a tribute to victims of the Sandy Hook school shooting.
Related: Sheryl Crow Releases ‘Halfway There' Music Video
“The tragedy in Newtown 5 years ago and the countless lives lost in mass shootings since have weighed heavily on my heart,” Crow said of the song. “I felt compelled to write ‘The Dreaming Kind' for the incredible people at Sandy Hook Promise who work so hard every day to combat gun violence. The extraordinary work this organization does to educate and protect our nation from further bloodshed gives me hope for a better tomorrow. I hope this song will inspire the same feeling in those who hear it.
“Sandy Hook Promise is a national nonprofit organization founded and led by several families whose loved ones were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14, 2012. In just 3 years, Sandy Hook Promise has trained over 2.5 million youth and adults across all 50 states with its evidenced-based Know The Signs gun violence prevention programs. The four programs – which include Start With Hello, Say Something, Signs of Suicide and Safety Assessment & Intervention – are offered free to schools and youth organizations across the country. These programs have helped stop multiple school shootings, suicides and other acts of violence, as well as reduced incidences of bullying and helped many young people get the mental health services they need.
“Every $1 you donate helps Sandy Hook Promise train one student or adult how to Know The Signs of individuals at-risk of hurting themselves or others and take action to get help. By training two-generations of Americans, we are creating a culture engaged in preventing gun violence, resulting in saving more lives and keeping our schools and communities safe, nationwide. Thank you so much for your support.”
Crow performed the song on Good Morning America today (Dec. 11), sharing the stage with her 12-year-old niece, Ava Crow, 12, who also appears on the studio version of the track.
“She's still very innocent and very wide-eyed. Her voice is pure and very touching,” Crow told People. “She came over, she sang it four times and it was perfect.”
Watch the music video for Crow's new track below.
Azerbaijani president arrives in Turkey on official visit (UPDATE)
2018-04-24 17:59 | www.trend.az | 2
Details added (first version posted on 17:36)
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
Trend:
Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev has arrived in Turkey on an official visit.
A guard of honor was lined up for President Aliyev at the Ankara Esenboga Airport decorated with the national flags of Azerbaijan and Turkey.
Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Fikri Isik and other state and governmental officials welcomed President Aliyev.
The head of the guard of honor reported to President Aliyev.
The president greeted the guard of honor.
Follow Trend on Telegram. Only most interesting and important news
On thespian Dilip Kumar's 95th birthday, his evergreen wife Saira Banu, 22 years his junior, says her marriage to him has been a “perfect dream”.
Dilip Kumar is recuperating from a bout of pneumonia. On his special day, a stream of visitors began trickling into their bungalow in Bandra here from early Monday morning.
Emotional about the love that her husband continues to receive year after year, the utterly devoted wife said, “Every year, I am asked the same things. What are we doing for Saab's birthday? For those who don't know, it is the day when our residence turns into a gorgeous fairyland.
“There are flowers everywhere from everyone who comes to pay Saab a visit on his birthday. It is a day when Saab's brothers, sisters, relatives and come close friends come together.”
Saira Banu and Dilip Kumar got married in 1966.
“Seriously, there is no woman as blessed as I am… I thank my Allah every day for this. It has been my good fortune to be able to do anything for the man I love intensely. For me, it was always Saab, no one else. I was his fan from the time I can remember. While still a teenager, I wanted to be his wife.”
Message from Saira Banu: On Dilip Saab's birthday, as we get together as a family with Saab's brothers, sisters, relatives and some close friends, my thoughts reach out to all the wonderful fans and well wishers for the duas and prayers for Dilip Saab. A million thanks. 1/n — Dilip Kumar (@TheDilipKumar) December 10, 2017
2/n What are we planning for the birthday, I am being asked repeatedly. Well, for those who don't know what we have been doing every year-it's a day when our residence turns into a gorgeous fairyland with flowers and floral arrangements from loving visitors which means a lot. — Dilip Kumar (@TheDilipKumar) December 10, 2017
3/n Every year on Saab's birthday our house is open all day for friends and family to come and spend quality time with Dilip Saab. But tomm. will be a bit restricted as doctors have advised Saab to be protected from any infection. — Dilip Kumar (@TheDilipKumar) December 10, 2017
4/n If you have read Dilip Saab's autobiography you would be familiar with his quote…. that the warmth of the clasp of the hand of strangers who approach him to tell him how much they liked his work is bigger than any award for him. God bless all of you. — Dilip Kumar (@TheDilipKumar) December 10, 2017
Trending
“I am very headstrong and once I made up my mind, there was no stopping me. I knew many beautiful women wanted to marry Saab, but he chose me. It was my dream come true and that's what my marriage has been, a perfect dream.”
Now she is devoted to taking care of her ailing husband.
“Looking after Saab, his life and his home comes naturally to me. All Indian wives look after their husbands. In my family, I've seen women being devoted to their husbands. I grew up watching that.”
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
RIYDAH - The global renown of billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal made his involuntary detention in early November at Riyadh's Ritz-Carlton hotel one of the biggest single shocks of Saudi Arabia's anti-corruption crackdown.
The campaign, led by powerful Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, swept up nearly 400 members of the kingdom's political and business elite. Authorities estimated financial settlements from the accused would net about $100 billion.
In late January, a BBC broadcast featured a Canadian businessman who said he had spoken with the prince via video link and that the prince appeared to be sitting in jail rather than at the five-star hotel. Saudi Arabia's authorities had converted the hotel into a luxury prison where hundreds of the kingdom's wealthiest figures were being held.
Reuters reached out to Saudi authorities for comment; they denied the allegations. Then, they invited us to see Prince Alwaleed at the Ritz for ourselves.
The interview was arranged within hours. At 1:00 a.m. on Jan. 27, a government car picked me up and drove me through the hotel's massive front gates. It was the first time I had seen them open in nearly three months.
After a brief wait and a tour of the hotel's empty facilities, I was escorted to an ornate sixth-floor suite where Prince Alwaleed was waiting.
Officials told me not to film outside the suite or catch any of them on camera. No conditions were placed on the interview itself.
FILE PHOTO: A view shows part of the suite where Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has been detained, at the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia January 27, 2018. REUTERS/Katie Paul/File Photo
The prince promptly took control, ushering me into the office and enthusiastically granting permission to film. The officials exited the room, leaving only the two of us throughout our 25-minute discussion.
Prince Alwaleed said he had been treated well during his time at the Ritz.
He took a defiant stance on the accusations of corruption, saying that he was innocent and that he was certain he would emerge from the process in full control of his assets and his company, Kingdom Holding.
It is impossible to know if Prince Alwaleed was truly free to speak his mind, given that he was still in detention as part of an extrajudicial legal process.
He appeared thin, but he was confident and upbeat, even making jokes as he took me on a tour of the suite. He smiled broadly and insisted that we take a photo together.
I recorded our exchange on my iPhone, propped up by a golden tissue box and a water bottle on his desk.
Hours later, the prince was released.
Reuters interview with Prince Alwaleed bin Talal at goo.gl/gS4Zsn
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - A Scottish judge will decide early next week whether to refer a case questioning if Britain alone can change its mind about leaving the European Union to the European Court of Justice, a spokesman for Scotland's Court of Session said on Friday.
The decision will be announced on Monday or Tuesday, the spokesman said.
The case, brought by a group of pro-EU lawmakers, is aimed at giving Britain the possibility of staying in the world's biggest trading bloc once it is known what Brexit actually means for the economy and politics. (Reporting by Elisabeth O‘Leary; Editing by Michael Holden)
Check out the trailer for Venom starring Tom Hardy
Video of VENOM - Official Trailer (HD)
What talent do you possess? This guy can talk backwards -- so that should come in handy one day.
Video of Incredible Man Has Talent To Talk Backwards
Being called up onstage by Dave Grohl has got to be one of the coolest moments. But when you're wearing KISS makeup, get referred to as "KISS Guy" by Grohl, AND you're able to shred on "Monkeywrench", you're set.
BUSINESS
(The Korea Herald`s YouTube channel)
The Korea Herald is now beefing up its YouTube channel in a bid to offer more multimedia content to readers in partnership with Google, which runs the world's biggest video site.The majority of videos are one to two minutes in length, covering various issues in politics, social affairs, technology, culture and sports to offer an additional angle to stories carried on The Korea Herald's print edition.The channel's signature thumbnail design helps viewers navigate topics through its distinctive background colors. Purple, blue, red, silver, orange and peach refer stories on politics, social affairs, North Korea, technology, culture and celebrity interviews, respectively.The Korea Herald also publishes feature stories in a video format.The series “From the scene” takes viewers to the places where news are breaking and shows what's going on through vivid footage taken by Korea Herald reporters on the scene.YouTube channel subscribers can get the updates about the paper's latest takes on new stories such as swimming training, indoor ice wall climbing and climbing on the stairs of the country's tallest building.Business Desk is currently offering a series of articles under the theme of “Inside Tech” on new technologies, whose lively video editions are now available on YouTube.Interview videos are also the important part of the YouTube offerings, as reporters hold interviews with K-pop singers and artists. Travel pieces highlighting the streets of Korea's capital city are being made under the category of “Seoul Saunter.”By Park Ju-young (jupark@heraldcorp.com)
AUSTRALIA has been accused of falling behind the rest of the world and "resting on its laurels" over its poor results in the decline of cigarette smokers on World No Tobacco Day.
It comes as the president of the Australian Medical Association defended the government's strict policy against changing its stance on e-cigarettes.
Experts from the University of New South Wales' School of Public Health and Community Medicine and the Australian Drug Law Reform Foundation, along with GPs and addiction specialists have joined forces to form the Australian Tobacco Harm Reduction Association (ATHRA).
The association gathered data from across the globe and discovered Australia, though once a leader in the area and despite our efforts at raising taxes and removing packaging, had fallen off the grid over annual smoking decline rates.
The not-for-profit's aim is to improve public health awareness of tobacco harm reduction to reduce the devastating health effects of tobacco smoking in Australia.
The data collected from the group shows that Australia's decline in annual smoking rates has almost stalled at 0.2 per cent between 2013-2016. Australia lags behind Iceland, Norway, USA, the UK, Canada and New Zealand, where just last week the sale of nicotine e-cigarettes and e-liquid as consumer goods was legalised on the basis that vaping is a much safer alternative to smoking and could help many smokers to quit.
"In [Australia in] 2013 and 2016 there's been virtually no change. Some people are saying there might have been a very small increase in the number of smokers - that's partly due to migration," ATHRA director Dr Joe Kosterich told news.com.au.
"If we look at other jurisdictions, they've pretty much done similar things to what we've done; similar increase in taxation, banning smoking in public places, smoking health education. All of these things are really important moves but you then reach a point where you're not going any further.
"Jurisdictions like Japan, Scandinavia, England in particular, Canada, have introduced and supported to varying degrees non-cigarette alternatives, whether it's vaping, heat-not-burn devices and snus (a moist powder tobacco popular in Scandinavia).
"These jurisdictions have moved to these other forms of people using nicotine that doesn't involve people smoking cigarettes and their rates of smoking are declining.
"The difference between them and us is they've adopted these new technologies and we haven't."
Last month, NSW Parliament passed into law the Smoke-free Environment Amendment Bill 2018, which bans vaping from the same spaces in which cigarettes are banned, despite compelling evidence on e-cigarettes and heat-not-burn products published by Public Health England (PHE) that found e-cigarettes are saving thousands of lives each year.
NSW joined Queensland, Victoria, Tasmania and the ACT in introducing laws banning the use of the controversial product from July this year in areas including shopping centres, cinemas, libraries, trains, buses, public swimming pools, parks, sports grounds and outdoor dining areas.
In an interview with 3AW's Neil Mitchell this week, AMA President Dr Tony Bartone said there was "still a lot of work to be done on whether they [e-cigarettes] really do help people get off smoking".
"A lot of the evidence coming through now is showing that actually all it does is defer or delay the decision to actually come off cigarettes, and a lot of people go back to cigarettes while coming down to it," he said.
"But yes, we don't deny that it is less dangerous than smoking the actual real cigarettes, but it's about normalising the whole behaviour."
Dr Bartone said the concern over legalising the use of e-cigarettes was that the act of smoking the device "normalises the act of smoking and almost glamorises it to the young population coming through".
Dr Kosterich said the argument that e-cigarettes normalise smoking "is like saying giving a child a glass of water normalises vodka. It just doesn't".
When a smoker puffs on a normal cigarette, at least 7000 chemicals are released due to the massive combustion caused by the cigarette's burn.
Because this is absent in vapour. The chemicals in an e-cigarette are at levels less than 1 per cent of those in tobacco smoke and are reported to be 95 per cent less harmful than cigarettes.
Yet Dr Bartone said it was too early to tell if there were any real dangers posed by the new devices.
"We don't know what the harms are of smoking the vapour, inhaling the vapour. We don't know whether it works as a cessation aid fully. We say, let's see the evidence, let's see the proof.
"I know that there've been some papers written to say that it does work, but they're really questionable trials."
The Australian government's QuitNow website states: "Nicotine causes changes in the structure and function of the brain producing both positive experiences such as feelings of arousal, relaxation and improved concentration and negative withdrawal symptoms such as nervousness, restlessness, irritability."
Addiction expert Dr Hester Wilson told news.com.au that in her experience, smoking "can be highly addictive, it's far more addictive than alcohol, cocaine or even heroin".
"For the people that I work with that have other drug and alcohol issues, smoking generally is the last thing they manage to give up, they give up everything else but smoking is the hardest.
Why smoking was the hardest of the substances to quit, Dr Wilson, who is working on a "Quit Nagging" campaign for nonsmokers, said it was the "million-dollar question".
"The bottom line is it's a really complex interaction that our brains and body has with nicotine."
Dr Kosterich agreed nicotine was the problem but he said that removing an alternative to nicotine therapy "doesn't make a lot of sense".
"The idea of substituting nicotine is not new, this is just doing it via a different mechanism," he told news.com.au.
"In an ideal world, people would do neither, but it's not an ideal world. Some smokers will go from smoking to vaping to nothing at all, and others will go smoking to vaping without nicotine because some people enjoy or need the hand/mouth movement and that's OK, we don't need to judge these people harshly.
"Ideally nobody would do anything but we could certainly do more in this country to present smokers with a less harmful way. Worst case scenario is if you didn't stop altogether, but if you didn't you're doing something that's much less harmful.
"How we regard that as a bad thing in this country, it doesn't make a lot of sense."
• World No Tobacco Day is observed around the world every year on May 31. For more information, visit the World Health Organisation's website.
• This World No Nagging Day hopes to help families and loved ones quit together. Visit quitnagging.com.au.
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
From Mormon Missionary To LGBTQ Advocate (And International Rock Star)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of HBO Courtesy of HBO
Dan Reynolds is known to millions of fans around the world as the lead singer of the popular band, Imagine Dragons, because of hits like "Radioactive," "Thunder," and last year's chart topper, "Believer."
The spiritual questions at the core of "Believer" are unmistakable, but also deeply personal. Now, though, Reynolds has taken those questions to new, more public terrain — the treatment of LGBTQ members of the church of Reynold's upbringing, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, the Mormon Church.
Reynolds wrestles with the church's stance on same-sex relationships in a new documentary, also called Believer. It recently premiered at the Sundance Film Festival, which wrapped up last weekend in Park City, Utah. The documentary follows Reynolds' journey, from Mormon missionary to international rock star to LGBTQ advocate.
Reynolds spoke with NPR's Michel Martin about growing up Mormon, how his view of the church has evolved and why he decided to become an advocate for Mormon LGBTQ youth.
Interview Highlights
On how he began to question the Mormon Church's stance on same-sex relationships
When I was 18, I applied to go to BYU like my six brothers ahead of me — I have eight boys and one girl in my family. All of them went on Mormon missions, all of them went to BYU, and I was the first one in my family who was really on the brink of not getting into BYU. My grades weren't quite as good as my brothers' so I did a lot of after school and I got in by the skin of my teeth.
Then, one week before I was supposed to go, I met with a bishop and told him I had sex with my girlfriend of four years, and got kicked out of BYU — and that was a trigger point in my life. It was the first time that I kind of spiraled into depression. I was told that I had to stay home and all my friends went off to college and my roommate had to find someone else and I felt like a whole community was judging me.
I also felt like God saw me as this dirty kid who was sinful. And I think that was the first time that I started to think, you know, something's not right about this — telling a child that something that is innate, that is natural, that is beautiful, is sinful. And that was really destructive to me, and it's taken me years to see that and a lot of therapy and that's a small level of what LGBT Mormons go through — which is feeling guilt or shame about something that is innate, that should be celebrated, that is their sexuality, that is unchangeable.
Now that I've done the research and seen the suicide rate in Utah being the number one reason of death among teenagers, and LGBT youth are eight times more likely to take their lives if they're not accepted in their home or community, it's kind of been bubbling up for a long time for me.
On putting together the LoveLoud concert to support the LGBTQ community
You know, I think the first knee jerk reaction that I hear from most people that are not raised within religion or got out of religion, they say, 'Well, if it's such a dangerous place, leave religion. Leave Mormonism.' Or, 'Just tell these kids leave Mormonism.' But it's not that simple because you're actually putting kids in a more dangerous position, a lot of times. If you just tell them, 'Hey, leave Mormonism' that could be leaving their home — getting kicked out of their home and putting them in, you know, a place of even higher chance of suicide, depression, anxiety and so, it's not that simple.
The question is how do we provide a safer place for them within the walls of religion until they get to a point where they can make a decision that's safe for them; you know, to either stay within their religious upbringing or leave. And so that's what LoveLoud Festival is about, is bridging the gap between religious communities — specifically Mormonism — and the LGBTQ community. But also, we wanted to do it right in Utah, right next to the church, right next to BYU, which is where I got kicked out of college, so that the church has to see this.
On the backlash he's received after the film
You know, I had this conversation with my wife before we really stepped into this journey and we both kind of got to this point where we said, you know what, enough is enough and we have to follow our truth and follow our heart. You know, I've spent a lifetime trying not to offend people — that's one thing that Mormons is really good at is smiling and shaking your hand and doing everything they can to not offend you. And I have gotten to this point in life where I don't want to live that way anymore.
At the end of the day there are going to be people who look at this and say, "You're not Mormon enough," and then there are going to be people on the other side that are going to say, "You're not coming down hard enough on the Mormon church" and "You should leave," so I'm kind of riding this middle ground that I know is going to be offensive to people. All I can do is just be myself and follow my heart, and this is my path.
On his family's reaction
That's been the hard part. If I were to be honest with you, the comments, all those things, I can let those things go. I've been in a band for years now that some people love and some people love to hate, I'm used to letting those things slide. But my family — that's hard. And my whole family is super Orthodox Mormon. And so none of them are particularly happy with me going down this road.
I sat down with my family member, who I'm not going to name, but they, you know, they said to me, "What if you get to Heaven and God says, 'Look at all these people you led astray and you made it sound like it was OK to be gay, and that's sinful.' " And so we obviously have pretty big ideological differences and theological differences at this point but, you know, my mom and dad came to the premiere and that meant a lot to me.
It's been a strange journey and I kind of try to put the family stuff out of sight and mind. Family is everything to me, and so having kind of a strained relationship with my family in this way is definitely the hardest part.
NPR's Isabel Dobrin produced this story for the web.
[Editorial] 1,000 days
Journalists should have asked Park about Sewol allegations of Navy, US military
It took 992 days for President Park Geun-hye to offer an alibi to the public as to what she was doing on April 16, 2014, when the Sewol ferry disaster occurred, leaving over 300 dead or missing.
Unfortunately, the explanation she offered in her meeting with reporters on Sunday is not convincing.
And lamentably, Park appeared to confuse the timing of the accident and following speculation involving her male confidant Jeong Yun-hoe. She mentioned both “last year” and “the year before last” in an unsure manner.
It was Aug. 3, 2014 when Japanese daily Sankei Shimbun raised the speculation through a report. The paper alleged that Park was with civilian Jeong for several hours on April 16, 2014, outside the presidential office.
Apart from the truth behind a variety of allegations, it is inappropriate for the incumbent president to confuse the year of the disaster in her official comments to citizens. The meetings with reporters involving questions were arranged by Cheong Wa Dae on the occasion of New Year's Day.
Park also said she was relieved by the news in the morning on the day that all passengers had been rescued, which was soon found to be false.
If her remarks are true, this means a serious loophole in real-time countermeasures of the state agencies, such as the National Intelligence Service and the military.
The broadcasters' false report was due to an unidentified figure's groundless yelling, “(I've found that) all (476) passengers have been rescued,” to media and families of the passengers, who had gathered at a port in Jindo, South Jeolla Province.
Concerning her unreasonable comments on TV around 5 p.m., more than six hours after the ferry sank on the day, Park told reporters Sunday that her remarks at that time could be convincing in a broad context.
Park had questioned her staffers, “Is it difficult (for maritime police) to detect the students wearing life jackets?”
Few would have expected that the suspended president would not make a sincere apology to the country in regards to her alleged neglecting of duties on April 16, 2014 and her female confidante Choi Soon-sil's meddling in state affairs.
Park is assumed to have sought to make alibis via her “voluntary” meeting with the media, as the independent counsel and the Constitutional Court are looking into the Park scandal, respectively.
As she is not allowed to make an official New Year's speech to the public due to her suspended status in the wake of the impeachment accord by the National Assembly, she might have chosen to meet reporters as a defensive tool.
Given that she had often declined to accept questions after speeches, this represented a good opportunity for media. Reporters should have been more aggressive and sharper in their inquiries.
Journalists should have delivered questions as to why authorities had failed to make full-fledged rescue activities. Park's excuse Sunday that she “had instructed agencies to dispatch the commandos if necessary” does not match what the administration did after the Sewol ferry began to sink.
They should have demanded Park clarify her stance over allegations the South Korean military rejected an offer from the US to provide aid in rescue activities. In addition, they should have asked why the move by the then chief of staff of the Navy to dispatch a salvage vessel to the Sewol was, reportedly, blocked by an undisclosed power.
Park and Cheong Wa Dae might have already destroyed evidence on the ferry case.
Nonetheless, the independent counsel -- led by a special group of prosecutors -- should search the presidential office as soon as possible.
There is a high possibility that lax rescue activities or a following lax investigation into the accident were masterminded by at least one of these five: Park, then-presidential Chief of Staff Kim Ki-choon, then-National Security Adviser Kim Jang-soo, then-Civil Affairs Secretary Woo Byung-woo and Choi Soon-sil.
The Sewol case, marking its 1,000th day since the sinking on Jan. 9, could be a crucial factor determining a potential jail term of Park after her ouster. The ship has yet to be salvaged.
EVEN though there will be disappointment that Hull, the 2017 City of Culture, did not make the cut to become the new base for Channel 4, it's encouraging that both Leeds and Sheffield are still in the running after making various shortlists announced yesterday.
This region has much to offer the broadcaster as it prepares to move its HQ, and creative hubs, out of London – the challenge now is to put together two bids which are so compelling in their ambition and outlook that both cities are ultimately selected by Channel 4. Yorkshire's creative industries deserve nothing less. They already enrich this county and there's no reason why their flair and talent cannot reach new audiences.
PanARMENIAN.Net - India's space agency said it successfully launched more than 100 foreign nano satellites into orbit Wednesday, February 15 aboard a single rocket, The Associated Press reports.
The Indian Space Research Organization said the nano satellites — those weighing less than 10 kilograms (22 pounds) — were sent into orbit on board its polar satellite launch vehicle in southern India.
The agency said the launching of the 104 satellites was a record, overtaking Russia's feat of sending 37 satellites in a single launch in 2014.
The nano satellites belong to various companies in the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Israel, the Netherlands and Kazakhstan, according to the ISRO.
"All 104 satellites were successfully placed in orbit," the Press Trust of India news agency quoted ISRO Chairman A.S. Kiran Kumar as saying. They included an Indian earth observation satellite.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted that the "remarkable feat by ISRO is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation."
India has been striving to become a player in the multibillion-dollar space launch market, and has successfully placed light satellites into orbit in recent years. It hopes to eventually send astronauts into space.
In September 2014, India successfully guided a spacecraft into orbit around Mars. Only the United States, the former Soviet Union and the European Space Agency had been able to previously do that.
revoria This item is readied with regards to GNP labs and is consummately sheltered and powerful as to giving flexibility from maturing signs. Found in the audit beneath, you can know totally about now this serum. vita_luminance_reviews Get to think About revoria Your serum is set up in GNP labs utilizing 100% ecological and unadulterated fixings.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol has come up top in a ranking of cities that offer the most to home buyers.
New research into the key selling points of 26 UK cities has revealed that Bristol is the top property market hotspot of 2018.
The news comes as online home buying company We Buy Any Home reveals The Selling Points Index 2018, which found the UK cities which are the most desirable for buyers and offer the best conditions for sellers to get a good price.
Cities were scored on a number of factors including employment rate, good schools, A&E wait times and how quick houses took to sell.
Bristol topped the class this year thanks to its high employment rate and average salary figures. The city also performed well from a sales perspective, with a low average property sale time of 61 days.
Elliot Castle, founder and CEO at We Buy Any Home, said: “We wanted to highlight the areas of the country which are the most desirable for buyers and offer the best conditions for sellers to get a good price.
“We also wanted to make our index as comprehensive as possible and so took into consideration a variety of factors that really matter to both buyers and sellers.
“Bristol scored well across the board, offering a high quality of living in several areas.
“The southwest of England has been a popular region for property, and it looks like this trend is likely to continue.”
The city's closest neighbour, Bath, didn't fair quite as well, coming 19th on the list of 26.
Despite being the best area for low burglary rates, the Georgian hotspot failed to impress on A&E targets and affordable houses.
Here are Bristol's statistics:
Key Data Sets Position in Index for particular data set Research Findings Employment Rate 1st 76.8% The average sale time of a property 3rd 61 days Average wage/earnings 3rd £28,187 The number of outstanding OFSTED rated schools in the area 5th 23 The A&E target ratings of the local NHS Trust 9th 90.80% Burglary rate 14th 4.7 Average House Price 22nd £272,685
And this is how other cities in the UK fared:
1. Bristol
2. Southampton
3. Cambridge
4. Stoke on Trent
5. Edinburgh
6. Glasgow
7. Newcastle
8. Plymouth
9. Birmingham
10. Manchester
Mabel Pousson, who turned 101 years old on Thursday, celebrates her birthday Saturday at her Bayou Vista home. Her birthday wish was to live to see her 102nd birthday.
Wake up! Wake up! It's about time to fire the engines.
For those who have paid attention to the NASCAR offseason and think they remember everything, go back to sleep until the green flag drops at 8:24 p.m. ET Saturday night at Daytona International Speedway for the one preseason race of the year.
This won't have much new in it. But if any fan has everything that happened in the offseason in his or her head, well, that head might just not have much room left for anything else.
So here's a refresher: It's been one busy offseason in NASCAR. Here are some of the things that have happened since NASCAR dropped the checkered flag at Homestead as it prepares to run The Clash (old name is new again) At Daytona with practice Friday and the 75-lap exhibition race Saturday night. Single-lap qualifying will take place Sunday afternoon to set the front row for the Daytona 500.
NASCAR has a new series sponsor. Monster Energy has replaced Sprint. What does it mean? The cars will have Monster logos across the windshields (names of drivers now on the back of the cars). There will be more Monster girls at races then you can count on two hands. Monster will try to bring more of a party atmosphere. TV executives, though, will wonder how they will replace all that Sprint advertising. And fans will wonder about their cell service.
Editor's Picks Thoughts turn to love of the sport on Valentine's Day Valentine's Day and love to go together, but what about the love of racing? Hall of Famers Richard Childress, Mark Martin and Rick Hendrick shared their thoughts on how they came to love the sport.
A Monster move for NASCAR into new era Many observers are keeping a keen eye on the transition to a new sponsor and the dawning of the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. How will it work out? The past may help predict the future. 1 Related
The series has a new points system. It would take a series of paragraphs to explain it. But the main points: First off, NASCAR has trashed the term "Chase" -- it's buh-bye along with Sprint. NASCAR has found a new word to describe its playoff system: Playoffs. It's the one thing that is simple about this new system.
Races will be broken into three stages. Think of the end of stages as competition cautions as laps will continue to tick. The first two stages will be the same number of laps -- for instance, at Daytona, the stages will come at the end of laps 60 and 120 and then there's the end of the race at lap 200. At the end of each of the first two segments, the top 10 earn points on a 10-to-1 scale. At the end of the race, all 40 drivers earn points with the winner getting 40, then second through 35th on a descending 35-to-2 scale and 36th to 40th all get one point apiece.
But wait, there's more. Each stage winner gets 1 "playoff point" and the race winner gets 5 playoff points. Plus, at the end of the regular season, the top 10 drivers in the point standings get playoff points on a 15-10-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 scale. Drivers now carry these playoff points -- and continue to earn playoff points -- into the third round of the playoffs, meaning a driver who has a great regular season has less of a chance of being eliminated before Homestead. See: Four-time winner Martin Truex Jr. not advancing to the third round and six-race winner William Byron in trucks not advancing to the finale (which he also won).
Homestead is still the same as far as the championship -- the driver among the four finalists who finish the best is the champion. Don't ask what the trophy is called or what it will look like. It's only February, folks.
One thing that doesn't change? How drivers get into the playoffs and advance through the playoffs -- 16 drivers to start (regular season champ plus the next 15 drivers based on wins with ties broken by points) and four drivers eliminated after every three races.
Enough of points. There are more changes to talk about.
This year's Toyota Camry, here driven in a test by Daniel Suarez, has a new look, and like all the Cup cars for 2017 will have a shorter spoiler and reduced surface area on the front splitter. Jennifer Stewart/Getty Images
Wrecked cars? Can't fix them. Well, if a car goes to the garage with body damage, they are done for the day. Teams can only add tape and support rods on pit road if they have damage -- and they get only five minutes while on pit road to do it. After that, they must wait until the green flag comes out, show they can reach minimum speed, and then they can come down again. Teams can go to the garage for an electrical or mechanical failure but can't add any major parts and pieces.
If a driver gets in a wreck, there will be another change -- the driver will be seen by a doctor and paramedic employed by American Medical Response, which will have a pool of four or five doctors and paramedics who will rotate going to races. It's NASCAR's version of a traveling safety team. It's not where other series are, but it's a step toward at least consistent care. And if Matt DiBenedetto stumbles after getting out of a car, maybe the doctor won't think he will have a concussion.
Speaking of the cars, they will be a little different this year for the non-restrictor-plate tracks. The spoiler is smaller (from 3.5-by-61 inches to 2.375-by-61). The front splitter has less surface area, for a combination that NASCAR hopes reduces the downforce from 2,800 pounds to 2,000 pounds. The Toyota looks different thanks to a revamped body to go along with the 2018 Camry released later this year. As far as Daytona and Talladega, the horsepower will be slightly reduced as the restrictor-plate holes will be 56/64ths of an inch in diameter, down 1/64th from a year ago.
Maybe we should mention drivers. Dale Earnhardt Jr. is back, but not for The Clash exhibition race Saturday. He's opted for the television booth and Alex Bowman, who earned a pole at Phoenix, will be in the No. 88 just for that event.
And if you hear someone on the No. 19 radio that doesn't sound like Carl Edwards, it's because it's not. Edwards has joined Tony Stewart among the retired. Daniel Suarez, the Xfinity champ, has taken the place of Edwards.
Clint Bowyer has replaced Stewart, whose four-car operation will now field Fords instead of Chevrolets.
And there you go. Hope that helps. Just don't go back to sleep during a race -- you might miss who wins a stage and that potentially critical playoff point.
It is obvious that WWE is looking to make the first month of 2017 a big one as they already are having Goldberg on the opening episode of Monday Night Raw. Well, they are going to make another episode of Raw even bigger as they prepare for the Royal Rumble and all of the fun that it will be. As the company prepares for the huge over-the-top-rope match in Texas, next week's Raw will feature the return of two huge superstars in Shawn Michaels and The Undertaker. Even though there are some things going against both of these appearances happening, it certainly is going to take place. The Wrestling Observer reported that both The Undertaker and Shawn Michaels are confirmed to appear on the January 9 episode of Monday Night Raw from New Orleans. Adding even more confirmation to this fact is that the official page for Live Events now shows both superstars as appearing. Yes, that list is always subject to change, but those two big-time stars were not on it a couple of days ago. [Image by WWE] While this move is not totally unexpected due to the Royal Rumble taking place in San Antonio and the company wanting Texas talent to build things up, it is a bit odd. It's also strange seeing Shawn Michaels' picture showing up as one of the scheduled talents to appear, but also fun for longtime fans. First of all, Shawn Michaels is retired and likely won't be doing anything at the pay-per-view (PPV) except making an appearance. It is possible that he could do a promo or play it up at the Rumble to the hometown crowd or something like that, but what if there's more? As of now, there is nothing saying that he will do anything more than simply show up to make the Texas fans happy. Inquisitr recently reported that Shawn Michaels had talked about not even being contacted for the Royal Rumble and that rumors of a match with AJ Styles were nothing but just talk. Obviously, one of those things has changed, but there isn't a good chance that the latter will change. Michaels has said he is retired and fully plans on staying retired no matter how much the fans want to see him take on Styles. On the other hand, The Undertaker showing up could mean that he is actually going to enter the 30-man match. He hasn't been in one of the giant battle royals since 2009 when he entered at number 30 and ended up winning the whole thing. [Image by WWE] If he were to actually enter the Royal Rumble, it would be some huge news and knowing that he is appearing on Raw, that may be what's happening. Don't forget that The Undertaker is a member of the SmackDown LIVE roster and him appearing on the other brand's show is pretty big in itself. Survivor Series had the two brands fight against one another, and the Royal Rumble will end up doing the same for the 30-superstar bout. Much like the way The Undertaker showed up on SmackDown LIVE to issue a warning to Team Blue, he could show up on Raw to announce his intentions on entering the match and warning everyone that he will take them out. Wrestling Inc. is reporting that The Undertaker's return to Monday Night Raw is being called a “special appearance.” As for the reasoning behind he and Shawn Michaels showing up next Monday night, it will be to build up the Rumble. So far, there are three matches confirmed for the PPV as shown by the official page for the Royal Rumble: 30-man Rumble match – Goldberg and Brock Lesnar confirmed entrants WWE Championship: AJ Styles (c) vs. John Cena WWE Universal Championship: Kevin Owens (c) vs. Roman Reigns – Chris Jericho locked in a shark cage above the ring The Royal Rumble is always one of the most fun PPVs of the year because of the unpredictability (somewhat) of who will win and what will happen. Having Goldberg and Brock Lesnar in the match is already enough to make it a key event in 2017. WWE is amping things up, though, by featuring the Monday Night Raw returns of both Shawn Michaels and The Undertaker as they prepare for their appearances at the Texas event. [Featured Image by WWE]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Follow Jeff Add to circle
BMW built approximately 457 M1 super coupes. This production run lasted from 1978 up through 1981, during which time BMW teamed up with Lamborghini to deliver its wedge-shaped machine as a homologation special. To press more cars into the hands of buyers, BMW created the M1 Procar Championship. This one-make racing series ran for two years and drew participation from some colossal names from the racing world.
Today, the M1 Procar racers appear at a handful of high-level vintage racing events. Such was the case recently at Spa-Francorchamps, where three of the cars were set loose.
CHECK OUT: 2017 Honda Civic Type R first drive review: track attacker
The sound you're hearing comes courtesy of a road-racing variant of a remarkable street car. The M1 Procar racers are a bit different in a number of ways compared to the road cars--most notable is the fact that their M88 straight-6 engines make 470 horsepower compared to the 273 horses of the road cars. The cars also have adjustable anti-roll bars, adjustable brake bias, and race-ready steering racks.
We don't think the road car ever spit this much hot fire, either. The tail area of these M1s are running rather hot as they rip and roars through the famed Belgian circuit. It's an amazing sight to behold, but it also means a lot of unburnt fuel is finding its way through the engines. It looks cool, but it's not efficient.
Still, we'll take cool over efficient when it comes to a car like the BMW M1 Procar.
_______________________________________
Follow Motor Authority on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
HONOLULU – It's officially barbecue season, though one place you shouldn't plan on making s'mores is over the lava-spurting Kilauea volcano on Hawaii's Big Island.
It's hard to believe the US Geological Survey should have to say this, but the agency issued just such a warning Monday after one curious guy posed an eyebrow-raising question, USA Today reports. That query: “Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous?”
The short answer from the USGS Volcanoes handle: “Erm … we're going to have to say no, that's not safe.”
Then, an elaboration: “If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction.” A final warning: “Please don't try!”
CNN answers the larger question of whether it's safe to be in Hawaii at all right now. (The “vog” over the Big Island is creating amazing sunsets.)
More From Newser:
RAWALPINDI, Dec 11 (APP):US Ambassador to Pakistan, David Hale met Chief of Army Staff (COAS), General Qamar Javed Bajwa at General Headquarters (GHQ) on Monday.
Matters of mutual interest including regional security issues were discussed during the meeting, a statement issued here by Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) said.
Mumbai: The BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty opened lower on Thursday. The Indian rupee, tracking Asian cues, falls against the US dollar. The shares of Adani Ports and Bharti Airtel rise, whereas those of TCS, Gail, and Coal India fall. Counters such as realty, oil and gas, auto, healthcare and FMCG traded positive. The NSE Nifty too edged up by 3.25 points, or 0.03%, at 9,621.40.
Caution set in after the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates by 25 basis points (bps) and announced its plans to start paring its bond holdings. Major gainers that supported the indices were Bharti Airtel, Adani Ports, NTPC, Dr Reddy's, Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, RIL, ITC and Hind Unilever, rising by up to 1.37%. Traders said building of fresh long positions amid continued buying by domestic institutional investors (DIIs) kept bullish sentiment intact. DIIs bought shares worth Rs71.65 crore, while foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth Rs161.13 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional data.
■ 11.05am: Aviation stocks trade higher. SpiceJet Ltd shares rise 2.6%, Jet Airways India Ltd shares rise 2.1%, InterGlobe Aviation Ltd shares rise 2.3%.
■ 11.00am: Oil marketing companies trade lower. Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd shares fall 2.4%, Hindustan Petroleum Corp shares fall 1.8%, Indian Oil Corp shares fall 1.2%.
■ 10.45am: Realty stocks gains. DLF Ltd rose 2%, HDIL 1.8%, Prestige Real Estate 1.7%, Godrej Properties 1.7%, Sobha 1.4%, Indiabulls Real Estate 1.2%.
■ 10.30am: Cadila Healthcare Ltd rose 2.1% to Rs 539.85 after the company said in a notice to BSE that Zydus got final approval from the USFDA for Acyclovir for injection USP.
■ 10.13am: Shipping Corp. of India (SCI) shares rise as much as 16% (Rs92) after Niti Aayog proposes stake sale in the company. Currently the scrip is trading at Rs87.35, 10% higher than its previous close.
■ 9.33am: BSE Sensex trades lower by 20 points, or 0.07%, to 31,136, while the Nifty 50 falls 20 points, or 0.21%, to 9,598.
■ 9.30am: Reliance Industries Ltd rose 1% to Rs1,368. According to CNBC report, Mukesh Ambani will hold press conference along with British Petroleum in Delhi on Thursday.
■ 9.25am: Jindal Saw Ltd rose 3% to Rs75.55 after the company said its holding in US unit brought down to 19%; closed down unit in Spain; sold shareholding in Singapore unit.
■ 9.20am: Central Bank of India fell 2.1% to Rs99.50 after its said Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has initiated “prompt corrective action” (PCA) for state-run Central Bank of India over high bad loans and negative return on assets
■ 9.10am: Shipping companies were trading higher. Shipping Corp Of India rose 12%, Great Eastern Shipping Co Ltd rose 3.5%. Shreyas Shipping & Logistics Ltd 4.4%.
■ 9.08am: Banking stocks fell. Punjab National Bank fell 2.3%, Dena Bank 1.8%, Indian Overseas Bank 1.7%, Bank of Baroda 1.6%, IDBI Bank 1.5%, UCo Bank 1.5%, Union Bank of India 1.4%, Oriental Bank of Commerce 1.2%, Canara Bank 1.2%, Syndicate Bank 1.1%, Yes Bank 1.1%, Bank of India 1.1%, Indian Bank 1.1%, Andhra Bank 1%, Axis Bank 0.8%.
■ 9.05am: The 10-year bond yield was at 6.502% compared to its previous close of 6.474%. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions.
■ 9.00am: Asian currencies were trading mixed. Thai baht was up 0.15%, Malaysian ringgit 0.09% and Japanese yen rose 0.04%. However, Taiwan dollar was down 0.07%, Indonesian rupiah 0.07% and Singapore dollar fell 0.05%.
With inputs from PTI
Nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globes will be announced on Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Matt Sayles / AP)
New York — When nominations for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards are announced Monday morning, the shadow of sexual misconduct scandals will be hard to avoid.
The nominations will begin at 8:15 a.m. A second batch of nominees will follow live on NBC's “Today” show, where less than two weeks earlier, longtime host Matt Lauer was fired following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct.
Lauer was just the latest media figure to be toppled by the ongoing revelations that have followed the ouster of former Weinstein Co. co-chairman Harvey Weinstein, along with many others, including Kevin Spacey. As a co-star in Ridley Scott's upcoming “All the Money in the World,” Spacey — whose performance has been removed in reshoots — might have once expected to hear his named among Monday's best supporting actor nominees.
Amazon's “Transparent” and star Jeffrey Tambor have also been regular Globes nominees, and could be again Monday for the show's fourth season. Two women have come forward in the past month to accuse Tambor of sexual harassment, including “Transparent” actress Trace Lysette and his former assistant. Tambor has said “the idea that I would deliberately harass anyone is simply and utterly untrue.”
The Globes will be the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Weinstein landscape. Presented and chosen by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, their deliberations aren't representative of the larger industry. The HFPA is composed of approximately 90 largely unknown international journalists.
But the Globes, which this year will be hosted by Seth Meyers on January 7, have long characterized themselves as one of the frothiest stops on the awards season circuit. Many will be watching to see how the Globes weigh the likes of “Transparent” and “All the Money in the World.” A rough cut of the latter was reportedly screened for the HFPA shortly after Scott finished reshooting the film with Christopher Plummer stepping in for Spacey.
Among the favorites at the Globes this year are Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post” and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale “Dunkirk.” In the television categories, Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and HBO's “Big Little Lies” could be in for a big morning.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2Bbw6ni
LJUBLJANA, Slovenia — Slovenia coach Srecko Katanec says he will step down from his job after the team's World Cup qualifier against Scotland on Sunday.
Slovenia, which lost to England 1-0 on Thursday, still has a slim chance of reaching a playoff spot in Group F if it beats Scotland and Slovakia loses at home against Malta.
The 54-year-old Katanec became Slovenia coach in December 2012. He earlier coached Slovenia from 1998-2002, taking the team to the 2000 European Championship and the 2002 World Cup.
Lÿ??:???:??
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): The hearing of the Joint Investigation Team (JIT) probing the Panama Papers ended here Thursday wherein Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif appeared in person.
The prime minister spent around two and half hours at the academy where he had arrived without security protocol.
The prime minister was summoned by the JIT at 1100 hours as his sons Hussain Nawaz and Hassan Nawaz had already appeared before the body and recorded their statements.
RSA Films, the production company co-founded by Ridley Scott, is formalizing its virtual reality (VR) work by officially launching a proper division for it: RSA VR is being headed by Jen Dennis, who has been with RSA Films for close to three years as executive producer of branded content and VR.
One of the first projects coming out of RSA VR is a VR experience for Ridley Scott's “Alien: Covenant,” which the company is producing in cooperation with 20th Century Foxes's new FoxNext innovation unit and Technicolor.
“We have been heavily involved in VR for the past few years, and having a dedicated standalone division underscores our commitment to immersive media in both the brand and entertainment space,” said RSA Films President Jules Daly in a statement.
RSA Films previously worked on “The Martian VR Experience” together with 20th Century Fox and Robert Stromberg's Virtual Reality Company. “RSA has been a great partner with Fox and a pioneer in virtual reality,” said FoxNext President Salil Mehta.
RSA VR is currently working on “Blackbox,” a VR series it is producing together with EndlessVR, and a VR documentary series that is shot by photographer and director Michael Muller.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA) chief Maulana Fazal-ur-Rehman Wednesday said Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) did not have any political vision as its last government in Khyber Pakhtunkhawa could not deliver for the welfare of the province.
He appreciated former Punjab chief minister Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif for launching metro bus and orange line train but alleged that Imran Khan had taken commission in various projects in KP.
Fazal-ur-Rehman said MMA had won many seats in 2002 and formed the government in one province. The Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam Fazal (JUI-F) had given many sacrifices for MMA and nobody could neglect them, he added.
“We had awarded tickets to candidates in all constituencies of Punjab and KP to contest elections against PTI and PML-N and in Sindh, the party had already made alliance with Grand Democratic Alliance (GDA). Our candidates will also contest against feudalism in Balochistan,” he informed.
Commenting on the attack on PPP Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari's rally at Layari Karachi, he strongly condemned the incident and prayed that such incidents should not happen again in the country.
He said peace was restored in the country due to sacrifices of civilian and valiant armed forces in war against terrorism.
Commenting on Kashmir dispute, he said Kashmir was an issue of the whole sub-continent and it should not be limited only at Parliamentary Kashmir Committee.
LAHORE, Dec 11 (APP):Pakistan veterans cricket team returned home
on Monday from the successful tour of Sri Lanka making a clean sweep in
the four match series.
After winning the first three matches with ease and comfort ,the touring side continued its sparkling performance outclassing the home side by four wickets.
Pak veterans team led by chief executive , Pakistan veterans cricket association, Ashiq Hussain Qureshi put up brilliance with collective efforts to win the series during its nine day tour.
Batted first, Lankan side posted 221 runs in 33.5 overs with Fernando hammering a solid century 107 . Athola and Paul contributed 31 and 24 runs.
Man of the match Imtiaz Tarar captured four wickets for 28 runs in a
deadly spell. Zafar Ali took two wickets for 43 as Asim Jaa and Fawad
Ijaz Khan got one wicket for 34 and 46 runs.
In reply, Pakistan veterans knocked off the target for the loss
of four wickets in 31.5 overs.
Dastagior Butt remained unbeaten with 44 runs and Ghulam Ali (26)
and Aamir Ilyas Butt (13) led the side to success with responsible
batting.
Angelo three for 21 and Depaul three for 54 runs dominated from
Lankan bowling.
Ashiq Hussain Qureshi awarded man of the match award to Imtiaz
after the match.
CLAIM
Eric Trump said his father planned to "cancel" taxes on wealthy people.
false
RATING
false
ORIGIN
On 16 April 2017 Politicalo.com published an article suggesting that the President's son Eric Trump claimed his father was going to discontinue taxation on wealthy Americans, thereby rendering debate over the elder Trump's tax returns irrelevant:
“As always, his son Eric was there to provide a helping hand in defending his father. During an brief phone interview with KYXL Radio based out of Orlando, Florida, President Trump's second son argued that his father's tax return is “irrelevant,” largely because “he knows all there is to know about following the letter of the law, especially when it comes to paying taxes.” He said, “When you come from a background like the one my father comes from, you have to know all there is about paying taxes and doing your part to make this country a better place.” Eric continued, “And while we're on the subject, I kind of have to say, it's funny how taxes work. They sort of punish the hardest working and most productive members of our society while taking nothing from those who would rather be lazy and beg on the streets. That's kind of not fair. What he has here is a system that flat out punishes those who want to contribute and make their lives better and at the same time, rewards those who want to be nothing more than dead weight. The worst part is, I'm not saying something that's revolutionary here; this system has been in place ever since the country was established. My father, regardless of the fact that he's president, is just one person out of millions of those who are capable enough to be successful but are simultaneously struck down by our tax system. That's a catastrophe … At the end of the day, it's irrelevant whether my father choses to disclose his tax return or not. It won't matter soon anyway”
Although Newslo (and its sibling sites Religionlo, Politicops, and Politicalo) are often identified as fake news by social media users, the claim was picked up by the hyper-partisan web site Democratic Moms and spread with fewer obvious red flags. Newslo and related sites normally start each article with a paragraph of factual information followed by the embellishments featured in its headlines. Newslo's “hybrid” fake news sites include a clickable feature enabling readers to “show facts” or “hide facts.” When a reader clicks “show facts,” the factual portions of the article are highlighted. However, by default, all articles first appear in “hide facts” mode:
As the article indicated, President Trump tweeted about his tax returns and currency manipulation on 16 April 2017:
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
I did what was an almost impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
But as the “Show Facts” button demonstrated when activated, the Eric Trump's purported statements on taxation and wealth were fabricated:
As Littleton police tried to pull over a car in front of the police station after getting a report of erratic driving, the four people inside the car started throwing beer bottles at the cruiser, driving onto the highway and starting a chase that spanned multiple towns, officials said.
It was around 11:30 a.m. Tuesday when Littleton police got the report of an erratic driver on Route 119, according to a statement from Police Chief Matthew King. An officer saw the car, a 2017 silver Subaru Crosstrek with Connecticut plates, in front of the police station.
The four people inside the car threw beer bottles and other items at the cruiser, police said, then sped off.
The officer followed the Subaru which was driving at speeds of about 75 and 80 miles per hour, onto Interstate 495 and then onto Route 2 westbound, police said.
Next, the Subaru exited the highway at Route 111 in Harvard, when the driver drove onto Route 2 eastbound and exited at Taylor Street.
Then, the Subaru drove into Boxborough from Route 111 and then into Acton.
The chase ended there, as the Subaru crashed into another vehicle. No one was injured.
During the pursuit, officers learned that the four suspects inside the car were accused of shoplifting at the Shaw's Supermarket in Groton, police said.
Police were familiar with the four people inside the Subaru.
John Hickey, 31, of Everett, was in the driver's seat, police said. Also inside the car were Dylan Brunetto, 27, of Billerica, Felicia Drew, 31, of Pepperell, and Gregory Tammaro, 28, of Groton.
Hickey is facing charges including conspiracy, negligent operation of a motor vehicle, speeding, operating a motor vehicle with a revoked license and failing to stop for police.
Brunetto was charged with conspiracy and arrested on a warrant for a different shoplifting incident.
Drew and Tammaro were both charged with conspiracy and shoplifting more than $100 by concealing merchandise.
The four were expected to be arraigned in Ayer District Court on Tuesday.
* Japanese utilities snap up cargoes for Feb, March - traders
* Temperatures set to dip lower in Japan, South Korea
* Supply from Cove Point could weigh on prices
By Jessica Jaganathan and Oleg Vukmanovic
SINGAPORE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Asian spot LNG prices eased further this week on expectations of reduced buying but plunging temperatures in Japan, South Korea and China prevented a steep price decline.
Spot prices for March LNG-AS delivery in Asia fell 20 cents to $10.20 per million British thermal units (mmBtu), according to LNG traders in Asia. This is the lowest price since Dec. 7, but 36 percent higher than the same period last year, Reuters data showed.
Cargoes for delivery in February are trading at close to $12 per mmBtu, they added, as spot demand from Japan remained firm.
“Many buyers have rolled over their requirements to buy in March as February prices were too high, so March should still be supported,” a Singapore-based LNG trader said.
Power utilities in Japan have been snapping up spot cargoes over the past two weeks for delivery in February and early March, as flagging temperatures in northern Asia are set to dip further, a second Singapore-based LNG trader said.
Japan's imports of LNG rose to nearly 8.7 million tonnes last month, up 8 percent from December and the largest volume since at least January, 2013, according to ship tracking data on Thomson Reuters Eikon that goes back five years.
Temperatures in Japan and South Korea look set to dip lower this week, according to Eikon data.
There was speculation by traders of potential spot LNG demand emerging from South Korea given the bitterly cold temperatures.
In China, gas shortages continue though traders have largely scaled back their spot purchases for the first quarter. Deliveries into China slipped to 4.9 million tonnes in January, from the peak of about 5 million tonnes in December, Reuters data showed.
South Korea's POSCO bought a cargo for March 2 to 5 delivery into Gwangyang at a premium of about $10.30 to $10.50 per mmBtu, traders said.
This is similar to a cargo purchased by Japan's Tohoku Electric for a second-half March cargo, they added.
Australia's APLNG sold a cargo for early February at a premium between $11.80 and $12 per mmBtu while India's Gail may have bought a spot cargo for March at a premium of $9.50 to $10 per mmBtu, traders said.
Exports from Indonesia with around 345 million cubic metres loaded onto tankers in the week starting Jan. 29, compared with 591 mcm in the previous week, according to data on Thomson Reuters Eikon.
Some trade sources said Indonesia's Bontang LNG export facility was experiencing feed gas issues. One off-taker said Pertamina informed them that output had been affected.
The handover of the Mahakam gas block from France's Total to Pertamina on Jan. 1 may have impacted supplies as Pertamina gets to grips with technical issues, he said.
A Japanese off-taker reported no delivery delays. Pertamina declined to respond to a request for comment
Still, prices could ease once exports start from the Cove Point LNG export project in Maryland.
Dominion Energy said on Thursday that Cove Point has started producing LNG at its natural gas liquefaction facility, which is undergoing commissioning and will start commercial service in early March.
Russia's Sakhalin II project put eight cargoes up for sale between May 2018 and March 2019 with the tender closing on Feb. 9, traders said.
Angola LNG was also offering a cargo bilaterally most likely to one of the existing off-takers, which include Vitol, Glencore and RWE Supply & Trading, a market source said.
Mexico's CFE, which this week sought two February cargoes for its Atlantic coast Altamira terminal, was expected to seek more supply for its Manzanillo terminal on the Pacific in mid-to-late February for supplies in April-July, a source said.
In North Africa, Egypt purchased five cargoes for delivery in the second quarter through bilateral deals.
Commonwealth Games organisers are seeking 4000 volunteers for the opening and closing ceremonies. (AAP)
Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games organisers are on the hunt for 4000 volunteer performers to join the cast for the opening and closing ceremonies.
Missed out on tickets to the opening ceremony for next year's Gold Coast Commonwealth Games?
Don't despair, you could find yourself part of the show rather than just watching it.
Games organisers are on the hunt for members of the public to join the volunteer cast for the opening and closing ceremonies.
The Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games Corporation (GOLDOC) announced on Monday they are seeking up to 4000 volunteers from the community to perform alongside professional artists.
It may require dressing up or overcoming the stage fright of performing in front of a packed stadium, but GOLDOC chairman Peter Beattie said the opportunity is a once in a lifetime chance.
"To perform in such a high profile event is something they will remember forever," Mr Beattie said in a statement.
With tickets to the opening ceremony already sold out, earning a spot on the performance cast is one of the few remaining ways for the public to get themselves inside Carrara Stadium on April 4.
Applications are open now for aspiring cast members and close on Sunday September 3 with an audition process to follow in October.
Online application forms are available from the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games website.
(Adds quote, details)
By Christian Elion
BRAZZAVILLE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Debt-crippled Congo Republic's government approved a plan on Friday to dissolve its loss-making power and water utilities and replace them with three public limited companies.
Like other Central African oil producers, Congo has been hit hard by low crude prices. Government revenues have dropped by a third since 2015. The IMF said in December that the non-oil economy was expected to contract by 9.2 percent in 2017.
The government released a statement after a cabinet meeting saying that power company Société Nationale d'Electricité (SNE) and water utility Société Nationale de Distribution d'Eau (SNDE) had failed to reach sufficient profit levels despite heavy state investment.
“The future Plc will be charged with managing the public good of electricity via contracts with public service concession contracts concluded between the State and public and private operators,” the statement read.
The water sector would be restructured along similar lines it said.
The government said it expected the reforms to spur investment into the sectors.
“The dissolution ... of the SNE and SNDE will have no consequences on the social plan as the assets, personnel as well as the rights and obligations of the old structures will be transferred automatically to the future companies,” it said.
Congo is currently in talks with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to try to secure a bailout package to help bolster its struggling economy. Negotiations have dragged on for months, even as its regional neighbours secured deals.
Following the last round of talks in December, the IMF commended Congo on its draft 2018 budget and progress in formulating macroeconomic and structural policies.
But it urged the government to hire the legal and financial advisers needed to help it restructure its debts, mainly to commodity trading houses.
Prime Minister Clément Mouamba will establish a technical committee to oversee the reforms in the power and water sectors.
The three new public limited companies will include two that manage the power and water sectors respectively and a third that will oversee electricity transmission.
The plan must now be submitted to parliament for approval. (Writing by Joe Bavier; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Dubai: The Indian Consulate in Dubai on Monday said it was in constant touch with UAE authorities to expedite the investigation into the death of three workers who died after inhaling toxic gases while cleaning an oil tank in Sharjah on Saturday.
An online poll asked â€œIf a woman hits you, would you hit her back?â€. At one stage a 80% of voters said â€œyesâ€, they would hit a woman who hit them.
An online poll asked â€œIf a woman hits you, would you hit her back?â€. At one stage a 80% of voters said â€œyesâ€, they would hit a woman who hit them. NBedov/Istock
A Facebook poll asked social media users whether or not it was okay to hit a woman if she hit you first. Journalist SHERELE MOODY says the poll missed a vital point.
"IF a woman hits you, would you hit her back?"
An online poll asking this question appeared on an Australian men's rights Facebook page about two weeks ago.
By the time the poll was deleted, almost 80,000 people had responded.
At one stage 80% of voters said "yes", they would hit a woman who hit them.
This dropped to 49% as anti-violence activists urged Aussie females to cast a "no" vote.
As with any social media post, the public commentary flowed thick and fast, with the majority of the men saying hitting a woman "in self-defence" was justified.
A lot of commentators also declared that if women wanted equality they should expect "equal rights and equal lefts".
"So what you are saying is you don't want equal rights. You want more rights. As for me my mother raised me if a bitch hits you with her fist knock that bitch out," one bloke opined.
And another vented: "If a woman attacks me I will hit her back no questions asked. Keep your damn hands to yourself and you ain't going to have a problem ... can't follow that a left hook will remind you good and proper."
And there was this comment about "chivalry": "If a woman puts her hands on a man then he has every right to hit back. Remember chivalry & equality cannot co-exist. Woman wanted equality so here it is."
A minority of commentators said violence should not be an option.
"Why would a woman ever hit? Violence is not the answer. More than enough legal ways for a woman to leave the guy. If she chooses to hit. She chooses violence," one bloke wrote.
A woman responded with: "I hope none of these 'men' have sisters, wives, mothers, daughters, nieces, female friends.... SICK!!".
HOW THIS GROUP TROLLS WOMEN
I'VE chosen not to name the organisation involved because the last thing it deserves is promotion. I'll refer to it as the "MRA group".
The group loves the limelight, often stating "any publicity is good publicity" when its activities are discussed in the media - which is surprisingly often.
Its website says it aims to: "To expose the double standards, hypocrisy and misandry of feminism;to destroy feminism in Australia; and to give men a voice without being silenced by feminists."
It regularly urges its followers to protest against female-focused businesses as well as not-for-profits and charities supporting female survivors of family violence.
In June last year, the organisation hit the headlines when it urged its members to troll the Facebook page of Brisbane company Tradettes after owner Helen Yost posted she was seeking to add another female plumber to her staff.
Yost's page copped thousands of anti-women comments and one-star reviews and she was inundated with negative emails, phone calls and text messages.
"They're saying that we're trying to run the industry down and that we're not doing a good job as female plumbers," Ms Yost told network 10's The Project.
"They've also been sending emails, they've been sending messages through the Facebook page and they've been prank calling us all day today."
The owners of the offending Facebook page refused to speak to media about this, but in the hours after the Tradettes trolling was exposed, the MRA group proclaimed "any publicity is good publicity" on its socials.
"All we did was state they were sexist for implying that male plumbers don't clean up after themselves or have an attention to detail," the post said.
"Naturally The Project (TV program) took this as an opportunity to push their anti-male agenda by making this sexist company look like the victims."
The day after the Tradettes trolling started, the same organisation urged its members to turn their focus to the Avid Reader Bookshop and Cafe, also in Brisbane.
Why? Because it had announced it would be stocking Clementine Ford's new book Boys Will Be Boys.
"Avid Reader Bookshop and Cafe in Brisbane are promoting Clementine Ford's man hating book," the MRA group posted on its Facebook page.
"Be sure to leave them a one-star review for promoting the hatred of men."
And the trolls attacked, leaving the ubiquitous one-star ratings and negative reviews.
"DISGUSTING MAN HATING BOOK STORE THAT PROMOTES MISANDRISM [sic]!," one person posted on the Avid Facebook page.
Another followed this up with: "Since you promote misandrist Clementine Ford who hates men, I will never visit this bookshop/cafe ever again."
Hundreds of missives along these lines rolled in until word of the attacked leaked out and social media users across the country took the situation into their own hands.
The trolling backfired, as Facebookers delivered 5000 new likes to Avid's page, while leaving 2000 glowing and supportive five-star reviews.
It's vital to note that Facebook page owners cannot remove offensive reviews, a flaw trolling experts take advantage of.
The only way to nip this in the bud is to turn the review portion of your page off, something most owners are loathe to do as positive reviews can lead to better profit.
A screenshot of the Facebook poll asking if it's OK to hit women. Facebook
MISSING THE REAL ISSUES IMPACTING MEN
THE organisation behind this trolling has a web page stacked to the gills with articles opposing feminism.
It also has a Twitter account and two Facebook sites.
For the seventh time, Facebook removed the group's open page - which had about 8000 followers - for inciting violence against women. Within days of the page being removed its owners had started a new one.
Its other site - a closed Facebook group - has more than 11,000 followers. A quick glance at its members list shows the vast majority are male.
In social media terms its follower figures are small, but this organisation could still use its influence to make a difference in the lives of the thousands of men who are attracted to its ethos.
In Australia, guys have rough ride. There is no doubt about this. If you are male, chances are you will die at a younger age than the women in your life.
Men are more likely to suicide than females, they also have poorer health outcomes, they are more likely to be killed in road crashes or to be murdered, they have higher rates of alcohol, drug and gambling addictions and there are more males in our jails than females.
Our society has major expectations for our blokes. We want them to be tough and manly and if they show emotion they are called derogatory "feminine" names like "princess" and "pussy".
Many people still expect men to fit certain stereotypes, including what it means to be a father. Even in 2018, blokes are encouraged to work hard and long hours to care for their families and the cost to them is spending precious time with their children and partners.
Yet MRA group - and others like it - refuse to focus on the issues that need to change to improve the lives of the country's males. Instead, they use their power to cause division between the genders, almost always focussing on the one thing that is more likely to kill a woman than accidents or suicide - intimate partner violence.
The owner of this particular MRA group did not respond to a request for comment, but has long proclaimed: "domestic violence is not a gendered issue".
This is despite all the reputable data clearly showing that, yes, it is a gendered issue because women are the primary victims of violence at the hands of a current or former partner and men are the primary perpetrators of this violence.
That said, men do experience intimate partner abuse, but it is more likely to be emotional and when they do die in domestic violence situations, their killers are usually other male family members or female partners who have used self-defence as a last resort.
Last year, the NSW Domestic Violence Death Review Team published its report into all DV homicides in that state from 2012 to 2014.
The report was based on police investigations and criminal and coroner's court outcomes and it revealed that 159 women were killed by current or former male partners and family members in the 14 years and none of the murdered men died at the hands of a female family member who had a history of subjecting them to violence.
There are no similar reports for Queensland or other Australian jurisdictions because their respective governments have only recently appointed domestic violence death review panels or they are yet to go down this path.
BUT IS IT RIGHT TO HIT A WOMAN IN SELF DEFENCE?
ASKING social media users to vote on whether or not men should hit women is just plain wrong, but it is a question that makes you stop for a minute and think.
As someone who spent their childhood and teenage years surrounded by violence, I can attest to the urge to retaliate.
When I was eight or nine years old, a much older girl bashed me as I left the school yard. The following afternoon she decided to give me another going over. This time though, as she raised her fist towards my head, I ducked and punched her in the stomach with all my strength. Even today - almost 40 years later - I can feel my fist sinking into her tummy and I can still see the shock on her face.
This is the only time I have ever hit a person and I can tell you I instantly regretted it.
Why? Because she hit back, flogging the proverbial out of me.
The lesson learned? Violence begets violence.
Female abuse survivors often talk to me about the times they've struck their attackers in self-defence. Invariably, they suffer even more violence because they retaliated.
All Australian states and territories have laws regarding protecting your property and yourself. In a nutshell - you can defend yourself or another person or your property if you believe you will be harmed. You can read more about this at www.findlaw.com.au/articles/5022/self-defence-law-in-australia.aspx.
When we are talking about self-defence, we need to be really careful about what we are defending ourselves against.
Yes. It is right to protect yourself, but you must only do this if you believe that your safety - or that of someone else - is genuinely at risk. That is - you are going to be severely injured or killed.
Restraining physically a person who comes at you, or someone else, with a weapon is very different to punching someone's lights out because they slapped you.
HOW TO RESPOND TO VIOLENCE
AT the end of the day, any organisation that opposes violence should be encouraging people to make responsible decisions when they are in this situation.
They should be saying that the only thing to do if you are not at risk of harm, is to walk away - regardless of the gender of those involved - and to offer balanced advice and support.
If you're a bloke and a woman hits you here are some options:
Walk away and do not retaliate.
If it is safe, speak to her about what has happened, tell them it is not acceptable and urge them to get help.
Contact police to report the violence and seek medical attention so your injuries - scratches, bruises and others - can be documented.
Speak to police, your lawyer or your local community legal centre about your options regarding domestic violence orders.
Phone Mensline on 1800 600 636, 1800Respect or your local domestic violence service to seek the support of trained professional. They will be able to link you with crisis accommodation, therapy, material aid and legal support.
If you are in a domestic violence situation and you cannot leave immediately because of children and/or pets, ask a DV service or your local police DV liaison officers to help you formulate a safety plan to get you and your loved ones to safety.
Tell your friends, family, employers and colleagues so they too can help you in whatever way is needed.
Australia has a long way to go before we see the end of violence. We know that 17 people have been murdered in Australia in 2018 - that's a little over four people a week.
Men are the victims - and the suspects - in 15 of these deaths.
Instead of giving men opinion polls to answer, we need to encourage blokes to walk away from volatile situations.
We need to make sure they know that the safest way to retaliate - and to stay alive - is to use your head and the criminal justice system. That's why we have one. - NewsRegional
News Corp journalist Sherele Moody is the recipient of 2017 Clarion and Walkley Our Watch journalism excellence awards for her coverage of domestic violence issues. Sherele is also the founder of The RED HEART Campaign and a member of the Femicide Australia Project.
*For 24-hour support domestic violence support phone 1800RESPECT (1800 737 732) or Mensline on 1800 600 636.
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): The 70th Independence Day of Pakistan
was celebrated in Ankara in an impressive ceremony at Pakistan
Embassy in Ankara on Monday.
Charge d'Affaires of Pakistan to Turkey, Syed Ali Asad Gilani,
raised the Pakistan flag on the tune of the National Anthem in
the presence of members of Pakistani community, Pakistani students and Embassy officials and their families, said a press release recieved here.
The special messages of the President and Prime Minister of Pakistan
were read out on the occasion.
In his remarks on the occasion, Syed Ali Asad Gilani paid
tributes to the leadership of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah and
the sacrifices of the nation's forefathers, which resulted in the creation of Pakistan 70 years ago.
He said “Pakistan's national interests should be above our personal
interests. We will not hesitate to make any sacrifice for our motherland.”
“Participation of Turkish Air Force's “Solo Turk” in
independence day celebrations of Pakistan through its unique
performance in air show has won the hearts of the entire Pakistani
nation,” said Charge d'Affaires Ali Asad Gilani.
Solo Turk team pilots, Captain Erhan Gunar and Captain Serdar
Dogan are participating in the largest ever air show in the country's
history, being held at Islamabad and Karachi today.
Ali Asad Gilani informed the participants that Pakistan and
Turkey would soon issue a joint postage stamp as part of the
celebrations of the 70th Anniversary of Pakistan's Independence as
well as the 70th Year of Pakistan-Turkey Diplomatic relations.
Afterwards, flanked by Pakistani children, Charge d'Affaires
Ali Asad Gilani cut the Independence Day cake.
PanARMENIAN.Net - One of the most prominent businessmen and billionaires of the United States, Jon M. Huntsman, who was also known for his philanthropic activity focusing on areas of cancer research, programs at various universities, and aid to Armenia, died on Friday, February 2 aged 80.
The founder of Huntsman Corporation passed away peacefully, surrounded by family.
“He leaves an unparalleled legacy of good, from which generations will benefit,” his family said in a statement.
Huntsman served in 37th U.S. President Richard Nixon's administration.
Later, the businessman opened the Cancer Institute in Salt Lake City, Utah, which is engaged in the research of cancer and the search for medicines. Both his parents died of cancer, and he battled four forms of it himself.
Huntsman has greatly contributed to efforts to rebuild Armenia following the devastating earthquake of 1988. He and other family members have made 46 trips to Armenia over 25 years. During one such trip, Huntsman said: “I always have a feeling that God's blessing rests with the Armenian people. I am glad and proud to be here in this great country.”
Huntsman Sr.'s stepped in to help, and his assistance continued in Armenia over the years. “From the ruins of devastation, they began to rebuild. It captured my heart … to where I said, ‘I have to help these people. I have to be part of it,'” Huntsman said in 2013.
Donations made by the Utah billionaire were used to build schools and hospitals,, apartment complexes, and a K-12 school in the city of Gyumri which .
His family also provides scholarships to bring Armenian students to the United States to study at Utah State University.
In 2018, Armenia is commemorating the 30th anniversary of the earthquake, which leveled the cities of Spitak and Gyumri, as well as about 60 villages, leaving at least 25,000 people dead, 100,000 wounded and 500,000 homeless.
Huntsman is survived by his wife Karen and by 8 children, including their son Jon Huntsman Jr., a former governor of Utah and current U.S. Ambassador to Russia. Son Peter Huntsman is CEO of Huntsman Corp.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from St. Mary Now. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Celebration Community Church's invites all families with kids up to fifth grade to the annual Kid-Fest, Saturday, Aug. 19 from 9 a.m. until 1 p.m. in the parking lot of Hays Academy of Hair Design, 1214 E. 27th.
Kid-Fest is a fun packed day of carnival games, inflatable amusements, prizes, pop, popcorn, cotton candy, and give-aways. And it's all for free.
Celebration Community Church continues to partner with Hays Academy of Hair Design to offer free haircuts for kids entering kindergarten up to fifth grade. Appointments are suggested by calling (785) 625-5483, and walk-ins are also welcome.
Kid-Fest is an annual outreach of Celebration Community Church's “Celebration Kids” Ministry, which meets on Saturday nights at 5 p.m. and Sunday mornings at 10 a.m.
Celebration Kids features large group music and multimedia worship along with small group Bible teaching.
For more information call 625-5483 or visit C3 at www.celebratejesus.org.
— Submitted
Rory McIlroy admits he will have "no excuses" for not performing well in this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open.
McIlroy won the title in 2016 but has missed the cut in four of the last five years, during which time he has had to juggle his duties as tournament host of the £5.3million event.
"I've cut back from a few things off the golf course," McIlroy said in his pre-tournament press conference at Ballyliffin. "It's not that we're not doing them, I'm just maybe not as involved in some of the stuff.
"There's been a couple of times where I just haven't felt as prepared as I could have been walking on to the first tee on Thursday. So I got here Monday morning, practised Monday afternoon and all day yesterday.
"I've done my work. So there's no excuse about not being prepared or not, and I've learned that as I went along. I felt I was underprepared at County Down [in 2015]. I felt OK at The K Club I guess. I've learnt as I went along and I feel this year I'm right where I need to be."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Alankit Ltd:
* TO CONSIDER APPOINTMENT OF SANTOSHI LAL GUPTA AS CFO Source text - bit.ly/2FDuOQo Further company coverage:
May 29, 1991 — May 26, 2018
Chase, a resident of Wexford, Pennsylvania, passed away Saturday morning May 26, 2018 at UPMC Shadyside Hospital after courageously fighting a rare lymphoma for the past 10 months.
Chase graduated from North Allegheny High School in 2009 and attended the University of Pittsburgh, where he graduated in 2013. He was an accomplished cross-country runner in high school and college. After graduation, he taught English in South Korea and Japan until May of 2017, traveling the world in his free time. Chase knew that success in running always depended upon his performance in the last kilometer. The last kilometer of his life was truly an inspiration to all of us and touched hundreds of people around the globe in a meaningful way.
Survivors include his mother, Catherine A. Broussard and stepfather, Terry Bigley; his father, Bruce E. Broussard; and his brother, Grant E. Broussard.
A reception of family and friends was held Tuesday from 6:00 – 8:00 p.m. at the George A. Thoma Funeral Home Inc. 10418 Perry Highway Wexford, PA 15090 to celebrate the life of Chase Alexander Broussard. We would appreciate if you would add tributary comments at www.post-gazette.com/gb. In lieu of flowers we request that you donate to the UPMC (and designated for oncology nursing). Checks should be mailed to: UPMC Hillman Cancer Center, Development Dept. Suite 1B; 5150 Center Avenue; Pittsburgh, PA 15232.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Daniel Kaku
Hajia Saudatu Saeed, Acting National Women's Organizer of the ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP)
The Acting National Women's Organizer of the ruling New Patriotic Party (NPP), Hajia Saudatu Saeed has urged the newly elected Regional Executives to work hard to fulfill their promises as they assume office.
According to her, the mandate offered the new Regional Executives by delegates of the party demonstrates the confidence being placed on their leadership and therefore ensure they do not fail to accomplish their goals. Speaking in an interview with Ghanaweb after the elections, Hajia Saudatu Saeed said, "You have to prove your mettle by working to improve the performance of the party in 2020.
In addition, you must galvanize the energies of all members and work with a united front to achieve an enviable result for the party in the next general elections.”
She urged the executives to devote themselves in sustaining the interest of the party.
"We have to collectively work to win more seats and improve upon our performance as a party and regional executives in particular would have to play very instrumental roles for the party to succeed in that direction" The Acting National Women Organizer applauded the party members for maintain peace and order before, during and after the elections.
"The cooperation of all and sundry made this possible, therefore we would like to wish all NPP members well particularly delegates who sacrificed their precious time and energy to observe the democratic process", she explained. She added, "The committee would like to extend our gratitude to all contestants for playing various vital roles that ensured peaceful conduct of the Elections". She used the medium to congratulate all gallant foot soldiers organizing assiduously at the grassroots level to keep the party strong and alive.
"For the contestants who went into the elections, we want to commend you for boldly stepping forward to register your interest to serve the party" she added
Feb 2 (Reuters) - MLP SAGLIK HIZMETLERI AS (IPO-MPARK.IS): BOOKRUNNER:
* REVISED PRICE GUIDANCE TRY 19.00 – TRY 20.00 PER SHARE / EXTENSION OF BOOKBUILD ‍​
* BOOKS ARE COVERED ON THE FULL INTERNATIONAL DEAL SIZE INCLUDING GREENSHOE ‍​
* BOOKS CLOSE ON 6 FEBRUARY 2018‍​ Further company coverage:
Jennifer Garner celebrated her chickens' birthday on Tuesday (07.03.18) by giving them a bug cake.
The 'Miracles from Heaven' star is a proud "chicken lady" and marked the day her clutch of birds was born with a sweet Instagram post of the proud poultry parent posing with her pets.
The photo was accompanied by the caption: "It's hard to believe a year has flown by since these ladies hatched. They grow up so quickly. #happyhatchday #bugcakeforyou #soyouthinkyoucanfarm [sic]"
Jennifer and her three kids Violet, 12, Seraphina, nine, and five-year-old Samuel - her children with her ex-husband husband Ben Affleck - are very at one with nature at their Los Angeles home.
As well as keeping chickens they also have a bee hive, grow organic fruit and vegetables and own a golden retriever dog named Birdie, the actress sometimes reads bedtime stories to.
Earlier this year, Jennifer mourned the loss of her favorite chicken, Regina George, who passed away from "natural causes" in March.
The 46-year-old Hollywood star named the bird after the 'Mean Girls' character of the same name, played by Rachel McAdams, and she loved to take her feathered friend on walks.
Announcing that Regina had gone to the big bird house in the sky on her Instagram account, Jennifer posted a video tribute to the chicken and wrote: "Please enjoy this tribute to Chicken Regina George who passed away from natural causes. #shewasourfavorite #RIP #shelivedagoodlife [sic]"
The post also featured a picture of the unfortunate chicken's grave, with a plaque which read "R.I.P. Regina George. July 9 2017 - March 20, 2018."
MANCHESTER, England — Alexis Sanchez's first goal for Manchester United wrapped up a 2-0 victory against Huddersfield on a day when the clubs came together to mark the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster.
Tuesday is the 60th anniversary of the tragedy which claimed 23 lives, including eight players, as Matt Busby's side returned from a European Cup match at Red Star Belgrade.
Silence fell upon Old Trafford as those lost were remembered ahead of an English Premier League match that United won, with goals from Romelu Lukaku and Sanchez sealing the victory on his home debut.
Huddersfield struggled to create clear-cut chances in their first league trip to Old Trafford since March 1972 but dug deep in the first half to frustrate the hosts, who claimed a penalty when Terence Kongolo poleaxed Scott McTominay.
KARACHI, Aug 14 (APP): After a three-day of thrilling competition, the
inaugural Parvez Abbasi Open Shooting Championship came to a climatic conclusion on Sunday here at Pakistan Navy Shooting (PNS) Range, Karsaz.
Both marksmen and women from across the country jostled for the top
honours in 44 events. Pakistan Navy emerged the dominant force securing 34 gold medals. Sindh placed second with 5 golds and PAF third with 4 medals.
On the final day of the Championship, 16 medals were up for
grabs in Air Rifle (Women Junior), Air Rifle (Women Youth), Air Rifle (Men ), Air Rifle (Women), Big Bore Pistol, Big Bore Pistol Men Professional
(Rapid), 22 Rifle Telescopic Sight and Trap Olympic.
A colourful medal ceremony was organised after the competition in which
Askara Abbasi, wife of the late Parvez Abbasi, was the Chief Guest.
Speaking on the occasion, Commodore Ghazanfar Abbas, Event Director,
Parvez Abbasi Open Shooting Championship, praised the athletes for their participation.
“The inaugural Parvez Abbasi Open Shooting Championship was a big
success. It was a mega event with teams participating from all across the country. We are already looking forward to the 2nd edition of the Championship. We will build on this success and everybody will see an even bigger event” he said.
“I would like to take the opportunity to thank Mrs Parvez Abbasi and
the family of the late Parvez Abbasi without whose support this event would not have been possible”, remaked Commodore Abbas.
Parvez Abbasi Open Shooting Championship is an annual event that has
been launched to celebrate the life and achievements of Parvez Abbasi, the Founding Secretary of the National Rifle Association and one of the key drivers of the sport of shooting in Pakistan.
As an Open Shooting Championship members of the public, as well as teams
representing the Pakistan Navy, Pakistan Air Force, Sindh, Punjab, Baluchistan, Sindh Police, SSU Sindh Police, ASF, Rangers, KGSSR were participated in the competition.
Final Medals Tally
Day 3 (13-08-2017)
TEAM GOLD SILVER BRONZE
NAVY 34 36 19
PAF 4 3 2
RANGER 0 0 0
SINDH 5 3 16
BALUCHISTAN 0 0 0
KGSSR 0 1 6
ASF 0 0 0
SSU 1 1 1
SINDH POLICE 0 0 0
FINAL TOTAL 44 44 44
– Air Rifle Women (Junior)
Individual
Fakhar un Nisa – Navy-A (Gold) 203.3/200
Aqsa Ghufran — Navy-A (Silver) 197.2/200
Hadiqa Ghori — Navy-B (Bronze) 189.2/200
– Air Rifle Women (Junior)
Team
Navy-A (Gold) 682.2/600
Navy-B (Silver) 554.1/600
Sindh (Bronze) 510.5/600
– Air Rifle Women (Youth)
Individual
Fatima Aftab – Navy-A (Gold) 201.7/200
Ayesha — Navy-A (Silver) 198.4/200
Saba Mehmood — Navy-A (Bronze) 197.4/200
– Air Rifle Women (Youth)
Team
Navy-A (Gold) 597.5/600
Navy-B (Silver) 538.3/600
Sindh (Bronze) 454.9/600
– Air Rifle Men
Individual
Zeeshan Shakir – Navy-A (Gold) 613.5/600
Ghufran Adil – Navy-A (Silver) 611.6/600
Ayan Aamir – Navy-A (Bronze) 600.8/600
– Air Rifle Men
Team
Navy-A (Gold) 1825.97/1800
PAF (Silver) 1781.4/1800
Navy-B (Bronze) 1763.7/1800
– Air Rifle Women
Individual
Mehak Fatima – Navy-A (Gold) 406.5/400
Nadia Rashid — Navy-A (Silver) 403.4/400
Nadra Raees – Navy-A (Bronze) 398.7/400
– Air Rifle Women
Team
Navy-A (Gold) 1208.6/1200
Navy-B (Silver) 1126.4/1200
Sindh (Bronze) 1124.3/1200
– Big Bore Pistol (Men/Women)
Individual
Zahid Bakhtool – Navy (Gold) 185/200
A. Shakoor– SSU (Silver) 177/200
Amir Bangush– KGSSR (Bronze) 177/200
– Big Bore Pistol
Team
SSU (Gold) 511/600
Navy (Silver) 508/600
PAF (Bronze) 493/600
– Big Bore Pistol Men Professional (Rapid)
Individual
Hassan – PAF (Gold) 175/200
Zafar – Navy (Silver) 174/200
Hamza — KGSSR (Bronze) 173/200
– Big Bore Pistol Men Professional (Rapid)Team
Navy-A (Gold) 480/600
Navy-B (Silver) 472/600
SSU (Bronze) 466/600
-.22 Rifle Telescopic Sight Individual
Dawood Jan – Navy-A (Gold) 178/200
Ayan Aamir– Navy-A (Silver) 172/200
Hamza Khan– KGSSR-A (Bronze) 172/300
– .22 Rifle Telescopic Sight Team
Navy – A (Gold) 519/600
Navy-B (Silver) 491/600
KGSSR (Bronze) 488/600
– Trap Olympic
Individual
Bilal Yaqoob– Sindh-A (Gold) 86/100
Usman Sadiq– Sindh-A (Silver) 80/100
Shakeel Ilyas – (individual) (Bronze) 74/100
– Trap Olympic
Team
Sindh-A (Gold) 240/300
Navy-A (Silver) 210/300
Navy-B (Bronze) 192/300
I'm Taking Action On Arizona Cop Killing from The Burning Platform
Since I watched the video of the Arizona cop shooting the man in the motel hallway, I've thought of little else. It's obvious (to me) that the man was murdered. Further, it's also obvious to me that police today, are little more than psychopathic thugs who get off on abusing their power. OK, maybe that's an oversimplification. But not entirely far from the truth. Mark Passio's work at www.whatonearthishappening.com has greatly influenced my thoughts on this. Give his podcasts a listen, if you haven't already.
I think the question many of us have is, “What can I do about it?” (And, “it” meaning any current situation where we, the little people, feel helpless) In this case, the man was killed over a year ago, in Mesa, AZ. But, there IS something I can do, and I've been formulating a plan. I'm asking for TBP to chime in and help me out.
Yesterday, I posted a group of links with contact information for relevant groups in Arizona, from the local Mesa, AZ police station, all the way up to a petition at the White House to investigate the incident. My plan, such as it is, is to begin calling those folks in the seats of power and begin to ask them some tough questions about the incident.
Here's where you come in. I'm not an investigative journalist. I'm a construction superintendent that's between gigs right now. I have some thoughts as to the kids of questions I might ask, but not entirely sure how to perform an interview over the phone.
At first I was so damn angry, I thought I might call and ask things like, “How does if you feel to support and protect a murderous thug?” That might feel good, temporarily, but won't buy me much phone time. I'm looking for some suggestions for some tough, but fair questions. So far, I'm thinking about things like:
What did the young man have engraved on the side of his gun? Is that approved policy? Why was that dismissed in the court?
It's my understanding that the young man's father is in charge at the department of investigative affairs. Is that true?
Does he still work for the police depart? What was his rating on dismissal?
Did he have previous military experience?
It seems to me that the orders he gave Daniel Shaver were very complicated. Is that standard procedure for the department?
How many officers were on the call at that time? Was Mr. Brailsford the officer calling out the orders to Mr. Shaver? What is the current status of the other officers?
Things like that. I'm looking into voice recording apps that I can record the conversations, like vocaroo. I don't have a platform, outside of this, The Burning Platform, to post any of my findings. I've even toyed with creating a legitimate movement, White Lives Matter. If a movement like gains any traction whatsoever, it'll torque off the media so much, they'd be forced to cover it. [I just checked Facebook. There are a couple of (very) small WLM groups]
I'd like your feedback on questions I can ask, and how I should structure them. I'm asking that you leave out words and phrases like “murder” “thug” “murderous thug” “psychopath” and the like, for reasons I mentioned above. I really want to try and gain some legitimate ground with this, and perhaps bring attention to this matter. Thanks for all your suggestions.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Here are some tips to avoid drama at your work holiday party.
Your holiday party at work is a good chance to loosen up a little. But it's a fine line, especially when you add alcohol to the mix. So here are seven tips to help you out…
1. Don't skip the party unless you absolutely have to. Stick around for at least 30 minutes before you take off.
2. Don't go on an empty stomach. Make sure there's some food in there to soak up the alcohol so you don't get too drunk. The appetizers they serve might not be enough.
3. Don't avoid work topics, but don't focus on work either. It's the one thing everyone has in common, so it usually comes up in conversation. Just don't focus on work or go in with an agenda, like asking your boss about that raise you're expecting.
4. Be sensitive to other religions. Your work party isn't a good time to take a hard stance on things like saying “Merry Christmas” instead of “Happy Holidays.”
5. Don't dance romantically with a co-worker unless your boss already knows you're together. A lot of people think their holiday party is a great place to finally make a move on someone. It's NOT.
6. Don't be the last one to leave. Especially if you drink a lot. Even if you're not the drunkest, you'll LOOK like the biggest partier if you're the last one there.
7. Never go to a third venue. If you're sober and people are hitting a bar afterward, go for it. But a SECOND bar is risky. By that point, you're definitely drunk. And it might not be the official party anymore, but you're still with co-workers.
Click Here to see more.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:00 pm |
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer)
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has signed into law new penalties for those who make bomb threats against community centers.
The Democratic governor approved the legislation Monday. It was passed by the state Legislature earlier this year in response to a string of bomb threats called into Jewish Community Centers across the country.
Citing those bomb threats and recent violence by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, Cuomo says it's vital “now, more than ever” for New York to stand against “bias and hate.”
The new law ensures that someone convicted of making a bomb threat against a community center can, at minimum, face a sentence of up to a year in jail.
Cuomo says the change will help prosecute those seeking to “spread fear and terror.”
ULAANBAATAR (Reuters) - A statue of the Beatles in the Mongolian capital of Ulaanbaatar could be at risk amid an alleged land grab, protesters say, as rapid development turns a city once famed for wide open spaces into a cluttered metropolis.
Residents are protesting against plans to build commercial properties in an area known as Beatles Square, where a bronze bas-relief monument to the "Fab Four" commemorates the former Soviet satellite's transition to democracy in 1990.
"For a long time there were stories about construction on the land, but nobody wanted to believe it," said Tsoggerel Uyanga, a community organiser and senior partner at research group MAD Investment Solutions.
The monument, erected in 2008 with donations from politicians, businessmen and artists, marks the site where Mongolians gathered to talk about banned Western pop music and soon became a quirky tourist attraction.
The music of the Beatles, Abba, and other Western pop groups helped launch the "Rock and Roll Communist Revolution" that inspired a generation to fight for Mongolian democracy thirty years ago.
The protests began after an August 2 announcement that construction work would start, with residents calling the project a "land grab" and expressing fears the Beatles statue could be moved or even demolished.
Authorities have defended the development as part of a "car-free street" project to build an underground shopping complex complete with street gardens.
A statue of the Beatles is seen in front of a shopping centre in Mongolia's capital, Ulaanbaatar, August 9, 2017. Terrence Edwards
A lawyer for Mongolia's National Construction Association said there were no plans to remove the Beatles statue, however.
"By implementing the project, there are a great deal of advantages, such as increasing jobs and reducing traffic congestion," said D. Uuganbayar, the lawyer.
The national association, the city government and a private contractor called "Buti" are leading the project.
Congestion and pollution have grown in the capital as its population has doubled over the last two decades, with thousands of impoverished herders flocking to settle in makeshift residential areas.
The strain on Ulaanbaatar's infrastructure has forced the city to rethink its planning of urban spaces, and drawn criticism for the sale of public land to wealthy buyers.
Investors have failed in the past to deliver on promises to protect public spaces affected by development, Uyanga said, pointing to the Bogd Khan conservation area where the World Bank had raised concerns about overdevelopment.
"It became a black market for land authorities during the early democratic years," said Uyanga.
* Manchester City beat Brighton 2-0 away
* Sergio Aguero scored in the 70th minute
* Lewis Dunk headed into his own net
* City's Gabriel Jesus had two goals disallowed
* Brighton travel to Leicester next, City host Everton BRIGHTON 0 MANCHESTER CITY 2 Aug 12 (Reuters) - A clinical Sergio Aguero strike and an own goal by Lewis Dunk condemned Brighton to a losing return to England's top flight as they lost 2-0 to Manchester City in the Premier League at the Falmer Stadium on Saturday.
Back in England's top division for the first time in 34 years, the Seagulls spent most of the game on the back foot, content to concede possession and setting up a compact defensive unit deep in their own half.
City's Gabriel Jesus had two goals ruled out - for handball and offside - and Pep Guardiola's team struggled to break Brighton down until Aguero fired home a pass from David Silva to open the scoring in the 70th minute.
Five minutes later, Brighton defender Dunk slammed a header into his own net as he tried to clear a cross under pressure from Gabriel Jesus, with the home side lacking the firepower to mount a comeback. (Reporting by Philip O'Connor; editing by Ken Ferris)
Brady: 'Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?' (0:46)
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- At one point on opening night of Super Bowl LII, Tom Brady had to stop himself from laughing.
“Hey, Tom!” someone from the overflowing crowd around Brady's podium called out. “If things don't work out, would you consider the XFL?”
Brady, who was full of smiles throughout the night, took the bait.
“If what doesn't work out? I think things have worked out pretty well,” he responded.
“That's your opinion!” the questioner shot back.
Brady, who has won five Super Bowl championships, loved it. He laughed. And then laughed a little more while smiling wide.
“You're right!” he exclaimed.
The exchange, one of many over the past four days in which Brady spent nearly three hours in front of reporters, highlighted one of the obvious themes of the week: The 40-year-old quarterback, on the cusp of becoming the oldest non-kicker to play in the Super Bowl, has been having a blast.
He's savoring every moment, too.
“It's fun. I mean, look at this, how could you not have fun doing things like this?” he said at one point. “To be at Super Bowl media day and to have send-off rallies, these are dreams come true. I think everyone should enjoy this. This is a very unique experience and a unique week.”
In saying that, Brady also served up a reminder that no Patriot should forget their purpose: to win a football game. But Brady's experience of having gone through the frenzy of Super Bowl week -- this is his eighth time -- clearly has him in a good place.
“I could never imagine being in this position eight times. To be in it one time is a dream come true, and to be here eight times is unbelievable,” he said. “I think I just appreciate it as I've gotten older.
“Early on, it went so fast. I think I really relish these experiences and opportunities and make the best of them. We lost a couple of them -- in ‘07 and 2011 -- and we were lucky to get back and win a couple of times, but this is the one that matters the most.”
As game time approaches, things will obviously become more serious for Brady, and it was naturally all business for him on the practice field. But in the extracurricular activities around Super Bowl LII, Brady was as loose as ever -- which included trying on a cowboy hat and sharing the story of the time he was bitten by a dog as he watched members of the military training at Gillette Stadium.
It can get a little different on Opening Night. pic.twitter.com/p3FG4PZbIb — Mike Reiss (@MikeReiss) January 30, 2018
“Some guys were kind of excited to see us walk out, so I kind of got close to all the guys, and I didn't realize there were dogs. Obviously, those weren't Labrador [Retrievers], these were like tough dogs. I raised my arms up over my head, and right when I raised my arms, the dog jumped up,” Brady said, raising his arms as if to demonstrate how it unfolded.
“I guess it was going for my neck, and the guy grabbed the dog back down, and the dog got my thigh on the way down. I have a nice little scar on my quad thanks to that night.”
While Brady smiled recalling that experience, he was in a deeper, more meaningful place as he reflected on the time he spent catching sunfish while visiting his grandparents and cousins in Browerville, Minnesota, and then having his uncles fillet them and his mother and grandmother fry them.
He said he loved fishing in those days and also was exposed to hunting.
“My grandpa would sit me on his lap and I'd shoot his 22-gauge into the tree with the target, and I thought it was the coolest thing in the world."
Another time over the past few days, Brady high-fived U.S. Olympic figure skater Nancy Kerrigan after she asked what he'd have at his Super Bowl party (seven-layer dip or pizza) and told one person in the crowd that he loves tequila. And in case anyone was wondering, if he was calling the opening coin flip of the game, it's “heads, always.”
Keeping with the lighthearted theme, Brady had provided a four-step plan to make Bill Belichick smile and laugh -- “just say Navy, lacrosse, Lawrence Taylor and Bon Jovi” -- and detailed in a more introspective moment how car rides to and from work with the right music get his mind in the right place.
But more than anything, there was laughter, which began with his mic drop at the fan rally back at Gillette Stadium and included the time he asked, “Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?”
Then he said, “I'm having fun. I'm really enjoying it. I obviously enjoy the experience of playing in this game.”
It showed all week.
LIBERTYVILLE, Ill. – Some wild moments on the field during a children's baseball game in Illinois.
Libertyville Firefighters tweeted a video of a dust devil whipping up, and said, “We had a slight tornado delay at the Libertyville Memorial Day Travel Baseball Tournament.”
The Washington Post reported that Mike Weaver, a lieutenant for the Libertyville Fire Department, is the one who posted the video. He was there on Saturday watching his son play ball when it happened. You hear him on the video saying, “tornado timeout.”
Weaver said the dust devil lasted just a couple of minutes and then was gone.
North Yorkshire Police has today released CCTV pictures of three women they would like to speak to after an altercation in a York nightclub more than a month ago.
It happened around 12.50am on Sunday, October 29, inside Vudu Lounge and Nightclub on Swinegate.
Do you recognise this woman?
The incident involved a group of three women and two other women who suffered cuts and bruises, said the force, but no more details about the events were released.
Both injured women attended York Hospital and left after treatment.
Police are trying to determine the full circumstances surrounding the incident and have released CCTV stills as they believe the women may have important information that could help the investigation.
It is possible that the three women may have been visitors to York for the night or weekend, police said.
Anyone with information that could help to identify them or assist the investigation is asked to contact us on 101, select option two, and ask for Alastair Foy or email alastair.foy@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk
People can also pass information to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12170194718
MACON, Ga. — Ross Cummings scored 22 points with six 3-pointers, both career highs, to lead Mercer to a 73-65 win over Wofford on Saturday.
Cummings, a 6-foot-3 sophomore making his second career start, finished 8 for 10 from the field and missed just two of his eight shots from long range. He has combined for 14 3-pointers in the last three games. Desmond Ringer added 16 points and Demetre Rivers had 10 for Mercer, which snapped a four-game skid.
Mercer (11-13, 4-7 Southern Conference) trailed by double figures midway through the first half but tightened it up with an 11-0 run just before the break. Cummings drained a 3-pointer with 4:11 remaining to put Mercer on top for good, 61-59, and Demetre Rivers hit a 3 to stretch the lead to five. Cameron Jackson cut the deficit to 64-61 on a dunk but Cummings responded with his sixth 3.
Fletcher Magee scored 23 points to lead Wofford (16-8, 7-4).
Mississippi
A 13-year-old girl has died in Mississippi after being shot from behind by her 9-year-old brother because she wouldn't give up a video game controller when he wanted it.
It is not clear how the boy got the .25 calibre handgun he shot her with.
The shot was fired at the back of her head and the bullet went through her brain. The girl was rushed to Le Bonheur Children's Hospital in Memphis but doctors were unable to save her.
The children's mother was feeding other children lunch in another room when the incident happened.
Monroe County Sheriff, Cecil Cantrell, told a local newspaper, “This is new ground for us, we've never dealt with a kid shooting a kid at age nine.
“I assume he's seen this on video games or TV. I don't know if he knew exactly what this would do. “I can't answer that. I do know its a tragedy.”
Groundhog Day Drives Stock Market 666 Points Below Ground: What that says about the frosty season ahead by David Haggith – The Great Recession
I'm pretty sure the nation's favorite groundhog, Punxsutawney Phil, knows more about the weather than he does about markets, and I'm not all that sure he knows anything about the weather! In fact, I don't understand the underground methods of this rodent resident of Gobbler's Knob at all. It would seem to me that sighting his shadow should indicate a nice sunny day, which in turn should indicate spring is just around the corner. How can he scowl and crawl back into his hole on a day filled with sunshine? If you ask me, he's somewhat of a weather permabear.
Thus, I am also not sure what it means that this sage marmot reholed himself today just as the Dow fell an ominous 666 points. Can such a cloudy day mean the spring of a rejuvenated economy is almost here? What I am sure of is that Phil got almost as much international coverage for his forecasting abilities as market analysts got today and way more than I ever garner; so, my top-hat goes off to the little feller. All the major news agencies gave him coverage (CBS, ABC, NBC, The LA Times, The Telegraph, etc.) More people gathered in Phil's throng to learn what this Punxsutawney prognosticator predicts than I'll likely ever see around me:
Hats off to ya, Phil. The moral of the story is that, if you're going to be a permabear of the permafrost, at least be cute, and you'll still be popular with the people.
Now on to the impending global economic collapse
I can no more tell you what the market is going to do on Monday than I can decipher the fathomless methods of Phil. The market, like Phil, has it own ways, and obviously the first person to understand them all will become the world's first trillionaire. However, there is one thing that a day like Friday, after a week like this week, can show you; and that is how quickly — even when the whole world looks like economic sunshine — everything can become overcast.
Just a week ago, everyone was clamoring to catch the tail end of the great tRump Rally. Not only had we had more than a year of nearly uninterrupted upness, but the economic news at the end of the week was big-league terrific. GDP is now being forecast by the Atlanta Fed to grow a mind-spinning 5.4% in the first quarter of this year. That would be the highest leap the economy has taken since the “recovery” began! As Trump would biggly say, “I like my numbers. The numbers are HYUUUGE. Better than anyone's numbers ever.”
Sharing is caring!
LAFAYETTE, Ind. (AP) _ Urban and rural farms in Indiana are working to provide more opportunities for residents to get fresh, nutritious and local produce.
The Lafayette Journal and Courier reports food sharing initiatives, such as urban farms, are growing in places like Fort Wayne, Indianapolis and Lafayette.
Indianapolis's Flanner House partnered with farmer Johnathan Lawler to open an urban farm, which hopes to distribute 40,000 pounds of produce to food deserts this year.
Lafayette charity Red Giant Union will plant 12 tower gardens this season. Seventy percent of its produce will be sold while 30 percent will be given away for free.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture reports almost 15 percent of Indiana households were food insecure between 2013 and 2015, meaning they had limited access to nutritionally adequate food.
FDA has approved the first vertebral body replacement system manufactured from PEEK-Optima HA enhanced polymer. Orthopedic implant manufacturer Omnia Medical VBR (Morgantown, WV) received 510(k) clearance from FDA for the medical device, which it developed in collaboration with Jalex Medical (Westlake, OH), which contributed product development and regulatory assistance, and Invibio Biomaterial Solutions (Thornton Cleveleys, UK), which provided the material.
Vertebral body replacement is a type of surgery used to treat unstable fractures of the lower or middle regions of the spine, explains the Laser Spine Institute on its website. The highly invasive procedure involves replacing the damaged vertebra with one or more implants made of metal, ceramic, acrylic, carbon or, in this particular case, PEEK in order to improve alignment.
SRINGAR: The police arrested three persons in connection with the brutal assault of two Kashmiri youth in Haryana's Mahendragarh. More accused persons have been identified, said a senior police officer.
“Three accused have been arrested, few identified. Will make sure proper investigation is done. Medical help will also be provided to victims,” said Garima Mittal, Mahendragarh District Commissioner on Saturday.
The two Kashmiri students, students of the Central University of Haryana, were allegedly attacked by a mob on Friday evening. The two were on their way back to university campus after offering Friday namaz, when the incident took place.
“Me and my friend had gone to the mosque to offer namaz yesterday. After we came out of the mosque, we noticed some people following us. Just as we were leaving on my motorbike, a group of 15-20 people started to beat us,” said Aftab, one of the victims.
“No one came forward to help us. Soon after police arrived at the spot. We went to the hospital for a checkup and returned to the university campus. We told faculty about the incident and lodged a complaint with University,” added Aftab.
The incident sparked an outrage, with Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti demanding an immediate probe into the incident.
Tagging Prime Minister Narendra Modi, former J&K chief minister Omar Abdullah tweeted, “This is terrible & goes against the spirit of what @PMOIndia @narendramodi ji said from the ramparts of the Red Fort. I hope the authorities in Haryana act quickly against this violence.”
The Haryana Police later registered a case in the incident under certain sections of the Indian Penal Code.
Besides dance, theatre and live art performances, Progress features ancillary activities such as a Long Table on Feb. 9, hosted by U.K. artist and academic Lois Weaver. Weaver pioneered the form, described as “a dinner party structured by etiquette, where conversation is the only course.”
A theme that emerged through this year's curation is “the body as political.” All the works “consider ways in which we define our bodies, take up space with them, as well as how our movements and our interactions reinforce and challenge the status quo,” Nanni says.
The festival uses a structure of collaborative curation, meaning that local artists and organizations invite the work to Toronto and shepherd the companies before and while they're here. “The multiplicity of voices is really important for us in terms of who we are giving space to onstage and who's making decisions about the work as well,” says Nanni.
Created by the SummerWorks Festival in 2015 and now co-presented with the Theatre Centre (where all the festival events take place), Progress “gives space to progressive and transgressive work that isn't often otherwise seen in Toronto,” says SummerWorks' artistic director Laura Nanni.
There's lots of talk in cultural circles these days about non-hierarchical approaches to artistic leadership. Those wondering what that looks like will find an example in Progress, an international festival of performance and ideas running until Feb. 18.
Reece is a artistic director of Little Black Afro Theatre Company, which presents Race Cards, in which U.K. artist and performer Selina Thompson invites audience members to answer questions about race.
The Star asked this year's six Progress curators: Why should the work you brought to Progress be seen by Toronto audiences?
“I think that Selina's piece is necessary for a city that is known internationally as being one of the most culturally diverse places in the world. We interact with race in many ways, all day, every day. However, the installation that Selina has created with 1,000 questions about race will catch audiences off guard. The questions you will encounter will stop you in your tracks and the way you engage with race the rest of your day will change as a result.”
Ross Manson
Manson is founding artistic director of Volcano theatre company, which presents Dis Merci by the Montreal company Joe Jack et John.
“Dis Merci is looking at who we are — as Canadians — when confronted with refugees and a world that is producing refugees at a record pace. Who are these others? Are we equipped to welcome them? To even know what to do with ourselves when someone not like us comes to our home? These are questions that are part of the very fabric of our time and place. The fact that Joe Jack et John can tackle them in such a fresh way - with full-on awkwardness and humour - means that it might help us evolve as people.”
Shannon Cochrane
Cochrane is a Toronto artist and performer and artistic director of FADO Performance Art Centre, which presents LOST in TRANS by English performer Dickie Beau.
“To call what he does ‘lip-syncing' does both Dickie's work and lip-syncing a disservice. His work using found (and sometimes lost) audio re-examines the fundamental questions in art around presence and absence, as well as the critical question of ‘Who speaks?' He uses what he calls audio playback to bring to life voices from the margins, voices from figures we would not normally hear from.”
Brandy Leary and Soraya Peerbaye
Leary is the artistic director and Peerbaye is in charge of program development and curation for Anandam Dancetheatre. It's presenting Contemporaneity 2.0 at Progress, made up of three dance works: Becoming by Asia Clarke and Jade Lee Hoy; MWON'D (uma) by Rhodnie Désir and Gandhari by Gitanjali Kolanad.
“These works are simultaneously personal and political, visceral and spiritual. They bring radically different dance genres, different understandings of beauty, of virtuosity, of the tension and catharsis of dance. The artists we present have something vital to say about the political body: that Canadian dance artists are connected to vital, international conversations about indigeneity, race, identity, belonging and social transformation.”
Kate Nankervis
Nankervis is one of the leaders of the not-for-profit organization Toronto Dance Community Love-In, which presents minor matter, a dance piece by Dominican-born, Berlin-based choreographer Ligia Lewis.
“After seeing minor matter for the first time, I can best describe it as a saturated experience . . . memories of seeing dance moves again but different, of laughter, of exceptional skill, of harsh bodies, of storytelling. Processing feelings of anger, guilt pushing through to hope and love. This work goes on to deconstruct what I know of the theatre and its traditional settings, and situates the Black body in the middle of this space.”
Franco Boni
Boni is a artistic director of the Theatre Centre, which presents MDLSX by the Italian performance company Motus.
“Growing up Italian Canadian, we're constantly fed clichés about Italian culture. When I saw Alexis. A Greek Tragedy, a show by Motus at Under the Radar in New York City about five years ago, I was really excited by the company's political, modern, punk voice: this voice that I hadn't really encountered in Italian culture that I grew up with here. They've never been to Toronto, which has this incredibly huge Italian population. In terms of contemporary indie theatre companies, Motus are at the top of their game in their country.”
See progressfestival.org for performance details and tickets, or call 416-538-0988.
Producer Shonda Rhimes arrives for the Essence Black Women in Hollywood luncheon in Beverly Hills, February 25, 2016.
(Reuters) - "Grey's Anatomy" creator Shonda Rhimes is taking her Shondaland production house away from Walt Disney Co's ABC network to Netflix Inc to produce new content, the video streaming company said on Sunday.
Rhimes's move to Netflix comes a week after Disney, the world's largest entertainment company, announced plans to launch its own streaming service and pull Disney and Pixar films from Netflix, starting with releases in 2019.
Rhimes is signing Shondaland to Netflix in a multi-year contract. Betsy Beers, Rhimes's producing partner at Shondaland, is also moving to Netflix.
Netflix said "Grey's Anatomy," "Scandal" and "How to Get Away with Murder" — ABC shows created under the Shondaland banner — will continue to air in the U.S. on ABC.
Netflix has been spending billions of dollars on content to win new subscribers in a quest to become the world's top movie and TV streaming service.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Thanks to such deep-pocketed streamers as Netflix, Amazon and now Hulu, the campaign to win an Oscar for documentary has evolved into a pricey, cutthroat endeavor. But the fight for a little gold man doesn't end after the Academy Awards — it starts right back up again for the Primetime Emmy race.
While an Oscar and Emmy recognize excellence in film and television, respectively, docs are in a unique position. They can be eligible for both awards because without funding from small-screen distributors such as HBO, Netflix and PBS, the majority of docs in the Oscar race would never exist.
Mounting an Emmy campaign after an Oscar nomination or even win hasn't always been the standard. Oscar winners including “Born Into Brothels” (2005) and “Taxi to the Dark Side” (2008) were submitted for and won the lower-profile, non-televised News & Documentary Emmy award. But in recent years, Academy Award-winning films including “Citizenfour” and this year's Oscar winner, “O.J.: Made in America,” as well as Academy Award contenders “Cartel Land,” “The Square,” “Cutie and the Boxer” and “What Happened, Miss Simone?” have opted to compete for the higher-profile Primetime Emmy.
“It's a larger, flashier platform,” says helmer Liz Garbus, who nabbed the 2016 doc Emmy for “What Happened, Miss Simone?” — which was commissioned by Netflix.
Garbus, who has been nominated for five Emmys and two Academy Awards, says the road to TV's greatest achievement is less arduous than an Oscar campaign. “I did one [Emmy-related] panel last year,” she says. “But Netflix might have been making a push that I'm unaware of.”
While Netflix declined to comment on the Emmy race, it's clear that the streamer takes the kudofest just as seriously as the Oscars. In addition to spending big bucks on screener mailings, the company recently hosted a month-long for-your-consideration immersive exhibition — FYSee — at a multilevel, 24,000-square-foot space in Beverly Hills. There, Emmy voters got a chance to experience installations and listen to panel discussions featuring Netflix's 2017 Emmy contenders.
Netflix's Oscar-nominated “13th,” directed by Ava DuVernay, is competing for a documentary special category nomination alongside Discovery's “Rats,” directed by Academy Award nominee Morgan Spurlock; and National Geographic's “Before the Flood,” directed by Fisher Stevens, who produced Oscar-winner “The Cove.”
“Flood,” about climate change, did not receive an Academy Award, but Stevens is hoping to channel Emmy votes via topical developments. Those include: “Flood's” status as NatGeo's most-watched film of all time with more than 60 million views worldwide; U.S President Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord; and the doc's status as a recipient of the annual Television Academy Honor, which recognizes six programs that have advanced social change.
“When the movie came out, in terms of awards and publicity, it sadly just didn't feel like anyone cared about climate change,” Stevens says. “But now the movie has a whole different color to it. It's more powerful.”
PBS' long-running documentary film program, Independent Lens, is behind the 2016 Oscar-nominated doc about James Baldwin, “I Am Not Your Negro.” In 13 seasons, Independent Lens has garnered 16 doc Emmy kudos.
“We are a small and mighty organization,” says Independent Lens' senior series producer Lois Vossen. “But [we] just don't have the bandwidth to build impactful campaigns leading up to the Primetime Emmy honors.”
In 2015, president of HBO documentary films Sheila Nevins told Variety that as a television network, “we sing and dance for the subscriber. That's our job. I don't think you can coax [an Emmy] voter with an ad or a song or a dance. We don't play that game.”
Not “playing the game” may not bode well for Stevens' “Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds,” which he co-directed with Alexis Bloom for HBO. The doc is vying for an Emmy spot in the exceptional merit in documentary filmmaking category along with NatGeo's “LA 92” from Academy Award winning duo TJ Martin and Dan Lindsey as well as “O.J.: Made in America.”
As luck would have it, Raoul Peck's “I Am Not Your Negro” will not pose as a threat. That's because unlike “O.J.” and “13th” “I Am Not Your Negro” is still enjoying a theatrical life long after Oscar. The doc has yet to air on Independent Lens. To date it's the biggest documentary hit of last year's Academy Award doc season, grossing more than $7 million domestically. It's genre feat that while overlooked by the film Academy, Emmy voters might appreciate.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - JM Financial Ltd:
* SAYS APPROVED ISSUE PRICE OF 162 RUPEES PER SHARE FOR QIP Source text - bit.ly/2ntZ09Q Further company coverage:
July 3, 2018 (KHARTOUM) - Sudatel, a telecommunications and Internet service provider in Sudan, and Nokia a Finnish telecommunications technology company announced Tuesday a strategic partnership to develop ultra-broadband services in the east African country.
Sudatel
According to the deal announced from Espoo, Finland the two parties will test "Nokia 4.5G Pro, 4.9G and 5G mobile technologies along with Nokia's fixed fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) portfolio to enhance the mobile and residential broadband experience in Sudan".
The technologies used in this trail which will be implemented in Khartoum, are dedicated to increasing capacity and speed through AirScale radio access.
Further, Sudatel will trial Nokia's passive optical networking (PON) fibre solutions to enhance the residential broadband experience. Also, it will be limited to Khartoum before to be extended to other regions.
Sudatel is a government-owned company. The Sudanese operator is present also in Mauritania and Senegal.
Tarig Zain El Abdein, Sudatel's President and Chief Executive Officer said “Bringing Nokia's technology expertise and innovations to Sudan is very strategic for us in the execution of our vision of becoming the most admired ICT provider in Africa"
Pierre Chaume, head of Nokia's North & West Africa Department at, said the partnership agreement “will support Sudatel's 2020 Strategy of becoming the most admired ICT provider in Africa, (..)"
(ST)
ROME (Reuters) - Italy's political crisis moved into unchartered waters on Wednesday, as the head of state sought a last-minute political compromise to end the three-month search for a government and restore calm to financial markets.
Prime Minister-designate Carlo Cottarelli, tasked by the president with calming tensions and laying plans for repeat elections later this year, raised hopes of a breakthrough on Wednesday with comments suggesting compromise was in the air.
Italy has searched for a government since inconclusive elections in March. Two anti-establishment parties came close to forming a ruling coalition last weekend, but backed away after the president demanded a change in their cabinet lineup.
The 5-Star Movement and the right-wing League abandoned their bid to take power in a coalition after President Sergio Mattarella vetoed their choice of 81-year-old eurosceptic Paolo Savona as economy minister.
The prospect of the political crisis being drawn out further with possible new elections later this year has brought turmoil to financial markets.
But Cottarelli, whom Mattarella brought in as a stop-gap prime minister, was quoted by ANSA news agency as saying that new possibilities had emerged “for the birth of a political government,” implying that a government headed by politicians rather than technocrats like himself could be in the offing.
“These circumstances, also considering the market tensions, have caused me to wait for further developments.”
The 5-Star also seemed willing to rethink its weekend decision to defy the president's veto and go back to elections.
The parties are now trying to find “a point of compromise on another name” for the economy ministry, said a source close to 5-Star, the single-biggest party in the new parliament.
League leader Matteo Salvini, who is surging in opinion polls, appeared to throw cold water on the notion that his party and 5-Star could try again to form a coalition.
He said Italy should return to an election as soon as possible. “The earlier we vote the better because it's the best way to get out of this quagmire and confusion,” he told reporters.
He did, however, appear open to an interim administration to govern for a few months, saying an election at the end of July would be “disruptive” for Italian seasonal workers.
He invited Mattarella to make the first move, to “explain to us how we can get out of this situation”. A League source said the party would not block any quick political solution that would enable Italy to deal with possible “emergencies”.
Cottarelli, currently, has no major parliamentary support for a stopgap government of technocrats.
The podium where Carlo Cottarelli was waited to talk with reporters, after a meeting with Italian President Sergio Mattarella, is seen at the Quirinal palace in Rome, Italy, May 29, 2018. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
Despite the softer tone from 5-Star and Cottarelli's intriguing remark, a top adviser to Salvini said the League was not prepared to abandon Savona, the sole obstacle to the League and 5-Star winning the president's blessing for a coalition.
Repeat elections are likely to lead to a eurosceptic government in Rome, a prospect that has rocked financial markets, with the euro sinking to multi-month lows.
ECB WATCHING CLOSELY
The European Central Bank is keeping a watchful eye on the market rout and political crisis engulfing Italy but sees no reason to intervene at this time, sources said.
Three officials told Reuters the ECB was not considering taking action because indicators were not yet showing signs of stress among banks and the central bank did not have the tools or mandate to solve what was essentially a political crisis.
A surprise breakthrough between the president and 5-Star/League would ease uncertainty but still usher in a coalition planning to ramp up spending in the heavily indebted nation and push for changes to European Union and euro-zone fiscal rules.
In the event of continued stalemate, Italy will go back to elections, with most major parties calling for the president to dissolve parliament and hold a vote as soon as July 29.
A recent opinion poll showed the League, which says fiscal rules governing the euro zone are “enslaving” Italians, would take a quarter of the vote, up from 17 percent on March 4.
The IPSOS poll, carried out on May 16-17 and published in the Corriere della Sera newspaper on Wednesday, showed support for the League's would-be coalition partner, the 5-Star Movement, steady at about 32.6 percent — implying a much more comfortable majority if the pair were to try again to govern.
“I am worried by the direction things are moving in,” said Diego Galli, a Rome resident interviewed on the street, adding that the anti-establishment coalition “seems extremist, against Europe”.
Italian government bonds, which suffered one of its most dramatic speculative attacks in years on Tuesday, found some support from local investors on Wednesday.
The yield on 10-year bonds edged away from four-year highs and two-year yields, the focus of earlier attacks, also fell.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Shares in Italian banks also recovered a little ground after five straight days of losses.
In Effort To Court Drivers, Lyft Offering Education Discounts
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kelly Sullivan/Getty Images for Lyft Kelly Sullivan/Getty Images for Lyft
Lyft is unveiling a new education program for drivers, offering access to discounted GED and college courses online. The move is an interesting experiment in the gig economy, where a growing class of workers receive zero benefits from a boss and yet competition for their time is fierce.
Many Lyft drivers see their work for the company as a stopgap measure, a flexible way to make money while they try to build a career.
Shanae Watkins, a driver based in Baltimore, would like to become a social worker. She is currently working on her bachelor's in psychology through online classes. "It's better that way with my kids," she says. "I can drive or study while still being present at home when they need me."
Watkins drives for Uber, Lyft, GrubHub and Amazon Flex and, she says, she does not have loyalty to any specific gig company.
"I turn on the apps and see where the demand is," she says. But, she says, if one of them offered help with the cost of school, that could move her to shift her loyalties.
That is the bet that Lyft is making in this new pilot program with Guild Education. The Denver-based startup connects workers to courses provided by nonprofit online schools.
Lyft drivers will receive tuition discounts ranging from 5 percent to 20 percent and, according to the company, the average driver working with Guild to earn a degree can save up to $4,220 per year.
Drivers can take English as a second language and GED courses, as well as earn an associates, bachelor's or master's degree online in subjects including IT, nursing, social work, occupational therapy and business.
Lyft would not disclose how much the program will cost the company. According to a Lyft survey of drivers to be published next month, 47 percent do not have a college degree.
Gabe Cohen, general manager for Lyft in Denver, says internal surveys show that drivers want to earn degrees. This move serves that goal, as well as the startup's business interests.
"It is important that drivers feel loyalty to Lyft," Cohen says.
There is fierce competition for drivers in the ride-hailing industry. Companies pour money into marketing budgets, placing ads on billboards and popular radio stations in an effort to recruit.
This new education benefit could be a more effective tool and even prompt the largest ride-hailing company, Uber, to do the same. In response to pressure from drivers who pointed out that Lyft offered in-app tipping, Uber started offering the feature this summer.
To qualify, a driver must have completed 10 rides for Lyft in the current or previous quarter, and then 10 rides per month.
"It is a low bar," says Zoe Weintraub, who directs sales and corporate partnerships at Guild.
Turnover among the hourly workforce is notoriously high. Lyft is the first company in the gig economy to offer these education benefits to its drivers.
Guild's other clients include the fast-food chain Chipotle which, Weintraub says, has seen a clear benefit to retention: 98 percent of the employees who enrolled in its education programs stayed with the company over a 90-day period.
David Weil, dean at Brandeis University's Heller School of Social Policy and Management, is not impressed. Weil, who was in charge of investigating companies that misclassify workers under the Obama administration, describes the move by Lyft as strategic, but not generous.
Lyft and Uber are fighting in courts against claims that drivers are employees entitled to benefits like paid sick leave and health care.
"The ride-hailing companies can't erase the fact that their business models are having drivers do all sorts of things an employee would do," Weil says. To offer training is "really nice" but it doesn't mean Lyft should "be rewarded by having the other responsibilities removed," he says.
Lyft audited the pilot program to assess if it exposes the company to new legal claims that workers are employees, not independent contractors. A spokesperson says in-house lawyers determined it does not because only benefits that serve as compensation — such as paying a health care premium or matching a 401(k) — could put the "independent contractor" status in jeopardy.
LAHORE, Oct 6 (APP): A high-level meeting was held here on
Friday with Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif in the
chair to review progress on the continuing program of modernizing
the system of drug testing labs.
The high officials of the UK based LGC Lab gave a briefing
about this ongoing program aimed at modernizing the drug testing
labs.
They told that sufficient improvement had been made by the
Punjab government in the system of drug testing labs as the system
of checking of samples of medicines in drug testing labs of the
provincial metropolis was of high standard.
The progress made on this program due to the personal interest
of Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif was praiseworthy, they said and added
that cooperation would be continued with the Punjab government in future,
as well.
Addressing the meeting, Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif said
that provision of quality medicines to the people was his mission
and for that purpose, the system of drug testing labs was developed
on modern lines.
He said that state-of-the-art drug testing lab was working in Lahore,
while such labs situated in Rawalpindi, Multan, Faisalabad and Bahawalpur were also being developed according to the international standards.
This system would help to provide quality medicines to the people
and the menace of substandard as well as spurious drugs would also be eliminated, he added.
He said that system of checking of drug samples had been designed
under quality management system and the master trainers were getting necessary training from the UK. He directed that regular training of
drug testing staff be arranged.
He said that every obstacle could be conquered with efforts but
one was required to move further with hard work, passion and commitment.
The improvement in the system of drug testing labs would benefit the
people as they would get rid of the substandard and spurious drugs, he added.
Provincial Minister Kh. Imran Nazir, Chief Secretary, Chairman P&D,
Health Secretaries and experts of LGC Lab attended the meeting.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol is set to become one of the UK's fastest-growing cities in the next three years and is predicted to outperform London, according to new research.
Bristol is estimated to grow by a GVA (gross value added) – the measure of the value of goods and services in an area – of 2.3 per cent. This is faster than London, which is estimated to grow by 2.2 per cent, and the UK average of 1.8 per cent.
According to consultancy company EY's UK Regional Economic Forecast, Bristol's growth will also out-pace the broader South West, which is forecast to grow by 1.7 per cent until 2020.
Employment in the South West shows a strong increase, with 54,000 more jobs in June 2017 than in the previous year.
Looking ahead to 2020, total employment in the region is expected to increase by 0.3 per cent per year – just behind the UK average of 0.4 per cent.
Andrew Perkins, senior partner at EY in the South West, said: “The city is finally punching above its weight and is expected to be one of the fastest-growing UK cities over the next three years."
He added Bristol falls just behind Reading and Manchester – which are both anticipated to grow at 2.4 per cent GVA.
Mr Perkins believes the reasons for Bristol's success include strong professional and back-office services, as well as a healthy property market.
But EY's forecast says there has been little progress on geographical rebalancing of the UK's economy, as it predicts the economic divide between the north and south of the UK will continue to expand up to 2020.
Mr Perkins said: “The UK has to view geographic re-balancing as a key component to the process of transforming the economy.
“However the scale of the challenge should not be underestimated. With the requirements to prepare for Brexit, position for technological change and maintain its competitiveness, the UK needs to invest more than it has done for some time – robots will not buy themselves.”
The Milford Arts Council is embracing the spirit of love across all aspects of the arts in February, highlighted by the council's latest exploration of the visual arts, a pop-up art exhibit titled “Paper Romance,” a collection of original romance novel cover illustrations.
The exhibit, which runs Feb. 15 to 18 at the Firehouse Gallery on Naugatuck Avenue, is a celebration of a time in the late 20th century where imagery was not generated from a computer nor consumed on a phone, but rather constructed by the creative process between author, art director and illustrator, published in the print medium and consumed by a diverse age group. Each illustration is the pre-press original, is signed by the artist and is representative of collections from authors that include; Janet Dailey, Kathleen Korbel, Zeke Masters & Nora Roberts, to name just a few.
George H. Jones, a Wilton resident who died in 1993, was a Chicago-based commercial illustrator, a student at the American Academy of Art, a beneficiary of the G.I. Bill of Rights, and a Korean War veteran who moved his family east in the 1970s to break into the New York market. Among his many clients were Reader's Digest and Reader's Digest Condensed Books, Reuben H. Donnelly Corporation, Parker Pen, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars Magazine. As his style matured, he worked primarily with publishing companies, including Dell, Simon & Schuster, Harlequin Romance, Pocket Books, and Silhouette Intimate Moments, defining the quintessential couple's embrace.
The show is a sampling of Jones' work, and has been arranged by his son, Doug Jones of Milford. “I grew up in a household of art and held onto his collection,” Doug Jones said, “uncertain of what to do with the several hundred pieces, as many had personal connections — often my siblings and I were models for background figures — so we have stored them for years.”
When Doug joined the Milford Arts Council as treasurer, he was brainstorming with the board about ways to raise money for the center and Doug brought up the concept of Paper Romance. Doug owns the collection with his older sister, Leslie, and his younger brother, Steve. Both will be participating in the show, Leslie traveling from Chapel Hill, N.C., and Steve coming in from Stamford.
“To understand the significance of the illustrations requires a bit of background on the history of the romance novel genre,” Doug explained. “Romance novels have been around for centuries, from Jane Austen (Pride & Prejudice, 1813) to Janet Dailey (Calder Pride, 1999), so it is a familiar genre.”
From a statistical perspective, at the turn of the century, more than half of all mass-market and trade paperbacks sold in North America were romance novels, accounting for annual revenues of approximately $1 billion in sales of 182 million books. More than 2,000 titles were released that year alone, which amounts to 5.5 books per day, according to Romance Writers of America, website at rwa.org.
The pop-up exhibit is a playful exploration of the genre. Many of the illustrations are represented in a series, with the original sketches presented in addition to the final cover to demonstrate the thought process of the artist and the role of the art director.
The opening reception on Thursday, Feb. 15, from 5:30 to 8 p.m., will feature a showing of the 2015 documentary Love Between the Covers, billed as “an entertaining and inspiring look into the billion-dollar romance fiction industry and its powerhouse of female writers and readers.”
There also will be wines of the era, and an informal Q & A with the artist's family.
The exhibit will continue Friday, Feb. 16, from 5 to 9 p.m. and Saturday, Feb. 17, from noon to 4 p.m. On Saturday afternoon, the city's Poet Laureate, Mick Theebs and members of The Written Word, a local writers' group, will hold an informal critique of the award winning Best Long Contemporary Series Romance, 1992, titled A Rose for Maggie.
The show will culminate on Sunday, Feb. 18, from 6 to 8 p.m. at the Center for the Arts on Railroad Avenue, with a silent auction for four sets of artworks. A set is composed of the original illustration, the artist's sketch, the book jacket press proof, and a copy of the book.
All proceeds from the auction will support the Milford Arts Council. Admission into the exhibit is free.
For further information, contact the Milford Arts Council, 40 Railroad Avenue South, 203-878-6647 or go to milfordarts.org.
The government of Turkey announced Friday that it will open its first cultural center in Latin America in Caracas, Venezuela, following a visit by that nation's dictator, Nicolás Maduro, to Ankara for talks on economic and national security issues.
The debut of the Yunus Emre Turkish Cultural Center of Caracas will be the first such project by the Islamist government of president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in the region after the communist government of Cuba rejected his proposal for the construction of a mosque on the island. Erdoğan has repeatedly expressed the belief that Muslim explorers reached America before Christopher Columbus and cited it as a reason for wanting to expand the reach of the Islamic world into heavily Christian Latin America.
advertisement
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed on Friday that Maduro's government—represented in the meeting with Cavusoglu by his counterpart Jorge Arreaza—signed four agreements with Ankara during his visit “in the fields of economy, security, food, agriculture, animal husbandry and tourism will further strengthen our relations.” He added that Turkey will “open our first Yunus Emre Turkish Cultural Center in Latin America, in Caracas.”
Neither Turkey's Anadolu Agency nor Venezuela's VTV have elaborated on the nature of the Turkish cultural center. Venezuelan outlets are reporting, however, that Maduro is also seeking to establish Turkish studies chairmanships in Venezuela's public universities through a program led by Adán Chávez, brother of the late dictator Hugo Chávez.
Erdoğan's attempts to establish a cultural foothold in weakened Venezuela are especially notable in light of a failed plan to build a Turkish mosque in Cuba. In 2015, Erdoğan told reporters that he was hoping to convince the communist regime of Raúl Castro to allow Turkey to build a mosque in Cuba, months after he had alleged that Muslims had set foot on the island before Christopher Columbus. “Muslim sailors reached the American continent 314 years before Columbus, in 1178,” Erdoğan asserted in 2014. Erdoğan later insisted that Cuba would not have to invest in the mosque project.
“I presented all the information, project work and visuals regarding the Ortakoy mosque. ‘We will do this ourselves. We don't want a partner. If you find it appropriate we want to do this',” Erdoğan said he told the Castro regime.
The Castro regime, an avowed Marxist atheist entity, rejected the plan.
Turkish and Venezuelan state outlets have not elaborated on what sort of food and agriculture deals both parties signed. Food security is significantly lacking in Venezuela, where the majority of citizens cannot afford three meals a day and lost 19 pounds in weight involuntarily last year. Venezuela's socialist regime has seized large portions of the nation's agricultural land from private owners, hampering production, and the soldiers in control of the food supply often demand large bribes for access, leaving boatloads of food to rot in ports when no one can afford the bribes.
In addition to Cavusoglu's remarks, Erdoğan told reporters following his meeting with Maduro that he was seeking “to promote relations with Venezuela to on the basis of ‘win-win,'” borrowing a phrase common in Chinese diplomacy.
Maduro, meanwhile, issued a series of statements honoring the Turkish Republic, while state-run VTV published a video of the socialist dictator laying a wreath at the tomb of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the secularist founder of modern Turkey. “Honoring the founder of the Republic of Turkey, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, is to recognize the historical importance of this brother nation,” Maduro reportedly said.
http://vtvadminweb.vtv.gob.ve/app/uploads/2017/10/Visita-de-Maduro-al-Mousoleo-turco.mp4
The party that Atatürk founded, the Republican People's Party (CHP), is a member of the Socialist International.
In addition to the homage, VTV reports that Maduro met with Speaker of the Grand National Assembly Ismail Kahraman and several other Turkish lawmakers. Maduro's visit is part of a larger “Bolivarian Peace Tour” that included stops in Algeria, Belarus, and Russia.
Follow Frances Martel on Facebook and Twitter.
New York
French center Joakim Noah's future with the New York Knicks was thrown into further doubt Friday as the team said he would remain away indefinitely, US media reported.
The New York Daily News, reporting from Milwaukee where the Knicks played the Bucks on Friday, said the Knicks announced that “in a mutual decision Joakim will not be back with the team until further notice.” Noah hasn't been with the Knicks since January 25, the day after he and head coach Jeff Hornacek engaged in a heated exchange during a practice in Denver. ESPN, citing league sources, reported Noah and Hornacek had to be separated.—APP
A team of impetuous 20-something-year-old startup founders may not automatically reach out to the AARP to bring its products to market. Ignoring the aging population isn't the sharpest move, however. With its Innovation Champion Award, AARP wants to highlight that those over 50 have sacks of disposable cash and aren't afraid to spend it — as long as the value is there.
“Historically, people would retire at 65 and then have another 10 years to live or so,” says Anne Marie Kilgallon, vice president of Enterprise Strategy and Innovation for the AARP. “But things have changed a lot since then. These days, people live into their 90s, and these ‘bonus years' are important.”
Ageism is a real thing, and it swings both ways. Remember, oh, about 100 words ago, when I flippantly referred to startup founders as 20-year-olds? You probably didn't even notice, because that sort of thing happens all the time. “Young people are selfish and impulsive” and “old people hate technology” are truisms that hold true less and less often. This is one fight AARP is picking with its Disrupt Aging campaign — and a part of that is its new Innovation Champion Award.
“AARP is really committed to this caregiving space, and we want to be one of the voices that drives innovation to this space,” Kilgallon tells me. “That's what we do as a social advocacy organization. But the realistic truth of the matter is that we can only relieve the burdens placed on caregivers by embracing technology.”
For most businesses, $10,000 is a nice chunk of change, but for the most successful of businesses isn't going to move the needle. AARP knows that, but for them, it's more of a $10,000 spotlight pointing at an enormous opportunity than the cash incentive in and of itself.
“Research shows that 70 percent of U.S. disposable income is controlled by an aging population,” Kilgallon explains, “so there are tremendous business opportunities here. We just want to help companies find those opportunities and help solve some of our key challenges in the process.”
The key challenges are reflected in the company's awards categories, which are daily essential activities, caregiver quality of life, health and safety awareness, care coordination, social well-being and transition support. The companies up for awards will be judged on a number of criteria, not least of which is whether the businesses are viable.
“We love technology,” Kilgallon says, but stresses that her organization isn't pushing tech for tech's sake. “Winning technology needs to be affordable. It needs to have a business model that makes it viable. And it needs to be extremely well-designed. Gone are the days where the older generation eschewed all technology, but that doesn't mean the tools and services shouldn't be well-designed and easy to use.”
If the $10,000 doesn't get your business senses a-tingling, the grand prize probably should: It includes traveling to Washington, DC to speak with top AARP executives about your business. A golden opportunity, of course, for a company that could benefit from AARP's amplification.
“AARP is a social impact organization,” Kilgallon explains when I push her on what's in it for them. “What's in it for us is that we want to shine a light on the incredible innovation that is happening in products and services. We hope that the winners solve real, concrete problems experienced by people aged 50 and older.”
While there are fewer companies actively marketing to the silver economy, there are a few that do, and that do it well.
“I have been keeping an eye on Honor. The way the company has rolled out is really interesting, and it's a great model for how to connect care-givers to individuals in need of care,” Kilgallon says. “Caring Village is another startup worth looking at. They are all about the connection between family, care givers and care recipients.”
Nominations for the innovation champion award open today.
Obamacare Is First Item On Congress' Chopping Block
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
Congress is back in session on Tuesday, and leaders of both houses say their first order of business will be to repeal Obamacare.
If they do that, it will be a slap in the face to President Barack Obama just three weeks before he leaves the White House. The Affordable Care is the outgoing president's signature achievement, marked by an elaborate signing ceremony in March 2010 at the White House, with lofty speeches from the vice president and Obama himself.
"Today, after almost a century of trying, today after over a year of debate, today, after all the votes have been tallied, health insurance reform becomes law in the United States of America," Obama said that day, to long applause from the assembled crowd.
And Joe Biden famously leaned over to remind the president that it was "a big ***ing deal."
But Republicans have been vowing to repeal the law since the day it passed, and they'll soon have a sympathetic president in the White House to sign whatever bill they send him.
"We will repeal the disaster known as Obamacare and create new health care, all sorts of reforms that work for you and your family," President-elect Donald Trump vowed last month in Orlando.
That new health care plan hasn't been fleshed out yet by Trump or his allies in Congress. So they say they'll vote to get rid of Obamacare, but delay its demise until they come up with a replacement that will cover the millions of people who have insurance thanks to the law.
But insurance companies and health care analysts are worried.
"I don't see how you talk to any [insurance] carrier and give them any desire to hang around to see what they replace it with," says Dr. Kavita Patel, an internist at Johns Hopkins University Hospital and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. "Why would you stick around for that?"
Patel worked in the White House and helped create the Affordable Care Act. But she's not alone in her concern.
Last month the health insurance trade group America's Health Insurance Plans sent a letter to lawmakers asking them to keep in place many of the financial incentives that are central to the law — including subsidies for patients to help them buy insurance and cover copayments, and a provision that eliminates some taxes on insurers.
The American Academy of Actuaries also warned in its own letter that a repeal of the ACA without replacing it would be dangerous to the long-term health of the insurance market.
Still, Republicans appear determined to move ahead with the vote as soon as this week.
Some history:
Democrats rammed the Affordable Care Act through Congress in 2010 with no Republican support.
It was a huge, complicated law and, like most legislation, it was flawed. Over the subsequent six years, Republicans, who were angry at the way the Affordable Care Act was passed, refused to cooperate in any actions that would be seen as helping it succeed. Instead, they promised in speeches and television interviews to repeal it entirely. In fact, the House has voted more than 60 times over the years to do just that.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
"There's no getting around the fact that lots of Republicans campaigned hard against the ACA and a lot of them won, including the person at the top of the ticket," says James Capretta, a scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute.
But even with control of both chambers of Congress and with Trump in the White House, Republicans can't simply repeal Obamacare. They would need the help of at least a handful of Democrats to overcome a filibuster.
Democrats can't, however, filibuster budget bills. So Republican leaders have decided to defund Obamacare, eliminating the tax penalties for those who don't buy insurance and the subsidies to help people pay their premiums. Essentially, that guts the law's main elements.
The problem for Republicans is that today, an estimated 20 million people get their insurance through Obamacare. About 10 million buy policies through the exchanges set up by state and federal governments, and most of those patients get subsidies to help pay the premiums.
And millions more are covered because the law allows states to expand the number of people who are eligible for Medicaid, the health insurance program for the poor.
So people who had pre-existing conditions that shut them out of the insurance market before the ACA passed, or people who had reached insurer-imposed lifetime benefit limits, generally like the law.
But, then there are people like Will Denecke, who is mad because his insurance costs have gone up since Obamacare passed. Before the law was enacted, he spent about $340 a month on health insurance.
"Incredibly, we got a notice from my health care company, Moda, which has been having financial problems, that my premium was going up to $930," he said last October.
He's a self-employed urban planning consultant in Portland, Ore., and, unlike most people in Obamacare, he makes too much money to qualify for government subsidies.
"I've had health insurance my whole life, but it's just offensive in principle to think of spending $1,000 a month on health care insurance when there is a good chance I won't need it," he said.
He was considering just letting his coverage lapse.
And, on the other side, you've got people like Leigh Kvetko of Dallas. She takes 10 medications every day because she's had two organ transplant procedures, and the drugs are part of her daily regimen to survive. After Obamacare passed, she was able quit her job at a big company and start a business with her husband, because she could finally get individual insurance.
"This particular plan, the fact that they cannot discriminate against me because of how I was born, was a lifesaver, literally," she says.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady told the Washington Times last month that consumers needn't worry. "We can assure the American public that the plan they're in right now, the Obamacare plans, will not end on Jan. 20, that we're going to be prepared and ready with new options tailored for them," he said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Aegis Logistics Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 535.4 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS PROFIT 368.6 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 14.42 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 12.48 BILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DECLARED DIVIDEND OF 0.5 RUPEES PER SHARE
* SAYS APPROVED REAPPOINTMENT OF RAJ CHANDARIA AS MD‍​
* SAYS APPROVED REAPPOINTMENT OF ANISH CHANDARIA AS MD‍​ Source text: bit.ly/2s1NZS2 Further company coverage:
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Indiana said on Friday it will require its Medicaid recipients work or do some other form of community engagement, becoming the second state to make this fundamental change to the 50-year-old health insurance program for the poor.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services'(HHS) Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said it approved Indiana's waiver to add these requirements to its Medicaid program on Friday. The work requirement applies to able-bodied working age Medicaid enrollees, according to HHS.
Pregnant women, medically frail enrollees, students, some caregivers and people in substance use treatment are among those that are exempted from the requirements.
Kentucky became the first state to impose work requirements on its Medicaid recipients last month.
At least eight additional states, mostly Republican-led, have proposed similar changes to Medicaid: Arizona, Arkansas, Kansas, Maine, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Utah and Wisconsin.
ANNECY, France — Annecy has been “Loving Vincent.” The world premiere on Tuesday at France's Annecy Festival of the independent animated feature received a 10-minute-plus standing ovation which lasted throughout the final credit sequence and beyond.
Billed as the first-ever fully-painted feature film, and screened at the Festival's biggest auditorium, the feature-length debut of Dorota Kobiela and Hugh Welchman received a heartfelt reception from most of its first public audience which spilt over onto social media. Among Twitter comments: ”We applaud innovative approaches to reaching Vincent”; “Vincent Van Gogh has sprung to life in animation”; “It got me, and I did cry.” Prizes or none, the film looks set to become one of the most talked-about of new features this year at Annecy.
“Loving Vincent” is directed by Kobiela, whose credits include the short, “Little Postman.” It is co-directed by producer Hugh Welchman, producer of the Oscar-winning short “Peter & the Wolf.” International sales are handled by Edward Noeltner's L.A.-based Cinema Management Group.
According to Welchman, the $5.5 million-budgeted “Loving Vincent” will be distributed in about 135 countries.
A fictionalized, mystery-driven biopic, “Vincent” has a vibrant palette created by stop-motion oil paint brush strokes painted on canvas after the directors rotoscoped the performance of actors.
This gives a noteworthy expressivity to characters.
The story plumbs the last days and still-not-completely-clarified death of the modern painting master. According to Welchman, “after reading many books and more than 800 letters written by the artist, we decided to create a plot which includes imaginary characters.”
“Loving Vincent” is produced by the U.K. and Poland-based BreakThru Films (“Peter and the Wolf”), in co-production with David Parfitt's Trademark Films.
A deeply-felt tribute, “Vincent”'s production is unlikely to become common industry practice. Shots were painted over on canvas boards frame-by-frame. “For every shot in the film, we ended up with one canvas, apart from the very long shots like the opening shot, where we had three canvases. There were about 1,000 shots in the film, so we have about a thousand paintings,” said Welchman.
He added: ”We have about 500 design paintings so 1,500 paintings in our studio. There are 65,000 frames. We painted at mainly 12 frames-per-second.”
Anna Kluza, part of the animation painting supervisory team said that painting a three-second shot took one month to complete.
A tribute and devotional and collective work, “Loving Vincent” required the cooperation of more than a hundred painters. “I just wanted to be a part of the whole story of this movie which we hope will encourage people to look at Vincent's works and read also his letters,” said Kobiela.
Vincent Van Gogh is already one of the world's two-or-three most popular modern painters, a near-guarantee of crowds at any major museum exhibition. With this film, his popularity is likely to grow. “Loving Vincent” will see its first commercial release in France on Oct. 11 via La Belle Company.
Sean Hannity has landed a sit-down interview with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange that will air Tuesday on Fox News Channel, the network announced Monday.
According to a Fox News release, the two will discuss Russian hacking, the 2016 presidential election, and both the Obama and upcoming Trump administrations. It will air at 10 p.m. on Jan. 3, with additional portions of the interview airing throughout the week.
Assange is currently living under political asylum in the Ecuadorian embassy in London, where he sought refuge from a Swedish investigation into rape allegations stemming from his 2010 visit to the country.
The interview will mark Assange's first face-to-face cable news appearance. It is not, however, the first time he's spoken publicly to Hannity. Most recently, in December, Assange called into Hannity's radio show, in which the host gushed to Assange that “you've done us a favor” in exposing gaps in U.S. cybersecurity.
Hannity's tone on Assange has seemingly changed over the past few years. Previously a critic of WikiLeaks, Hannity has since interviewed him multiple times via radio and phone. In a satellite interview on Fox News in September, Hannity told Assange, “Part of me, in the beginning, was conflicted about you.”
Assange and WikiLeaks were heavily involved in the political sphere ahead of Election Day, with WikiLeaks steadily publishing emails from Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. There were also embarrassing emails from Democratic Party officials spread by WikiLeaks just before the Democratic National Convention in late July.
Much of the recent news on the election has focused on Russia's role in the email hacks. Assange has claimed that he did not receive the hacked emails from Russia, and previously released a statement saying that WikiLeaks was not trying to influence the outcome of the election, though he's been highly critical of Clinton.
Disney-LucasFilm's “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” easily topped social media buzz last week with 77,000 new conversations, according to media-measurement firm comScore and its PreAct service.
The activity was spurred by the studio unveiling new toys and merchandise last week along with several cast interviews and an Entertainment Weekly feature. Star John Boyega spoke about the film in an interview on Aug. 3.
The movie, which opens Dec. 15, has already generated 2.37 million new social media conversations.
Fox's “Deadpool 2” generated 30,000 new conversations last week as Ryan Reynolds released images of Josh Brolin as Cable on Aug. 7 and “Atlanta” breakout Zazie Beetz as Domino in the sequel. “Deadpool 2” will open on June 1.
Paramount's Jennifer Lawrence drama “Mother!” generated 29,000 new conversations following the release of the first trailer on Aug. 8, in which Lawrence appears obsessed with a brick wall, which is at one point dripping with blood. “Mother!” has a planned release date of Sept. 15 and is set to have its North American premiere at the Toronto Film Festival, in addition to competing at the Venice Film Festival.
Disney-Marvel's “Thor: Ragnarok” produced 18,000 new conversations last week as the studio released new set images on Aug. 7 and posters on Aug. 9-10. The tentpole has now generated more than 830,000 new conversations and is scheduled for release on Nov. 3.
“Hunt for the Wilderpeople” helmer Taika Waititi directed the third standalone Thor movie, which stars Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Tom Hiddleston, Idris Elba, Cate Blanchett, Jeff Goldblum, Karl Urban, and Anthony Hopkins.
Warner Bros.' “Justice League” generated 16,700 conversations last week as the studio released an image of Henry Cavill's Superman on Aug. 8 and concept art on Aug. 10. The superhero tentpole opens Nov. 17.
Nagarwala (Photo: file photo)
Detroit – Federal prosecutors charged a fourth person Wednesday with participating in a widening conspiracy to mutilate the genitals of prepubescent girls.
Tahera Shafiq, 48, of Northville was charged with conspiracy to commit female genital mutilation and aiding and abetting.
She is accused of being at a Livonia clinic when at least three girls allegedly were mutilated, according to federal prosecutors.
The complaint comes more than one month after The Detroit News reported federal agents had raided the woman's home as part of an ongoing investigation. The News did not name Shafiq at the time because she had not been charged with a crime.
The charge is the latest development in a case prosecutors say involves as many as 100 girls who may have had their genitalia mutilated during a 12-year conspiracy.
The high-profile criminal case –the nation's first federal case since female genital mutilation was outlawed in 1996 – is raising awareness about a procedure practiced by some members of the Dawoodi Bohra, a small sect of Shia Muslims.
The four people charged are all members of the Dawoodi Bohra community, which is based locally out of a Farmington Hills mosque.
Shafiq allegedly was in the room Feb. 3 when prosecutors say two 7-year-old girls from Minnesota were cut at the Livonia medical clinic.
Dr. Jumana Nagarwala of Northville is accused of mutilating the genitalia of two girls Feb. 3 at the clinic, owned by Dr. Fakhruddin Attar.
The Farmington Hills man has been indicted along with his wife, Dr. Farida Attar, who is accused of helping arrange the procedure and being in the examination room while it was performed.
Investigators have obtained text messages exchanged among Nagarwala, Attar and Shafiq that mention meeting at the clinic Feb. 3, the night the two girls allegedly underwent the procedure.
The Attars are accused of committing female genital mutilation, trying to cover up the crime and conspiring with Nagarwala to cut girls as part of a procedure practiced by their religious and cultural community.
One girl told the FBI that Nagarwala “pinched” her on the “place (where) she goes pee,'” and a subsequent medical examinations showed the girl's genitals did not appear normal and a section had been altered or removed, according to a court filing. A doctor also observed scar tissue and small healing lacerations.
The second girl identified Nagarwala as the doctor she visited in Detroit and a subsequent medical exam showed the girl's genitalia had a small incision and a small tear, according to a court filing.
Defense lawyers say the procedure performed on the girls was not female genital mutilation and that the government is overreaching.
Nagarwala's lawyer has said the doctor merely removed mucous membrane from the girls' genitalia, placed the material on gauze pads and gave it to their families for burial.
The girls were brought to the clinic by mothers who wanted them to undergo a religious rite of passage, defense lawyers said.
The procedures were benign and legal, defense lawyers have said.
rsnell@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2486
Twitter: @robertsnellnews
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2tmGh0v
OAS Helicopters Has Been Taken Over By AMCON
The Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has taken over Odengene Air-Shuttle Services, known more as OAS Helicopters in Lagos following a court order. It was the third aviation firm to be taken over by the bad bank in four months.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) gathered that AMCON had on Tuesday sealed the company at Maryland in Lagos, indicating that the company had been taken over by AMCON.
The order on the company's office reads: “POSSESSION TAKEN TODAY 14/2/17 BY AMCON COURT ORDER ON SUIT NO. FHC/4CS/1139/2016
NAN could not authoritatively confirm if the company is indebted to some banks that could have warranted such take over.
However, the company was among the airlines that received the Federal Government intervention fund during the tenure of President Goodluck Jonathan.
A source at the premises told NAN that the notice by AMCON said it all that the company had been taken over following a court order.
OAS is one of the leading helicopter chatter service companies in the country.
AMCON had on Thursday Feb.9, taken over the management of Arik Air.
AMCON said that the development would save Arik Airlines currently immersed in heavy debt.
For some time now, the airline, which carries about 55 per cent of the load in the country, has been going through difficult times.
These are attributable to its bad corporate governance, operational challenges, inability to pay staff salaries and heavy debt burden among other issues.
AMCON had earlier taken over the management of Aero Contractors in 2016.
The airline will resume flights, with the appointment of a new CEO.
NAN
Log in to leave a Comment
SAN JOSE (Reuters) - A debate over gay marriage has upturned Costa Rica's presidential race, giving ammunition to conservative frontrunners ahead of Sunday's vote and challenging the Central American country's image as a progressive bastion.
Evangelical Christian singer and congressman Fabricio Alvarado, who leads recent polls, has pitted himself against a January ruling from the Inter-American Court of Human Rights that urges Costa Rica to legalize same-sex marriage.
Alvarado, 43, has said the Costa Rica-based court is violating the country's sovereignty and jeopardizing its “traditional family” values. He has threatened to withdraw Costa Rica from the court system, as Venezuela did.
“We are not ready for a LGBT agenda,” Alvarado said at a candidate debate. “Let's make February 4 our referendum on the marriage between men and women.”
His meteoric rise is unlikely to be enough for him to win without a run-off vote in April. But Alvarado has pushed other candidates among the 13 contenders to adopt more conservative tones, including ex-government minister Antonio Alvarez Desanti, leader of the powerful National Liberation party.
Alvarez Desanti, a 59-year-old banana entrepreneur, has pledged to respect the court's decision on gay marriage but said he would not personally support it. That sparked criticism from liberal factions of his center-right party in a country whose “pura vida,” catchphrase suggests a chilled approach to life.
Neither Alvarado nor Alvarez Desanti is expected to reach the 40 percent of votes required to win in the first round.
Conservative Juan Diego Castro also hopes to land on the April run-off ballot. The former justice minister is running on a platform of tough anti-crime measures and fewer restrictions on miners and oil companies in a nation known for stewardship of rainforests and oceans.
“FEAR OF GOD”
Out of three candidates who support same-sex marriage, the most likely to reach a second round is Carlos Alvarado, a former labor minister and an ally of President Luis Guillermo Solis.
Solis is barred by law from seeking a second consecutive term.
Despite Costa Rica's reputation as socially forward looking, with high education and health standards, reproductive rights such as in vitro fertilization (IVF) and abortion are not widely accepted, and seven out of ten people consider themselves conservative, according to a University of Costa Rica poll.
“Those who propose gay marriage do not understand Costa Rica,” said Marcela Linares, 56, as she attended to her stall in a San Jose marketplace presided over by an image of Costa Rica's patron saint. “This country is not that, here it is marriage between a man and a woman. Here there is fear of God.”
The gay community has counted some triumphs, however.
Solis' administration and his Citizen Action Party (PAC) flew a rainbow-striped flag over the presidential house in 2014, the first time a Latin American government raised the gay rights banner over an official building.
A request from Solis several years ago prompted the Inter-American Court's ruling on legalizing gay marriage.
“There is a hypocritical and electoral use of the resolution of the Inter-American Court. But it works in our favor - those who don't believe in equality will be divided,” said Marco Castillo, an attorney and leader of the Diversity Movement advocacy group.
Many of Costa Rica's 3.3 million voters are still unsure who to support, according to polls, after a campaign season marked by skepticism and apathy.
“I‘m going to go vote, but I don't yet know for whom,” said José Esteban Ramírez, a 35-year-old dentist. “Before, I chose the least-worst, but now it is difficult to know who is the worst.”
GENEVA (Reuters) - Muslim Rohingya continue to flee Myanmar's Rakhine state, with 11,432 arriving in Bangladesh so far in 2018, many testifying about violence, persecution, killings and burning of their homes, the United Nations human rights chief said on Wednesday.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein outgoing United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights attends the Human Rights Council one day after the U.S. announced their withdrawal at the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland June 20, 2018. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
Many Rohingya refugees also report being pressured by Myanmar authorities to accept a national verification card that says they “need to apply for citizenship”, Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said in a speech to the U.N. Human Rights Council.
“No amount of rhetoric can whitewash these facts. People are still fleeing persecution in Rakhine — and are even willing to risk dying at sea to escape,” Zeid told the Geneva forum.
The Moon will pass by several prominent companions over the next week. Tomorrow, the bright star Aldebaran, the eye of the bull, will stand just above the Moon at first light. On Friday and Saturday, the Moon will pass by the planet Venus, the “morning star.” And it'll end its week of companionship on Monday, when it lines up with the Sun — creating a total solar eclipse.
Over the centuries, eclipses have helped astronomers learn a lot about the Sun and the universe. During an eclipse in 1868, for example, French and British astronomers discovered a new element in the Sun's atmosphere. It was named “helium” for Helios, an ancient Greek Sun god. Later observations revealed that it's the second-most-abundant element in the universe, after hydrogen.
Perhaps the most famous eclipse discovery came in 1919.
Just a few years earlier, Albert Einstein had published his theory of gravity, known as general relativity. Among other things, it predicted that the gravity of a massive object like the Sun would “warp” the space around it.
To test that idea, British astronomer Arthur Eddington led an expedition to an island off the coast of Africa. His team photographed the eclipse, as well as stars that appeared near the Sun in the darkened sky. The apparent positions of those stars were shifted a tiny bit by the Sun's gravity — confirming general relativity, and turning Einstein into an international celebrity.
More about this year's eclipse tomorrow.
Script by Damond Benningfield
Visit our special eclipse web site
https://stardate.org/nightsky/2017-solar-eclipse
Armenia's capital Yerevan is hosting the International Conference in Nonlinear Problems in Aviation and Aerospace (ICNPAA World Congress 2018).
Researchers from leading international institutes, Armenian scientists and representatives of the industry have gathered at American University of Armenia on July 3 to hear about mathematical problems in engineering, aerospace and science and modern scientific solutions. The conference is expected to end on July 6.
ICNPAA in Armenia: New opportunities for local scientists
ICNPAA has been brought to Armenia by Director for Intelligent Robotics Lab at University of Illinois, Professor Naira Hovakimyan, who also performs as Organizer and General Co-Chair of the conference.
“50 Global Armenians” | 2012-07-12 10:02:37 50 Global Armenians: Naira Hovakimyan
Naira Hovakimyan Photo: Mediamax
Seenith Siva Photo: Mediamax
Tal Shima Photo: Mediamax
UAV production: importance of scientific base
Islamabad
Security forces have killed 3500 in 2016 during the major operation “Zarb-e-Azab” or sharp strike, the military has said in an annual report released on the eve of New Year.
A total of 583 civilians lost lives while 2108 were injured in terrorist acts during the outgoing year, the report released by the army spokesman Major General Asif Ghafoor.
The security forces have destroyed 992 hideouts, 253 tons of explosives, while dismantled 7599 IEDs and ammunition factories. Besides, forces also recovered 18087 weapons. Pakistan Air Force targeted strikes on Terrorists Hideouts in Support of Zarb-e-Azb.
The military courts awarded sentenced 274 people in terrorism-related offences including death penalty to 161 while 113 were imprisoned. Twelve have been executed.
About the cross-border exchange of firing with India, the army report claimed that Indian forces have committed 379 ceasefire violations, killing 46 civilians. Pakistani forces in retaliation have killed 40 Indian soldiers, it was claimed in the report.
The security forces and other law enforcement agencies have carried out a total of 25620 intelligence-based and combing operations across Pakistan.
“Defence of the country impregnable. Pakistan successfully tested enhanced version of Babur cruise missile and indigenously produced air launched Ra'ad missile,” the military spokesman said while releasing the report.
He said a Special Security Division has been raised for the security of the CPEC, besides taking arrangements for actualisation and security of the CPEC.
Pakistan Navy successful test launched of Shore-based Anti-ship Missile “Zarb” & Surface to Surface Anti-ship Missile Firing in the North Arabian Sea form Sword Class Frigate PNS ASLAT.
Pakistan Navy proved its vigilance and operational preparedness by “detecting and blocking Indian Submarine from entering in Pakistani waters at south of Pakistani coast.” —NNI
Related
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Sri Lanka left-arm spinner Lakshan Sandakan picked up his maiden five-wicket test haul as India were all out for 487 in the first over after lunch on the second day of the third test on Sunday.
All-rounder Hardik Pandya was out for 108 after scoring his first test hundred and was the last batsman to be dismissed for India, who lead the three-match series 2-0.
Sandakan finished with 5-132, while left-arm spin colleague Malinda Pushpakumara took 3-82 for the hosts. (Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by John O'Brien)
Go Red For Women
Columbia, SC (WOLO) — If you were seeing red Friday, you weren't alone. The Go Red for Women movement swept throughout the State. In Columbia, City leaders encouraged people to wear the vibrant color in hopes of bringing awareness to the number one killer of women.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leaving her co-star red-faced, actress Jane Seymour shows she has not lost her Bond Girl sex appeal.
Dressed in a pink slip and a blonde wig, the 66-year-old plays a sex crazed neighbour in Adam Sandler 's latest comedy movie, Netflix 's Sandy Wexler.
She said: “I thought it was a very funny character.
“I just went, ‘Oh, my God. I know how to kill that [scene]... Okay, it's two scenes, but they're really good.'”
Seymour, known for playing the clairvoyant Solitaire alongside Roger Moore's 007 in Live and Let Die, makes a play for talent manager Sandler in the film.
But her advances are spurned by the Hollywood agent who is in love with one of his clients - talented singer Courtney Clarke, played by Jennifer Hudson.
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: Getty)
The film, which also features cameos by Chris Rock, Dana Carvey, David Spade, Vanilla Ice, Conan O'Brien, Henry Winkler, Penn Jillette, Jewel, and Richard Lewis, is loosely based on the life of Sandy Wernick, who has been Sandler's real-life manager for the past 30 years or so.
Set in the mid-1990s, it is a Hollywood story about a dedicated talent manager on the fringe of show business, who does his best to represent his gaggle of eccentric clients, until he finally catches a break when he discovers Courtney Clarke, a talented singer who he discovers at an amusement park, and with whom he promptly falls in love.
That makes it easy for him to spurn the advances of Seymour's Sandy, who lives next door to Sandler's Sandy in a mausoleum-type house and is none-too-patiently waiting for her husband to die.
Part of the inside joke is that the man who plays her husband is none other than the real Sandy Wernick.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - A dozen members of the U.S. Congress have nominated Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement and its most prominent student leader for this year's Nobel Peace Prize, prompting a denunciation from Beijing for interfering in China's affairs.
In nominating Joshua Wong, 21, and his colleagues Nathan Law, 24, and Alex Chow, 27, who led tens of thousands in the former British colony's largest pro-democracy protest in 2014, the lawmakers wanted to recognise “their peaceful efforts to bring political reform and self-determination to Hong Kong”.
The protests, which the Chinese and Hong Kong governments deemed illegal, were part of a populist uprising that posed one of the greatest challenges for Communist Party rulers in Beijing in decades.
The reference to self-determination was certain to rile authorities in Beijing and Hong Kong, who say the notion is inconsistent with the principle of “one country, two systems” under which the Asian financial hub returned to Chinese rule in 1997.
“Hong Kong's pro-democracy advocates have made significant contributions to peace by actively seeking to safeguard the future of Hong Kong at precisely the time that Beijing has taken steps to undermine Hong Kong's long-cherished autonomy,” four Democrats and eight Republicans, including former presidential hopeful Marco Rubio, told the Nobel Peace Prize Committee in a letter.
If Wong wins, he would be the second youngest person to receive a Nobel Prize after Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai, who was 17 when she became a laureate in 2014. The winner will be announced in October.
Tens of thousands of protesters, some wielding umbrellas to shield themselves from tear gas and pepper spray, set up camp on major highways for 79 days in late 2014, demonstrations that grabbed international headlines.
But the mostly peaceful protests failed to pressure Hong Kong and Beijing authorities to grant the city full democracy.
Critics decry a series of subsequent “payback” incidents, including months-long jail terms for the trio and, most recently, a ban on Wong's ally, Agnes Chow, running in a legislature by-election.
Hong Kong authorities have denied political interference, saying everything was done in accordance with the law.
The “one country, two systems” principle promises Hong Kong a high degree of autonomy and freedoms not enjoyed in China, such as freedom of speech and an independent judiciary. But many observers see a gradual erosion of those freedoms.
The nominations provoked anger from Beijing's Communist Party rulers who say the city is an inalienable part of China.
In a statement sent to Reuters, China's Foreign Ministry said that Wong and the others involved in the protests had been punished in accordance with the law, labelling the protests they lead as “illegal from head to toe”.
“We urge the relevant U.S. Congressmen to stop interfering in Hong Kong and China's internal affairs, and do more to benefit the development of Sino-U.S. ties rather than the opposite,” it added.
Wong, who faces two appeals over separate jail sentences, said he hoped the nomination would give more bargaining power to the city's democratic movement.
“I believe the nomination would show the international community and (Chinese President) Xi Jinping how the young generation will persist in fighting for democracy, even if we have to face imprisonment or a permanent ban from public office,” Wong said.
China's only Nobel Peace Prize winner, dissident intellectual Liu Xiaobo, died last July, becoming the first Nobel Laureate to die in custody since Carl von Ossietzky died under Nazi Germany's watch in 1938.
His wife, Liu Xia, said to suffer from severe depression, is still under effective house arrest.
By Ana Martinez-Ortiz
Although spring has been off to a slow start this year, the residents of Harambee neighborhood are not. This past Saturday residents and volunteers gathered for a bit of residential spring cleaning and picked up the trash on a 160-block radius in the first Harambee Neighborhood Cleanup.
The event took place within the borders of North Holton Street west to Interstate 43 and West North Avenue north to West Capitol Drive. It came to be as a result of the combined efforts of various community groups including Running Rebels, 5Points Neighborhood Association, WestCare Wisconsin,
Safe & Sound and Bader Philanthropies.
Adrian Spencer, a manager of the Drug-Free Communities for Safe & Sound, helped organize the clean-up. She was stationed at Clinton Rose Park and issued out cleaning supplies for volunteers.
According to Spencer, at Rose Park 173 residents and 260 additional volunteers showed up to participate.
“For me as an organizer, it was an extremely gratifying day,” she said.
The original date for the cleanup saw a scattering of snow, so a lot of people didn't show up but this time they did.
Typically, she explained, Safe & Sound does small-scale cleanups throughout the summer. The organization is established in ten different neighborhoods including Sherman Park and Midtown. In the summer, each neighborhood hosts four community cleanups.
Thanks to their previous efforts, a lot of the residents already had the proper cleanup tools and scheduled cleanups. Spencer said that some residents organize a clean-up every Saturday while others do it the third Saturday of every month.
According to Spencer, the hope is that residents continue to organize scheduled clean-ups on their blocks and in their parks.
“This is a very positive thing,” she said. “It's simple but positive and everybody could get behind it.”
The youth were among some of the most enthusiastic. Spencer saw groups of young people armed with cleaning supplies tackle one area and then return asking where else needed to be clean.
It was especially inspiring to know that these kids came of their own volition because they want to see their neighborhoods improve, she said. After all, Safe & Sound's initiative is to unite, “residents, youth, law enforcement and community resources to build safe and empowered neighborhoods.”
Although the main goal is to clean up the neighborhood, it's overall purpose goes beyond that. It gave neighbors a chance to meet one another and unite towards a common goal. It also gave community groups the opportunity to offer resources and introduce themselves to new people.
Overall the event was a huge success, with Waste Management picking up trash bags during the event and the days that followed.
“It looks great out there,” Spencer said.
Given the final outcome, groups like Safe & Sounds are already beginning to plan for next year's neighborhood cleanup. According to Spencer, there's the potential for a city-wide cleanup, which she admits would require a lot of work as the preparation for this year's event began in October and a lot of effort went towards recruiting volunteers through emails and by going door to door.
For those interested in helping clean up other neighborhoods including their own, go to https://www.safesound.org/.
Thursday Farmer's Business Network (FBN) announced it will be introducing a suite of four offerings to help farmers through crop marketing. The company says this is a result of overwhelming demand for marketing support from their farmer customers.
The latest from FBN Crop Marketing includes FBN Market Intelligence, FBN Cash Grain Management, FBN Cash Contracts and FBN Brokerage. Each provides a different aspect to crop marketing, from insights and analysis to contracting and sales.
“We break the tools into two buckets: market decision making and execution,” says Devin Lammers, head of commodity crop marketing at FBN. “We decided to do this because FBN has always been laser focused on farmer profitability. We started with Profit Center last year and built out these products after hours and hours of conversations with farmers around their pain points when they go to market their crop.”
FBN Market Intelligence - provides weekly in-depth newsletters and daily market reports using outside expertise and proprietary data that is compiled into a curated view of the market. It gives national and global futures information and local basis comparisons farmers can use when making marketing plants. This tool is included in the Cash Grain Management or can be purchased independently for $19 per month of $199 per year.
- provides weekly in-depth newsletters and daily market reports using outside expertise and proprietary data that is compiled into a curated view of the market. It gives national and global futures information and local basis comparisons farmers can use when making marketing plants. This tool is included in the Cash Grain Management or can be purchased independently for $19 per month of $199 per year. FBN Cash Grain Management - gives more than just market information for farmers who want a more hands-on approach. Farmers who use this service have access to a personal adviser that takes market intelligence and caters it to each specific farm operation. The adviser helps create marketing plans, execution plans and carryout sales for $2,000 annually—no acreage fee.
- gives more than just market information for farmers who want a more hands-on approach. Farmers who use this service have access to a personal adviser that takes market intelligence and caters it to each specific farm operation. The adviser helps create marketing plans, execution plans and carryout sales for $2,000 annually—no acreage fee. FBN Cash Contracts - essentially gives farmers the ability to see the market the same way elevators and other grain buyers see the market, which gives them more power in price making. The tool allows farmers to lock in value independent of location and relationships with buyers to get the best basis. Cost to farmers is based on what kind of contract they use. For example, HTA fees in corn run from $0.03 to $0.08 per bu.
- essentially gives farmers the ability to see the market the same way elevators and other grain buyers see the market, which gives them more power in price making. The tool allows farmers to lock in value independent of location and relationships with buyers to get the best basis. Cost to farmers is based on what kind of contract they use. For example, HTA fees in corn run from $0.03 to $0.08 per bu. FBN Brokerage- the company is investing resources, staff and data into its new accredited brokerage firm. It works just like any brokerage you might work with now, but at a different price point. For farmers who subscribe to Cash Grain Management it's $1.50 per side, for FBN members it's $5 per side and non-members pay $9 per side.
About 50% of FBN members used Profit Center, the company's first entry into crop marketing, this past year. FBN says it will continue to invest in crop marketing tools because it proves to be a constant pain point for farmers.
“We are still in the early chapters for FBN's grain marketing,” Lammers says. “We'll keep learning and listening to farmers and continue to vet business models that fit farmers. You can expect us to continue to launch more offerings.”
“The Republicans' ardor for investigations and oversight, on display throughout the Obama administration, has cooled off considerably with Donald Trump in the White House,” the AP reports.
“Each day seems to bring a new headache or near-crisis from Trump, the latest being the departure of his national security adviser under questionable circumstances involving Russia. Yet if there is a line too far, at which point Republicans will feel duty-bound to call for an independent investigation of their president or his administration, Trump hasn't crossed it yet.”
RENO COUNTY – A Kansas woman was injured in an accident just after 9a.m. on Monday in Reno County.
A vehicle driven by Jericah Ravenstein, Hutchinson, was traveling in the 5300 Block of North Plum, according to the Reno County Sheriff's Department.
The driver lost control of her car south of the roundabout intersection in the drizzle and fog.
The car slid sideways into the ditch before rolling over onto its top.
Ravenstein was not wearing her seat belt and was trapped inside the car.
EMS removed her from the car and transported her to Hutchinson Regional Medical center for further evaluation.
The Reno County Sheriff Office is continuing the investigation into the accident.
Trump (Photo: Andrew Harnik / AP)
In a much-anticipated decision, President Donald Trump kept his campaign promise by announcing recently that the United States will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement negotiated by 195 countries in December 2015. Under the agreement, the United States is required to cut its carbon-dioxide emissions 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025, and to provide billions of dollars in funding to the Green Climate Fund, which is administered by the United Nations.
The emission cuts required by the Paris agreement would have forced the closure of many of the least-expensive power plants nationwide over the next decade, raising energy prices at a time of tepid economic growth and sky-high deficits. The low energy prices created by America's low-cost, abundant coal, oil and natural gas and the growth of those and related industries was responsible for almost all the economic growth that occurred during the Obama years.
A study by NERA Economic Consulting cited by Trump in his announcement of the Paris pull-out estimated if the United States were to meet its carbon-dioxide emissions reduction obligations under the Paris climate agreement, it would cost the economy nearly $3 trillion, with the United States losing 6.5 million industrial jobs by 2040, including 3.1 million in the manufacturing sector.
Trump's withdrawal is good news for the auto industry and the communities dependent on it, as they would have likely been hit the hardest by the Paris agreement's mandates. Withdrawing from the Paris accord allows Trump to revise the motor-fuel efficiency standards imposed by the Obama administration that ratcheted up fuel-economy standards to levels that soon would make most U.S. automobiles — and most cars from around the world — either unaffordable or would force Americans to drive only the smallest of subcompact cars.
The powerful sedans, sports cars and SUVs produced in Detroit would be unable to meet the 54-mile-per-gallon standard imposed by Obama and would eventually become extinct, leaving consumers with less freedom to choose the vehicle that best fits their needs. Obama's costly federal fuel-economy standards shoehorn everyone into underpowered, small, less-safe vehicles.
When he pulled the United States out of the Paris agreement, Trump rightly noted the agreement was unfair to Americans, allowing major economic and/or geopolitical competitors such as China, India and Russia — all of which are among the world's largest greenhouse-gas emitters — to continue growing their emissions while the United States makes cuts, making their economies comparatively more attractive to investment.
The United States — which has through technological innovation reduced its greenhouse-gas emissions 12 percent since 2006, more than any other country — would under the Paris agreement have to continue cutting emissions. You heard that right: Under the Paris agreement, many of the countries that emit the largest amounts of greenhouse gasses get to keep growing their fossil-fuel use and spewing emissions while the United States, the country that has done the most to reduce emissions, is forced to restrict its energy use more and pay billions to the Green Climate Fund.
And what gain would we get for all this pain? Virtually nothing, as the Paris climate agreement would do little to prevent future warming. A 2016 Massachusetts Institute of Technology study shows if all member nations meet their Paris obligations, it would only reduce global temperature rise by less than 0.2 degrees Celsius by 2100. The U.N. Environment Programme (UNEP) also found the treaty would have a negligible impact on climate change. A 2016 UNEP report showed even if all the parties to the agreement meet their promised emissions targets, the Paris agreement will result in less than half the greenhouse-gas cuts required to halt global temperature at an upper limit of 2 degrees C.
Leadership requires doing what's right even when the majority disagrees. Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris accord displayed true leadership. Trump chose not to follow climate lemmings off the cliff to long-term economic decline, standing alone among the world's leaders as the one-person brave enough to call the accord what it truly is: harmful and ineffective.
The Paris climate agreement has never been about protecting the environment; it is an economic treaty aimed at transferring wealth from the poor and working class in developed countries to well-off international bureaucrats and corrupt leaders in developing countries.
Trump is a breath of fresh air in the White House, a president whose primary mission is to promote Americans' interests and aspirations for a better life. Au revoir, Paris, and good riddance to a bad treaty.
H. Sterling Burnett, Ph.D. is a research fellow on energy and the environment at The Heartland Institute.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sr8aHo
Rawalpindi
A trade delegation of Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (RCCI) led by President Zahid Latif Khan called on Azerbaijan's Minister of Culture and Tourism Abulfaz Garayev in Baku.
Ambassador Said Khan Mohmand and former Senior Vice President RCCI Rashid Waien were also present on the occasion, said an RCCI press released here Saturday.
On this occasion, Minister Abulfaz Garayev briefed RCCI delegation on Azerbaijan's tourism potential, recent work on tourism development and about projects to be implemented in future.
Speaking about the decree signed by the President of Azerbaijan on the application of visas through the “ASAN VISA” system at the international airports of our country, Abulfaz Garayev said that this decree was one of the next important steps towards the development of tourism.
In addition, the minister said that last year about 2 million tourists visited the country by 20%.
Pakistani Ambassador Said Khan Mohmand informed the businessmen and heads of major business organizations of Pakistan about the business opportunities. He expressed his desire to make a great contribution to Azerbaijan's tourism sector.
RCCI chief Zahid Latif Khan, briefed the Azerbaijan's minister about the RCCI 31st International Achievement Award and Business Opportunities Conference, to be held in Baku on July 4-5, 2018.—APP
TAMPA, FL - DECEMBER 10: Head coach Jim Caldwell of the Detroit Lions looks on against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the third quarter of a game at Raymond James Stadium on December 10, 2017 in Tampa, Florida. The Lions won 24-21. (Photo by Joe Robbins/Getty Images)
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
All of this is true. Jim Caldwell has a 34-27 record with Lions. He's the team's most successful head coach in terms of winning percentage in the Super Bowl era. He's taken the Lions to the playoffs in two of the past three seasons, something only five other NFC coaches can claim.
Also true is this: In four years with the Lions, Caldwell hardly has any wins of note.
On Sunday versus a bad Buccaneers team, the Lions blew a 21-7 lead before winning by the skin of their teeth on a last-minute field goal by Matt Prater. Some fans called the victory “embarrassing.” Others called it “awful.” Truth is it was neither, and NFL teams should never “apologize” for winning a game. But it certainly wasn't impressive.
I think the biggest takeaway from today is that the Lions needed 5 turnovers to beat an awful 4-8 team with a game-winning field goal. Hate to be negative, especially when we win but that was another terribly coached game. — Lions Daily (@CatchLikeCalvin) December 10, 2017
That's the norm when sifting through Caldwell's wins with the Lions. Start making a list of those that stand out, and the exercise ends very quickly.
Let's start in 2014. The Lions beat the Packers 19-7 at home in Week 3. The Packers went on to finish 12-4. Versus teams that finished with a winning record that year, the Lions went 1-5 including the playoffs. They deserve credit for taking care of business versus the Giants in Week 1, the Bears in Week 13 and the Buccs in Week 14, beating all three teams by more than two scores.
In 2015, the Lions beat the Packers 18-16 on the road in Week 10. The Packers finished 10-6. Versus teams that finished with a winning record, the Lions went 1-8. Their most dominant performance that year came on Thanksgiving when they hammered a bad Eagles team 45-14.
In 2016, the Lions beat the Redskins 20-17 at home in Week 7. The Redskins finished 8-7-1. Versus teams that finished with a winning record, the Lions went 1-7 including the playoffs. Their most convincing win of the season came against a bad Saints team on the road in Week 13.
This year, the Lions beat the Vikings 14-7 on the road in Week 3. The Vikings are 10-3 and look like a lock to win the NFC North. Detroit also took care of business versus the Aaron Rodgers-less Packers on the road in Week 9.
Let's define a noteworthy win as one that comes against a winning team. In nearly four full seasons, Caldwell has five noteworthy wins. Versus winning teams, the Lions are 5-26 under his watch.
Let's define a convincing win as one in which a fan can look away in the fourth quarter without having to sweat the outcome. In nearly four full seasons, Caldwell has six convincing wins.
It's why a large portion of the Lions fanbase is reluctant to keep Caldwell around, despite his unprecedented success. Very rarely do his teams perform in a way that inspires confidence. Sunday was just the latest example.
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2020 Mercedes-Benz GLB spy shots - Image via S. Baldauf/SB-Medien Enlarge Photo
Mercedes-Benz is developing a new crossover SUV to sit between the GLA and GLC, the so-called GLB.
The vehicle has been spotted in the wild, with prototypes suggesting a boxy shape similar to the original GLK will feature on the GLB. This should provide a strong level of differentiation between the GLB and the sportier, more hatchback-like GLA.
Automotive News (subscription required), citing a number of dealer sources, reported Monday that Mercedes presented the GLB to dealers in the United States earlier this month. The sources said the vehicle is expected here in the second half of 2019 as a 2020 model.
2019 Mercedes-Benz A-Class L Enlarge Photo
If accurate, the GLB would trail the new A-Class sedan's arrival in the U.S. by about a year. The A-Class sedan made its debut in April at the 2018 Beijing auto show. For the U.S. market, both vehicles are expected to be built at the plant in Aguascalientes, Mexico that Mercedes shares with Infiniti.
The standard powertrain for both should be a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-4 delivering about 224 horsepower to the front wheels via a seven-speed dual-clutch transmission. The AMG skunk works will likely offer its own tuned versions with extra poke, plus standard all-wheel drive.
Underpinning the vehicles is an updated version of Mercedes' MFA (Modular Front-drive Architecture) compact car platform, which debuted this year in a redesigned A-Class hatchback. Mercedes' U.S. chief Dietmar Exler confirmed to Automotive News that the A-Class hatch won't join its sedan cousin in showrooms here.
August 18, 2017 at 8pm to August 19, 2017 at 12:30am – Manny's On Second
WHAT - "Sizzler " Concert with performances by Bruse Wane and other artist and guest appearances. A night of Hip Hop, Partying & Networking. Advanc…
Organized by top Of The Game & Music Merchant | Type: hip, hop, concert
ISLAMABAD, Apr 24 (APP):The Karachi Timber Manufacturing Group delegation called on the Minister of State for Finance Rana Muhammad Afzal Khan here Tuesday and discussed matters of mutual interests.
The delegation was led by the General Secretary of the group, Mukhtar Dosani, a statement said here today.
Members of the delegation discussed with the Minister matters regarding duties and taxes on import of Medium Density Fireboard (MDF). They also shared with the Minister proposals that would help the commercial importers of MDF which is eventually supplied to small workshops, carpenters and value addition industry.
The Minister said that the proposals will be discussed in detail with the Revenue Division and accorded due consideration.
Other members of the delegation were Mr. Mushtaq Vali Muhammad and Mr.Saeed A. Basathia.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd:
* SAYS ANNOUNCEMENT OF LAUNCH OF TETRABENAZINE TABLETS IN U.S. MARKET Source text - bit.ly/2GH4t5d Further company coverage:
(Reuters) - Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said on Saturday he has no control over whether Philippe Coutinho will stay at the club or move to Barcelona.
Coutinho emailed a transfer request to the club on Friday after Liverpool's owners, Fenway Sports Group, issued a strongly worded statement saying the midfielder would not be sold in the transfer window.
Barcelona have had two bids rejected by Liverpool for Coutinho, who is keen to move to Spain, according to British media reports.
Coutinho missed Liverpool's 3-3 draw with Watford on Saturday.
Asked about the Brazilian's situation, Klopp said: "As a manager of a football club, I have bosses that decide, for example, just in general, if we sell a player or we don't sell him. Then I have to accept it.
"If they don't sell him, then I am not involved any more. I'm responsible for all of our players, not just one or two or three, but all of them.
"I can't say anything about it, the only thing is I work with the players I have. That's what I'm always doing."
The German said he did not think Coutinho's transfer request changes his situation.
"I don't think (it changes anything). It was pretty clear what the club said about it. That's all," he said.
"You have to ask the club. I don't make the decision. I didn't see the club insiders today. You have to ask them."
Asked if Coutinho had let down his teammates with his request, Klopp said: "I am not part of the discussion with the group."
Klopp has already said that Coutinho will not be fit for Liverpool's Champions League qualifier in Hoffenheim on Tuesday.
MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) has come up with a way to fill those few seconds of waiting everyone experiences while their social media apps load, or their phone connects to WiFi. It may not seem like much, but filling these gaps can can a significant aggregate effect, given how much time we spend on our devices. To fill this time with productive learning opportunities, CSAIL came up with WaitSuite, a collection of apps that work on desktop or mobile, offering up educational micro-moments where you can brush up on second language vocab skills and more in the time between everything else.
MIT's work here isn't unprecedented: They cite apps like Duolingo that already offer up short-term learning opportunities tied to devices like smartphones that we have with us everywhere. WaitSuite targets even more fleeting moments, like while you're waiting for your phone or computer to connect to a WiFi network, or while you're waiting for someone to text you back. WaitSuite also covers the time spent fetching emails, waiting for an elevator to arrive, and waiting for various kinds of content to load on your phone.
The system is simple, and basically presents you with a vocabulary word to translate, with a simple text entry field. This could be repurposed to learn specific lingo for various fields of study and work, or for SAT prep and more, but language learning was an easy target because of the flash card-like experience.
The system also automatically detects if your device is looking for a WiFi connection, or if your phone can detect Bluetooth iBeacons that indicate you're near an elevator, and the automatic nature is key – users don't have to think about what app to open, it's presented instantly, letting them direct their full attention to that learning task for the few seconds they typically have to wait during these activities.
A side benefit of the apps was that users still paid attention to their original task: When they fill these moments with things like browsing social media, they tend to get lost in that secondary activity, but with these quick learning moments, they return their attention more fully to what they were doing in the first place.
It's a very cool feature, and one that would make a lot more sense as an OS-level option. It's hard to see how this would work more broadly in a consumer-focused application, but it's still very interesting research that could definitely make for some cool products down the line. Check it out for yourself here if you're interested.
Lena Dunham is obviously comfortable with her body. The actress has been nude in her HBO series, Girls. So, it shouldn't come as a shock when the actress showed some skin various times during the holidays. However, it's not every day when the actress takes a sexy selfie. In honor of the new year, Dunham decided to show off some serious cleavage in her lingerie just in time for New Year's Day. She decided to ring in the New Year with a new selfie and a promise for designers to focus on “real bodies,” no matter what their size. Resolution: in 2017 when divorcing couples cite irreconcilable differences it'll just be code for ME ????(but seriously: woman designers for real bodies of every size til forever, tap for credits) A photo posted by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Jan 1, 2017 at 9:09pm PST In the photo, seen above, Lena wears an off-white sweater with an exposed neckline that shows off her floral print bra. Her hair was pulled back in a ponytail, as she showed off her glittery earrings and rings, reports the Daily Mail. In an attempt to take the mirror selfie, Lena's mouth was slightly open. “Resolution: in 2017 when divorcing couples cite irreconcilable differences it'll just be code for ME,” she began her caption. Lena Dunham has always been comfortable with her own body. [Image by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images] The Girls creator then added, “(but seriously: woman designers for real bodies of every size til forever, tap for credits).” Dunham tagged Lonely Lingerie for her bra, A.L.C. for her blouse, and Pamela Love for her earrings. On Sunday, January 1, she posted a photo of lined paper that read, “1/1/17 You're your best, #1 protector.” She simply captioned the photo “wishes & hopes.” wishes & hopes A photo posted by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Jan 1, 2017 at 7:47am PST This lingerie-clad photo comes after Lena celebrated a “mermaid Christmas.” The 30-year-old was seen posting topless on a beach in a sparkly blue mermaid tail, reports People. “And then she got her holiday wish aka her lifelong wish… we wish you a mermaid Christmas,” the actress captioned the odd photo of herself covering up her breasts as she looked washed up on shore. And then she got her holiday wish aka her lifelong wish… we wish you a mermaid Christmas ???? A photo posted by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Dec 24, 2016 at 8:20pm PST She appeared to be in high spirits after the controversial comment she made about abortion that ignited social media backlash last month. Dunham was under fire after she revealed on her Woman of the Hour podcast that she wished she had an abortion. Listeners quickly took to social media to slam Dunham and her comments. “Something I've thought about a lot is the fact that there is stigma around abortion,” she said in her December 14 podcast. She then recalled a time years ago when a young girl from Planned Parenthood asked her to take on a project where women share their stories of abortion. “I sort of jumped. ‘I haven't had an abortion,' I told her. I wanted to make it really clear to her that as much as I was going out and fighting for other women's options, I myself had never had an abortion. Even I, the woman who cares as much as anybody about a woman's right to choose, felt it was important that people know I was unblemished in this department. Now I can say that I still haven't had an abortion, but I wish I had.” Lena issued an apology via Instagram, writing that her comment stemmed from a “delusional girl” who “careens between wisdom and ignorance” and that she takes complete and total blame for it. “I truly hope a distasteful joke on my part won't diminish the amazing work of all the women who participated,” she wrote. Lena Dunham received backlash for her insensitive comments about abortion last month. [Image by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for Reebok] “I would never, ever intentionally trivialize the emotional and physical challenges of terminating a pregnancy. My only goal is to increase awareness and decrease stigma. I take reproductive choice in America more seriously than I take literally anything else, and therefore own full responsibility for any words I speak that don't convey this truth clearly,” she added. [Featured Image by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Jan 30 (Reuters) - Fibria Celulose SA:
* BRAZIL WOOD PULP PRODUCER FIBRIA SEES PULP PRICES RISING, NO SIGN OF DECLINE IN Q1 -EXECUTIVE
* FIBRIA EXECUTIVE SAYS CO IS FAVORABLE TO CONSOLIDATION IN BRAZIL‘S PULP SECTOR
* FIBRIA EXECUTIVE SAYS CO AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS KNOW NOTHING OF REPORTED NEGOTIATIONS WITH PAPER EXCELLENCE
* FIBRIA EXECUTIVE SAYS GLOBAL PULP DEMAND IS STRONGER THAN NORMAL AHEAD OF CHINESE NEW YEAR
* FIBRIA EXECUTIVE SAYS CO WANTS TO PARTICIPATE IN CONSOLIDATION OF BRAZIL‘S PULP SECTOR WHENEVER IT COMES
* FIBRIA EXECUTIVE SAYS VALUATION OF ELDORADO IN PAPER EXCELLENCE ACQUISITION WOULD BE A DEALBREAKER IN ANY TIE-UP TALKS
* FIBRIA INDEBTEDNESS LIKELY TO FALL OVER THE COURSE OF 2018 -CFO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Brad Haynes and Alberto Alerigi Jr.)
MORE than two million breath tests are set to be put under the microscope by WA police.
It follows revelations Victorian officers have been fudging their numbers to look more productive.
Police say they don't believe WA officers have done the same thing but the agency will audit every breath test carried out in the past year to be sure.
In Victoria, 1500 devices and 17.7 million tests conducted over five years were reviewed.
It found 258,000 tests had been falsified.
It is believed the fake tests were largely made by general duties and highway patrol officers, particularly in rural areas.
Officers were placing a finger over the straw entry hole of breath testing equipment, or blowing into the straw themselves.
Acting WA Police Commissioner Stephen Brown said he believed Victorian officers possibly fudged the figures because they were under pressure to meet unrealistic quotas.
In WA, the target is 1.8 million breath tests a year which amounts to one for every registered driver in the state.
"I can tell you that in the last two years we've been achieving between 2.1 and 2.2 million, so we're not under any pressure to actually meet the targets," Mr Brown said.
New Delhi: Some of us may have come across probiotic yogurts and probiotic milk. Few fitness freaks may have been taking probiotic
supplements whereas some of the adventurous health-loving foodies may have even sampled probiotic chocolate.
And now, it's time for probiotic water to join the league of things that are essential for our day-to-day life.
Here's a quick refresher course in probiotics:
- It returns the good bacteria to your guts
- They are high in nutrients and probiotics and are incredibly beneficial for digestion and gut health
- The probiotic and lauric acid in kefir improves our digestive health and fight digestive issues like constipation, diarrhea, gastrointestinal infections, worms, viruses and more
- It strengthens our immune system, and might even improve the skin
Probiotics occur naturally in yogurt and some fermented foods, however, it's a little different when it comes to drinks. Both probiotic soda and probiotic water start with water kefir grains. And here, by grains it means, they are a combo of bacteria and yeast.
'Kefir' originated from parts of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia. The name is derived from the Turkish word 'keyif', which means 'feeling good' after eating.
At home, these grains create the beverage water 'kefir' or the probiotic water as well as a sparkling beverage - sometimes called probiotic soda.
- The live microorganisms present in kefir help promote the immune system to natural suppress allergic reactions and aid in changing the body's response to the systematic outbreak points for allergies
- Kefir healthy bacteria play a large anti-carcinogenic role inside the body, making it a potential cancer-fighting food
Event season is year-round in Los Angeles and New York City. Creative design and state-of-the-art infrastructure combine at these new or updated venues and private dining rooms in Los Angeles and New York. These are glam, of-the-moment options for showbiz event planners.
LOS ANGELES
Beverly Hills Hangout: Citizen (pictured Top)
Citizen's vibe is low-key but haute enough for the button-downed crowd when they want to unwind. The glass-walled front patio can host up to 50 for cocktails. Cuisine is new American with a Southern accent by chef Scott Howard; bar maestro Josh Goldman developed the cocktail program. Imagine Entertainment and Norman Lear took over the bar for 2016 holiday gatherings.
184 N. Canon Dr., Beverly Hills, Citizenbeverlyhills.com
Freshly sharpened: CUT Lounge
Up to 60 seated guests and 100 for receptions can take over Cut Lounge's refurbished space at the Beverly Wilshire, a Four Seasons Hotel. Interior designer Waldo Fernandez opted for a neutral color palette; Mid-Century style couches and other furnishings complete the posh look. A glass and steel door now separates the lounge from the hotel's bustling entrance.
9500 Wilshire Blvd., Beverly Hills, wolfgangpuck.com
Courtesy of ryan forbes/avablu
Above It All: Dream Hollywood
Think Hollywood Hills aerie when considering the Dream Hollywood's rooftop. Citywide and hillside views, retractable pool cover and space for 600 people means the indoor/outdoor Highlight Room will be in high demand once the 179-room hotel opens. The flexible layout will feature the latest tech including a state-of-the-art sound system and enough power for live music perfs.
6417 Selma Ave., Dreamhotels.com/hollywood
Secret Screen: Estrella
Hidden from the street, the 45-seat theater is accessed through Estrella restaurant on the Sunset Strip. Tech is top-of-the-line 4K projection augmented by 7.1 Dolby surround sound. Chef Dakota Weiss can be called upon for her sweet and savory gourmet popcorn or more elaborate menus for pre-or-post screening fetes in the theater's reception space.
8800 Sunset Blvd., West Hollywood, estrellasunset.com
Vegans Matter: Matthew Kenney NM
Matthew Kenney champions plant-based cuisine. Find his latest vegan eatery within the Beverly Hills Neiman Marcus. It's available for cocktail parties for up to 30 after 6 p.m. Juices, smoothies and locally sourced veggies are on the lunch menu, served in a café-style setting.
9700 Wilshire Blvd., Beverly Hills, matthewkenneycuisine.com
Contempo Italian: Nerano
The plush BG Lounge upstairs at Nerano has its own private entrance and can welcome up to 40. Located at the border of Beverly Hills, the recently opened restaurant and bar comes from the Toscana Restaurant Group's Andy and Carlo Brandon-Gordon. Specialties include whisper-thin crusted pizza and seafood dishes inspired by the cuisine of Italy's Amalfi coast.
9960 Santa Monica Blvd., Beverly Hills, neranobh.com
High-end Japanese: Roku's Sake Cave
Off the main dining room, Roku West Hollywood's brick-lined Sake Cave can seat up to 50 or hold 75 for a standing reception. Drink premium Japanese sake and devour sashimi-laden seafood towers at this Sunset Strip hot spot across from BOA and the Soho House. Group dining menus offer several multi-course options.
9201 W. Sunset Blvd., West Hollywood, innovativedining.com
Courtesy of dustin downing
Tiki Paradise: Pacific Seas
Ukulele-playing mermaids are not out of place at downtown L.A.'s retro-themed Tiki bar Pacific Seas deep inside Clifton's. A vintage wood cruiser is moored permanently in the center of the astutely art directed South Seas fantasyland. Rum is the featured spirit; mermaids available for all events. Up to 249 can hide-away within the rattan covered walls.
648 S. Broadway, Los Angeles, Cliftonsla.com
Tuned In: The Peppermint Club
The Hollywood group's nightlife impresarios John Terzian and Brian Toll partnered with Interscope Records to open the acoustically divine Peppermint Club in West Hollywood. Within the 2,000-ft. space, designed by Built Inc.'s John Sofio, sound is enhanced via cork-tiled ceilings and cork-lined walls. Seating is plush with a stage for live performances and a sound system intended for the most exclusive listening parties and other music minded events.
8713 Beverly Blvd., West Hollywood, hwoodgroup.com/thepeppermintclub
Private Quarters: Redbird
There are five newly refurbished and versatile private dining rooms above Redbird, chef Neal Fraser's upscale eatery in downtown Los Angeles. The restaurant occupies the historic former cathedral rectory (priest and cardinal's house) at Vibiana, now in-demand for post Emmy and Grammy gatherings. The art-tiled East Room with patio has a spiffy JennAir demonstration kitchen, a 65” HD-TV and a Sonos sound system. There's space for 70 guests standing or 30 for a seated chef's table dinner.
114 E. Second St., Los Angeles, redbird.la
NEW YORK CITY
Courtesy of bill brokaw
Multi-Levels Midtown: Bill's Townhouse
This period-perfect multi-level bar and restaurant makes use of all its century-old floors and history. The ground level tavern is a former speakeasy; the second floor dining room boasts richly hued walls and framed etchings; and the third floor parlour has richly hued mahogany panels and a 22-seat private dining room. The entire house is available for complete buyouts.
57 E. 54th St., New York, billstownhouse.com
Courtesy of eric laignel
Eco-friendly: 1 Hotel Central Park
The social spaces at the 1 Hotel Central Park are flush with hanging plants, other greenery and Central Park views. The reclaimed wood and natural finishes bring a touch of nature to the heart of the city. Event menus are from chef Jonathan Waxman of Jams and Waxman's San Francisco. The eco-minded attitude extends to guest rooms where waterfall showers and organic materials are a soothing antidote to the city's concrete.
1414 Avenue of the Americas, New York, 1hotels.com/central-park
Party city: Whitney Museum of American Art
Set in the Meatpacking District, the Whitney Museum of American Art's contemporary showpiece was designed by Renzo Piano, BCAM at LACMA's architect. Event settings range from the 6,200 square foot lobby with view-rich floor-to-ceiling windows (capacity 450) to the flexible third floor theater complex (up to 170 guests) while the eighth floor rooftop terrace is a stunning indoor/outdoor option. Catering exclusively by Danny Meyer's Union Square Events.
99 Gansevoort St., New York, whitney.org
By Dr Subhash Chandra
On August 9, 2017 we celebrated 75 years of ‘Bharat Chhodo' call by Gandhi-ji. We also passed a unanimous resolution in the Upper House of Parliament which stated that we express and put on record our gratitude to the lakhs of people who gave their lives for freedom and also to those thousands who led the Freedom Movement. It further said that we make a pledge towards creating a Secular, Clean, Poverty-Free India in the coming time.
I was sitting and watching the Honourable Members speaking on the proposed resolution. Most were speaking as per the ideology/belief of their respective political parties. They also registered their grave concerns on today's political situation, often indulging in party rhetoric. Some even reminded the august House as to how elders in their own families participated in the freedom struggle.
Hardly anyone remembered the sacrifices made by people like Bhagat Singh, Azad and many more. Also no one showed any concern towards the current situation. It seems each one of us (not only those present in the House, but in society at large) has become self-centred, no one thinks of the country, let alone make any sacrifice as made by those remembered. Today each and every one of us asks a question: Mujhe is me kya milega, ya mera kya faida hoga? Yeh mera kaam nahin hai, mein kyun apni jaan jokhim mein daalu, ityaadi ityaadi (What will I gain out of this? This is not my job, why should I put my life at risk, etc etc).
Do we remember that those who got us freedom never ever asked “why should I make this sacrifice?”
My congratulations to all my fellow countrymen on this 70th Independence Day. May God make all of us happy, healthy and prosperous. But I want to warn all, including my own family members, against a different kind of “slavery” we are going to have, and that is SELFISHNESS. We are heading towards self-appeasement, and that is going to make all of us ‘sick' in a different way. And more than anything else, it will make us a very unhappy society.
Let us work towards the India of our dreams. Independent India may be a 70-year-old now, but in the comity of world's nations she has just attained youth. And in youth I strongly believe - I think out of every thousand kids, two are prodigies. These two may be from a small village in Haryana or Telangana, deprived of all opportunities in life, barred from options that a Delhi or Mumbai-bred would get — yet smiling and braving the winds of adversity. They symbolise my idea of India — smiling, brave and facing every season of destiny with determination and dutifulness.
A ‘country' can never be a ‘nation' in the true sense unless there is a sense of belonging entrenched in its citizens. For the 1.25 billion of us, being Indian should be our first Dharma and our Nation the biggest temple.
As India celebrates its 70th Independence Day, we must resolve to put an end to the conflict between majoritarianism and minoritarianism. There are a lot of bright spots that can take India to the top, but one social issue that needs to be tackled is the conflict between the majority and the minority.
I have a strong belief: If a nation's majority is made to feel insecure (in our case, due to parliamentary democracy, we do this all the time), then that nation's minority can never be secure.
The key to this, in my view, lies in developing an economy which is all-inclusive: Let us develop a nation where there is no gap between demand and supply, let us develop a society which is based on trust and faith rather than mistrust and insecurity. I do believe that the FITTEST SHOULD SURVIVE in a competitive environment, but at the same time 1% of the population cornering 70% of the wealth, including next 9% or say top 10% population taking away 91% of wealth (data of 2000-2015) is not acceptable and speaks of connivance among the four pillars of society. This is result of widespread corruption in society. To my mind corruption is not only by way of bribery, but it is also triggered off when you and I and all of us waste our time, when we say “Chalta Hai”, when we say “Mujhe Kya” and so on.
Let us join our Prime Minister and take the pledge as advised by him and help him achieve what he has set out to achieve. My belief is that he alone cannot achieve even 5% of what he wants to. Each one of us will have to look through the lenses of these pledges and then compare our actions against these. If our actions are going in the opposite direction, then we will have to sacrifice our interests. We will have to sacrifice our wealth and much more.
Let us learn to understand our responsibilities (kartavya) rather than just demand our rights.
Let us follow the footsteps of our ancestors who, while performing their duties towards their nation, did not ask: “Why should I?”
Happy Independence Day
Jai Hind-Jai Bharat
Vande Mataram
(The author is Rajya Sabha Member and Chairman of Essel Group)
(Reuters) - Cleanaway Waste Management (CWY.AX) said on Monday it would buy smaller rival Tox Free Solutions (TOX.AX) for A$3.425 per share in cash, valuing Tox at A$671 million ($503.72 million) on a diluted basis.
The Cleanaway offer is at a 20.6 percent premium to Tox's closing level on Friday of A$2.84.
Under the deal, Tox shareholders will be entitled to receive an interim dividend of A$0.05 per share in fiscal 2018, and Tox expects to declare and pay a fully franked special dividend on or shortly before the implementation of the deal.
In a separate statement, directors of Tox said they unanimously recommended that shareholders vote in favor of the Cleanaway offer.
“The transaction is expected to deliver approximately A$35 million in annual synergies and be strongly accretive for earnings per share and free cash flow per share when integration is complete,” said Cleanaway Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director Vik Bansal.
To fund the acquisition, Cleanaway said it would launch an A$590 million entitlement offers, offering one new share for every 3.65 existing shares held, at A$1.35 per new share.
($1 = 1.3321 Australian dollars)
Mayor Karen Weaver should be allowed to remain the face of Flint in the poisoned water crisis, Thompson writes. (Photo: Jake May / AP)
Flint went through a lot during the lead-poisoned water crisis. Some wept while others shook their heads in disbelief, asking how such a thing could happen in America?
The city that was devastated by the fact that children and families were exposed to lead-contaminated water for 18 months would be expected to focus all of its efforts right now on the recovery. And that all of its leaders at city hall would hunker down and show a united front in demanding the appropriate measures from the state that would ensure the recovery continues.
But that is not what is happening. Instead, there is a movement to recall Mayor Karen Weaver, who has been a steady, compassionate and meticulous hand throughout the crisis.
The source of the funding behind this recall effort remains a mystery but the public face of it is Arthur Woodson, a Flint resident upset about a waste collection contract that Weaver signed with Rizzo Environmental Services. The mayor has not been accused of doing anything illegal relating to the contract.
Woodson has collected more than enough signatures to qualify for the November ballot, but questions are now being raised about the validity of some signatures.
Weaver, who is not a career politician and was a clinical psychologist before she was elected to the job three years ago, has been the face of Flint since the crisis.
Despite the mounting problems in Flint's recovery, Weaver has maintained a calm but strong posture with an understanding that the problems won't be solved overnight. She has ruffled feathers with Gov. Rick Snyder's office over issues in Flint — as would be expected — but she hasn't relinquished her city's demand for the state not to walk away.
“My goal is, and has always been, to do what is in the best interests of the citizens and the city of Flint. I will continue to fight for the people of Flint and do my job for the people of Flint, and do my job as I have been since being elected,” Weaver said after the recall language was approved.
Recalling Weaver is equivalent to changing the captain of a ship in the middle of a stormy sea. That is not a forward-thinking approach, especially absent any egregious action by the mayor.
While residents reserve the right to recall their elected leaders, those who may be drawn to take part in this particular effort should redirect that energy to demand more aid for Flint.
The crisis like the one that took place should bring that community together under one banner, not create division.
Yes, politics is a dirty game, and Weaver is learning that it can also be a thankless job.
“This recall effort is terrible. It is the worst thing that could happen in our community right now. I think it needs to stop and some people need to allow the mayor to continue to lead us through this crisis that residents are going through no fault of their own,” said the Rev. Allen Overton, spokesman for the Concerned Pastors for Social Action in Flint.
“The garbage contract that they are talking about in this recall, the mayor helped the residents of Flint by saving them $4 million because she bid it out.”
Weaver has two more years before she is up for re-election unless the recall cuts that short. We should be looking to Flint as an example of how the city responded to the challenges of the water crisis, not as an example of political division that disadvantages the city and its residents.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w4lvre
BEIRUT (Reuters) - President Bashar al-Assad said the United States should learn the lesson of Iraq and withdraw from Syria, and promised to recover areas of the country held by U.S.-backed militias through negotiations or force.
Syria's President Bashar al Assad gestures during an interview with a Greek newspaper in Damascus, Syria in this handout released May 10, 2018. SANA/Handout via Reuters
In an interview with Russia Today, Assad said the government had “started now opening doors for negotiations” with the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a Kurdish dominated militia alliance that controls parts of northern and eastern Syria where U.S. forces are stationed.
“This is the first option. If not, we're going to resort to ... liberating those areas by force. We don't have any other options, with the Americans or without the Americans,” he said. “The Americans should leave, somehow they're going to leave”.
“They came to Iraq with no legal basis, and look what happened to them. They have to learn the lesson. Iraq is no exception, and Syria is no exception. People will not accept foreigners in this region anymore,” he said.
Responding to U.S. President Donald Trump's description of him as “Animal Assad”, the Syrian leader said: “What you say is what you are”. Trump called Assad an animal after a suspected poison gas attack on a rebel-held town near Damascus in April.
Assad reiterated the government's denial that it carried out the attack in the eastern Ghouta town of Douma, saying that the government did not have chemical weapons and it would not have been in its interest to carry out such a strike.
The Douma attack triggered missile strikes on Syria by the United States, Britain and France which they said targeted Assad's chemical weapons programme.
Assad has recovered swathes of Syrian territory with military backing from Russia and Iran and is now militarily unassailable in the conflict that began in 2011.
Large areas however remain outside his control at the borders with Iraq, Turkey and Jordan. These include the SDF-held parts of the north and east, and chunks of territory held by rebel forces in the northwest and southwest.
Israel, which is deeply alarmed by Tehran's influence in Syria, earlier this month said it destroyed dozens of Iranian military sites in Syria, after Iranian forces fired rockets at Israeli-held territory for the first time.
Iran-backed militias including Lebanon's Hezbollah have played a big role in support of Assad during the conflict. Iran's Revolutionary Guards have also deployed in the country.
Assad said Iran's presence in Syria was limited to officers who were assisting the Syrian army. Assad, apparently referring to the May 10 attack, by Israel said “we had tens of Syrian martyrs and wounded soldiers, not a single Iranian” casualty.
Asked if there was anything Syria could do to stop Israeli air strikes, Assad said: “The only option is to improve our air defence, this is the only thing we can do, and we are doing that”. He said that Syria's air defences were now much stronger than before thanks to Russia.
TEMPE, Ariz./SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A woman crossing a street was killed by an Uber self-driving sport utility vehicle in Arizona, police said on Monday, prompting the ride services company to suspend its autonomous vehicle program.
A self driving Volvo vehicle, purchased by Uber, moves through an intersection in Scottsdale, Arizona, U.S., December 1, 2017. REUTERS/Natalie Behring/Files
The accident in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe dealt a potential blow not only to Uber's strategy but the eventual rollout of robot cars on public roads.
It was the first fatality from a self-driving vehicle, which are being tested around the globe in a high-profile race by global automakers and tech companies expecting that autonomous vehicles will transform transportation and the ride services business.
The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel at the time of the accident, which occurred overnight Sunday to Monday, Tempe police said.
“The vehicle was travelling northbound ... when a female walking outside of the crosswalk crossed the road from west to east when she was struck by the Uber vehicle,” police said in a statement.
Police identified the victim as Elaine Herzberg, 49. Herzberg later died from her injuries in a hospital, police said.
Local television footage of the scene showed a crumpled bike and a Volvo XC90 SUV with a smashed-in front.
Tempe is 11 miles (18 km) east of Phoenix.
An Uber Technologies Inc spokesman said the company was suspending North American tests of its self-driving vehicles. In a tweet, Uber expressed its condolences and said the San Francisco-based company was fully cooperating with authorities.
Volvo confirmed the vehicle was a Volvo XC90, which Uber has been using special versions of in its testing. Russell Datz, a spokesman for the automaker, said the autonomous technology was not made by Volvo.
The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) said they were sending teams to investigate the crash. NHTSA also said it was in contact with Volvo. The Swedish car brand is owned by China's Geely.
In Canada, the Ministry of Transportation in Canada's Ontario province, which is overseeing Uber's on-road autonomous testing in Toronto, said it was reviewing the accident.
On Friday, Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) self-driving unit Waymo and Uber urged Congress to pass sweeping legislation to speed the introduction of self-driving cars into the United States. Some congressional Democrats have blocked the legislation over safety concerns, and Monday's fatality could hamper the quick passage of the bill, congressional aides said Monday.
A man arrives at the Uber offices in Queens, New York, U.S. on February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/Files
“This is a wake-up call to the entire AV industry and government to put a high priority on safety,” tweeted former U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx.
Senator John Thune, who heads the Senate Commerce Committee, and has been urging Congress to pass sweeping legislation to speed self-driving cars to U.S. roads, said in a statement the accident “underscores the need to adopt laws and policies tailored for self-driving vehicles.”
“Congress should act to update rules, direct manufacturers to address safety requirements, and enhance the technical expertise of regulators,” Thune said.
Fallout from the crash “will likely prove negative for all automakers and suppliers with aspirations in autonomous driving, Buckingham Research Group analyst Glenn Chin wrote in a client note. “A human fatality is likely to spur increased public and regulatory scrutiny of AVs around a process that is admittedly quite lax in the U.S.”
Arizona has opened its arms to companies testing self-driving vehicles as a means to economic growth and jobs. Republican Governor Doug Ducey signed an executive order in 2015 allowing for the testing of such vehicles on Arizona streets and reached out to Uber a year later after California regulators cracked down on the company over its failure to obtain testing permits.
ESSENTIAL TO UBER'S SUCCESS
Uber is one of many technology companies and automakers, including Waymo and General Motors Co's (GM.N) Cruise division, racing to ready self-driving cars for public use in coming years.
Uber has said its ability to build autonomous cars is essential to its success in the rapidly changing transportation industry. The company envisions a network of autonomous cars that would be summoned through the Uber app that would supplement - and eventually replace - human-driven cars.
Uber has logged 2 million self-driving miles through December. The company has more than 100 autonomous cars testing on the roads of the greater Phoenix area, the company's prime testing ground due to the state's loose regulations and hospitable weather. Rain, snow and ice are particularly challenging for autonomous cars.
Concerns over the safety of autonomous vehicles flared after a July 2016 fatality involving a Tesla Inc automobile (TSLA.O). The car involved in that accident featured a partially autonomous system that required human supervision. Uber's vehicle, on the other hand, is considered a full self-driving vehicle where a human is not needed at the wheel.
Safety regulators later determined Tesla was not at fault in that accident.
Even when not regulated by state law, companies testing autonomous vehicles still sometimes place a driver at the wheel to monitor the car and take over in case of need.
Uber has weathered a series of crises, including sexual harassment claims, controversy over its use of a tracking tool to avoid government officials, and a high-profile lawsuit brought by competitor Waymo alleging theft of self-driving trade secrets. It settled that lawsuit last month, with Uber paying $245 million of its own shares to Waymo.
That settlement was largely seen as a means for Uber to resume work on autonomous cars without the distraction of litigation, as it hustles to catch up with Waymo, which is widely seen as having the most advanced cars in the industry.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Andeavor on Friday said it has acquired the Kenai liquefied natural gas (LNG) facility in Alaska from ConocoPhillips.
“This acquisition further strengthens our integrated value chain by optimizing our operations in Kenai and providing low-cost fuel for our refinery,” the company said.
Andeavor operates a 62,700 barrel-per-day refinery in Alaska.
NOT HAPPY: Member for Coffs Harbour Andrew Fraser criticised the council over a lack of planning, which meant hundreds of cars were trying to use one exit after New Year's Eve fireworks.
THE NEW Year's Eve fireworks were undeniably spectacular this year, but the annual headache of the traffic that ensues was one of the worst it's ever been, according to MP Andrew Fraser.
"Pathetic” was the final word Mr Fraser had to say to the local council after a presumably tedious wait to exit the jetty area on New Year's Eve.
With only one exit available on the night, traffic gridlocked after Jordan Esplanade was blocked because of the number of pedestrians visiting the carnival.
However according to Mr Fraser, traffic controllers were employed by the carnival only to block Jordan Esplanade rather than to "control traffic”.
A frustrated Mr Fraser took to social media soon after the lights display to air his disgust at the "non-existent” management of the traffic this year.
"How Coffs Council could allow this to happen without implementation of a proper traffic plan for this event is beyond comprehension,” Mr Fraser wrote. "The traffic controllers were not paid to organise traffic leaving the foreshore, only to block the intersection.
"There were nine or 10 car parks exits with cars leaving them all simultaneously plus others driving across footpaths. It was nothing less than an absolute debacle.”
Mr Fraser's dismay was met with a round of virtual applause, with fellow fireworks revellers agreeing with his criticisms.
"Well said! It was certainly a joke!,” said one user.
"Thanks for noticing and saying something. It's such a great night down there, but getting home could be easier,” said another.
Attendees revealed their excruciatingly long wait times this year, with one saying it took them more than an hour to exit.
Another apparently took more than two hours to get back home.
But Mr Fraser commended the traffic controllers, who he said were just doing what they were "paid to do”.
Traffic controllers were working with difficult conditions in which crowds of pedestrians and hundreds of cars tried to use the one exit that apparently had at least two trains pass through.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A McDonald's customer stripped to his boxers before he jumped on the counter to pour milkshakes over himself in an apparent protest.
Video captured the man's bizarre outburst which is understood to have been filmed by a friend in a branch in the capital at the weekend.
It was suggested the supposed breakdown was caused by a delay to his food order, but the man is understood to have previously featured taking part in prank videos.
The footage starts with the customer clapping his hands together and shouting at crowds in the McDonald's branch: “Everybody, everybody I want you to see, I'm done with this hating b***ches!”
The apparently furious man – who is wearing a black Nike hoodie and joggers – then proceeds to strip off and removes his top.
(Image: News Dog Media)
He yells “I'm f***ing” done and takes off his trousers and shoes so that he is only left wearing his boxer shorts.
A McDonald's employee. who orders him to put his clothes back on, is heard saying “Excuse me, can you get dressed”.
However, the half-naked customer completely ignores the staff member and picks up two milkshakes he has apparently ordered.
(Image: News Dog Media)
(Image: News Dog Media)
As customers watch, the man leaps onto the counter whilst holding a milkshake in each hand.
Atop the counter, the topless male screams “I'm f***ing done!” and then smashes the two milkshakes together.
The beverages spill all over him and the ground in front of him.
(Image: News Dog Media)
Then the customer jumps from the counter onto the ground and slips on the milkshake.
The man – who is now strewn with milkshake – picks himself off the ground.
He circles the restaurant in fury and yells “I'm done! I'm done with these people hating on me! I'm f***ing done. I'm done. I said I'm done!”
Whilst muttering the words “I'm done” again, the man picks up his clothes off the floor and appears to start exiting the McDonald's restaurant.
(Image: News Dog Media)
McDonald's declined to comment when approached by Mirror Online.
The video was posted to social media and was originally published on Instagram by a user called @uglyf**kingteen – who has since deleted their account.
Instagram user @uglyf***ingteen previously sparked controversy in December last year when they uploaded a video seemingly showing a man jumping between platforms at Stratford Station, London.
In that clip, the man narrowly avoids being hit by an oncoming Tube train.
GarmischPartenkirchen,
US ski queen Lindsey Vonn chalked up her 80th World Cup win on Saturday with downhill victory at Garmisch-Partenkirchen for the third straight year—just days before the Winter Olympics. Vonn, 33, clocked 1min 12.84sec, just 0.02 secs faster than World Cup downhill leader Sofia Goggia, who finished second.
Austria's Cornelia Huetter was third at 0.13 sec back on a shortened course due to warm temperatures in the Bavarian Alps at the start of the week. Vonn is closing in on Ingemar Stenmark's all-time alpine record of 86 World Cup wins. “It's a big number,” said Vonn of her 80th victory. “I remember when I got my 50th win here, I never thought I would get close to Annemarie Moser-Proell's record (of 62 wins).
“Now I am getting closer to Stenmark's. “It's incredible. “I am so thankful that I have gotten myself in a position to get these wins coming into the Olympics. “I feel strong mentally and physically. “I never thought I would get 80 wins—it's a big day.” Vonn has the chance for another victory in a second downhill on Sunday, the final tune-up before the Olympics open in Pyeongchang on Thursday. A doubleheader had been planned for Saturday but warm temperatures in the Bavarian Alps meant the second race was moved back a day.
Vonn's victory was overshadowed by injury to US team-mate Jacqueline Wiles, who was stretchered off the course after a bad crash. – ‘Hard to be happy' – “It was really hard to be happy and to celebrate with Jackie in hospital,” said Vonn, who grimaced when Wiles crash. While American Breezy Johnson finished fourth, crashes by US skiers Laurenne Ross and Wiles worried Vonn.
It was a rough day for the whole team,” said Vonn. I am happy Laurenne wasn't hurt, she'll be sore, but at least her knee is okay. It was great to see Breezy get fourth, we are capable of all getting on the podium, we just hope Jackie is okay.” This was Vonn's fourth downhill win in Garmisch after wins here in 2012, as well as in 2016, 2017 and now 2018.
It feels like I am racing in the States when I am here,” she said after vocal crowd support with a US Army base in the town. onn plans to go even faster in Sunday's second downhill race, on the full-length course, in the last World Cup event before the Olympics. I'm looking forward to skiing on the full track and getting a little bit more speed tomorrow,” said Vonn. he women's Olympic alpine programme starts with the giant slalom on February 12 while the downhill—the blue-riband event—is on February 21. onn won downhill gold at the 2010 Vancouver Games, but missing Sochi four year later with injury. ight years after her last Olympics, Vonn is gunning for gold.
Happy rivals – She put in an impressive display on the Kandahar course, shaving fractions of a second off Goggia's time at the first two time checks. She was 0.08 behind at the third, but picked up speed on the lower section of the course, where her rivals had slowed, to claim her milestone win in style. Vonn's career stats are all the more impressive given her injuries – a fractured arm in November 2016 having broken her ankle the previous August.
Goggia took delight in her rival's performance and celebrated with Vonn, who is just 43 points behind in the downhill rankings. “We don't know each other that well, but it's really fun to race with her,” said the 25-year-old Goggia. “After all she has been through, I am pleased for her.” Vonn also enjoys the competition. “Whenever she is racing, she gives 100 percent, and she is always risking everything,” Vonn said of Goggia. “It is all or nothing with her and I like that. “It's a fun little game, to see who has the hundreds, it makes it more exciting for us and the spectators.”—AFP
LOUISVILLE, KY.—Another man accused of assaulting protesters at a Donald Trump campaign rally in Louisville last year has countersued the president, saying he was following Trump's urging to remove them.
Matthew Heimbach is being sued over his alleged actions at the March 1, 2016, rally. In a counter claim filed Monday in federal court, Heimbach says he was relying “on Trump's authority to order disruptive persons removed,” according to WDRB-TV in Louisville.
In his court filing, Heimbach said he “relied on Trump's authority to have disruptive persons removed and that Trump was legally within his rights to have other attendees assist in defending their constitutional rights against ‘protesters.'”
Read the latest news on U.S. President Donald Trump
Another defendant at the rally, Alvin Bamberger, filed a counter claim on Friday, saying that he acted on Trump's “urging and inspiration.”
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Line-ups for the first One Day International between India and Sri Lanka on Sunday in Dharamsala, India Sri Lanka won toss and decided to bowl India: Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma (capt), Shreyas Iyer, Manish Pandey, Dinesh Karthik, MS Dhoni, Hardik Pandya, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Kuldeep Yadav, Jasprit Bumrah, Yuzvendra Chahal Sri Lanka: Upul Tharanga, Danushka Gunathilaka, Lahiru Thirimanne, Angelo Mathews, Asela Gunaratne, Niroshan Dickwella, Thisara Perera (capt), Sachith Pathirana, Suranga Lakmal, Akila Dananjaya, Nuwan Pradeep Referees: Anil Chaudhary (Umpire), Simon Fry (Umpire), Paul Reiffel (TV umpire), Jeff Crowe (Match referee)
OLD FORGE — Brendan Mozeleski's will to win powered his team, once again.
A punishing runner and tackler, the senior was relentless and left Lackawanna Trail players in his wake of destruction on both sides of the ball.
In the second half, he powered his way to 163 of his 209 yards rushing and scored three touchdowns to lead seventh-ranked Old Forge to a 32-20 win over No. 9 Lackawanna Trail on Friday night in a Lackawanna Football Conference Division III showdown at Veterans Memorial Stadium.
“We came out in the second half with great motivation,” said Mozeleski, who also had four physical stops on defense in the second half. “I told the guys in the locker room, they were going to come out and give us their best shot. We responded very well.
“We had to go. We did and I am really proud of our effort.”
Old Forge (7-0 overall, 6-0 in Division III) fed off Mozeleski's determination and capitalized on explosive plays from Tommy Souriyavong, a speedster at wide receiver, to remain undefeated.
The Blue Devils overcame their first deficit of the season and scored more than 30 points for the sixth time in its seven games. They had 231 of their 377 yards in the second half and pulled away by scoring 18 unanswered points in the final 10 minutes of play.
“Experience is an important part of that,” said Mozeleski, who is a four-year starter. “We were down a lot last year in our 4-7 season. We got down and didn't get back up. This year, we have a very strong will to win. When you think positive, good things happen.
“You can never get down, no matter the score.”
Lackawanna Trail (5-2, 4-2) controlled the clock for much of the first half, became the first opponent to score on the Old Forge defense in the first quarter and held the lead with 11:50 remaining in the game.
Owen Hivner had 132 yards rushing and a 57-yard touchdown that gave the Lions their final advantage on the first play of the fourth quarter.
But, the Lions yielded a 48-yard touchdown to Mozeleski and a 75-yard touchdown to Souriyavong in a 4-minute span of the fourth quarter as Old Forge seized the momentum and the lead 26-20.
“In high school football, what we preach is make the opponent drive the field, because a lot can happen, a penalty, a turnover, anything, but we couldn't do that,” Lackawanna Trail coach Steve Jervis said. “Defensively we gave up too many explosive plays.
“When you play a good football team that will come back to bite you.”
After Lackawanna Trail took a 7-0 lead on a Nathan Rolka 12-yard run in the first quarter, Old Forge drew to within 7-6 at the break. Souriyavong, who finished with 116 yards on two scoring receptions, took an out-pattern and turned it into a 41-yard touchdown with 3:54 remaining in the second.
“I saw nothing but green (grass),” Souriyavong said. “(Anthony) Rios made a great block. Everybody was blocking. The field was wide open, so I just cut up and scored a touchdown.”
Lackawanna Trail came out in the second half and put together a pair of long methodical drives. The first finished when Jeffrey Resto scored on a 4-yard run to give the Lions a 14-6 lead at 8:55 of the third.
The second came after a Jordan Edwards interception at the Lackawanna Trail 5 that halted a scoring threat. It covered 32 yards in nine plays. But, Anthony Rios swatted a punt, making up for a roughing the punter call that kept the Lions drive in motion.
Five plays later, Mozeleski muscled through two tackles for a score and Rios caught a 2-point conversion pass to even it up at 14-14 with 36 seconds left in the third.
Hivner gave Lackawanna Trail its final spark with his 57-yard sprint through the heart of the Blue Devils defense.
From there, Mozeleski and the Blue Devils would not be denied. They ran nine plays that covered 171 yards the rest of the way with three going for touchdowns to energize the homecoming crowd and preserve their undefeated record.
“I think we gave a great effort, but in quality, big games like this, it comes down to blocking and tackling,” Jervis said. “It's not cliche.
“We didn't tackle the way we are capable of against a really good football team.”
Contact the writer:
jbfawcett@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9125;
@JobyFawcett26 on Twitter
Chicago, the third largest city in the United States, recorded a whopping 762 homicides in 2016. This homicide record is higher than that of LA and NYC combined, Fox News reports. The poor and predominately black areas were mostly targeted in the south and west sides of Chicago. This was the largest spike of homicides in 60 years. From 2015, which showed a recorded 485 homicides, the rate has increased 57-percent in just one year. This rate averages to be 2 homicides per day in Chicago. Further, Chicago showed a very large increase of shootings in 2016. According to the Chicago Police Department, statistics show that the city also had a heavy increase of shooting incidents this past year, up 1,100 from 2015. The report shows that the south and west sides of Chicago were highly targeted, and shows the most homicide records. These areas are mainly made up of the poor and predominately black areas, Fox News revealed. Gangs also plague the south and west sides of Chicago, thus increasing the likelihood of violence and homicides. [Image by by Scott Olson/Getty Images] Chicago Tribune has made a record of each and every homicide in the city for every month in 2016. The results are staggering. Just in December, there were 57 reported homicides. Unfortunately, that was one of the lowest number of homicides among other months last year. August showed the highest number of homicides in 2016, with a recorded 96 homicides. The majority of the homicides were in the west and south sides of Chicago, and most were the result of gun violence. Among many of the homicides during the month of August, we can't forget those that took the lives of children. One in particular, a 16-year-old boy was outside playing with his friend, when gunfire lit up the area. The boy was among four others who were killed that day. There were 17 others wounded. According to Fox News, the city has been trying to address the violence issues. The police officials have been working on finding out why shootings and homicides have significantly increased from the year before. Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson noted that several factors have influenced the violence that has increased this past year. One in particular, it has been one full year since the police released footage of a white police officer, who fatally shot a black teen 16 times. Ever since, major protests have sparked the area that led to a federal investigation, and the public trust for the police force was heavily weakened. Unfortunately, the major uproars from the officer-involved shootings has caused the police to fear becoming the “next viral video,” thus making them afraid to acknowledge things that they probably should, such as minor drug busts. They have been focusing more on gun violence than anything else, while emboldening criminals. “Criminals watch TV, pay attention to the media. They see an opportunity to commit nefarious activity.” In November, protesters clashed after a police officer fatally shot a 25-year-old man in the Mount Greenwood neighborhood, ABC 7 Chicago reports. Black Lives Matter and Blue Lives Matter groups exchanged chants during the tense protest. The family of the man fatally shot was in disbelief that he was armed and provoking the officer, but video footage that became viral allegedly showed that he did, indeed, have gun. [Image by Scott Olsen/Getty Images] In August, a large group gathered to protest officer-involved shootings. This protest was brought on by the shooting death of Paul O'Neal, who was fleeing from the police when he was shot and killed, Chicago Tribune reports. One woman, who lives near police headquarters, yelled at nearby officers, calling them “murderers.” “They're killing down our kids, they're killing down our brothers, our fathers, our mothers, they're killing us.” Police officials are working to find a solution to the gun violence in Chicago. This is an obvious issue that must be addressed. [Featured Image by Scott Olsen/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
2017 Chevrolet Camaro 1LE Enlarge Photo
Right now the most affordable Chevrolet Camaro with a V-8 is the Camaro SS which starts at approximately $38,000.
However, Ford Mustang and Dodge Challenger buyers can drive away with a V-8 under the hood for approximately $34,100, via the respective Mustang GT and Challenger R/T models.
That's got Chevy considering bringing down the price of adding a V-8 engine to the Camaro, GM product chief Mark Reuss recently revealed to Automotive News (subscription required).
Reuss said Chevy was also looking at adjusting the Camaro's numbers at the more affordable end of the pricing spectrum, without going into detail. The base Mustang starts at $26,085 while the base Camaro starts at $26,900, although the Mustang comes with a V-6 and the Camaro with a turbocharged inline-4.
“I think we've got opportunities at the very low end of the Camaro range and some remix of some of the V-8 options on it so we don't force people to buy all the options with a V-8, just to get a V-8,” Reuss explained. “The Mustang and some of the cars in the segment will have a lower base price and that's an opportunity for us probably.”
Reuss didn't mention timing but the Camaro range is due to undergo a mid-cycle update for 2019. It's possible we see a shakeup in the pricing and options of the various Camaro models at this point.
WATCH: Toronto Officer Praised For Restraint In Standoff With Suspected Van Driver
Enlarge this image toggle caption Cole Burston/Getty Images Cole Burston/Getty Images
The man suspected of killing at least 10 people on Monday by plowing a rented white van down crowded Toronto sidewalks appeared in court Tuesday morning and has been charged with 10 counts of murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
And the Toronto police officer who arrested Alek Minassian, who during a tense standoff repeatedly yelled that he wanted the officer to shoot him, is receiving wide praise for his restraint. The CBC says the officer has been identified as Constable Ken Lam.
In video shot by bystanders, the suspect stands next to the battered white van and draws what looks to be a weapon (police later said he had no weapon on him, according to the Toronto Star).
Toronto Star YouTube
The officer is pointing a gun at him. "Get down!" Lam is heard saying. "Kill me!" says the suspect, claiming that he has a gun in his pocket. "I don't care, get down!" the officer replies. "Get down or you'll be shot."
"Shoot me in the head," the suspect says. The officer continues to urge him to get down. Seconds later, the video shows the suspect on the ground as the officer puts him in handcuffs. Lam did not fire any shots.
Mike McCormack, president of the Toronto Police Association, said he believes the officer prevented further carnage, the Star reports.
"He's shaken up by the whole thing, and shaken up by the magnitude. He said, 'You know, I was just doing my job,' " McCormack said. "He's been confronted by someone who is making like he has a weapon, threatening the officer's life, trying to get the officer to shoot him, and he arrests that guy."
Ralph Goodale, Canada's minister of public safety and emergency preparedness, said on Twitter that he was "grateful for the brave and professional response of @TorontoPolice and other first responders to the horrific attack at Yonge and Finch," the streets where the attack took place.
Star columnist Rosie DiManno describes the officer as "remarkably composed."
"All the fingerprints of suicide by cop," she writes. "But the officer didn't shoot and the suspect dropped to his knees, flinging his arms in the air."
DiManno adds: "On a day of many heroes, that brave cop is at the top of the list, along with the many first responders, paramedics and hospital resources stretched to the limits."
The CBC reports that this incident "stands in contrast to footage of other police takedowns in Toronto that haven't ended peacefully." Here's more:
"The Toronto Police Service was widely criticized for its handling of the Sammy Yatim case in 2013 that led to Const. James Forcillo's conviction for attempted murder in the shooting death of the 18-year-old. Forcillo is appealing his sentence of six years in prison. ... "Members of the Toronto Police Services Board passed a motion in February to issue hundreds of more conducted energy weapons (CEWs), or Tasers, to certain on-duty constables. The move is billed as a way to help the police force achieve a goal of zero deaths when it comes to interactions between the public and police. "Part of the approved motion also requires the TPS to conduct a review of other use-of-force options and gather input from the public and affected groups."
The motive in Monday's van attack is unclear, although police told reporters yesterday that they believe the rampage was deliberate. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday that there is no evidence the incident "has a national security element," according to the CBC.
A Florida politician gets arrested for prostitution and that's not even the weird part.
Video of A Florida politician gets arrested for prostitution and that's not even the weird part.
PANAJI, India (Reuters) - Indian traders are likely to import 25 tonnes of gold from South Korea in July and August, taking advantage of a recent tax change that allows importers to ship in gold without paying a 10 percent customs duty, industry officials told Reuters.
The cheap imports are putting pressure on local refiners and banks who cannot match the steep discounts being offered on bullion sales from the duty-free gold from South Korea.
"Already 12 tonnes have been landed from South Korea since the implementation of GST. By the end of this month imports could be around 25 tonnes," James Jose, secretary of the Association of Gold Refineries and Mints told Reuters.
India, the world's second biggest gold consumer after China, imposes a 10 percent import duty on gold, but this does not apply to countries with which it has signed Free Trade Agreements (FTAs), like South Korea.
To avoid duty-free imports from those countries, India previously imposed a 12.5 percent excise duty. However, this was scrapped along with other local taxes when a Goods and Services Tax (GST) was introduced from July 1.
"Those who are importing from South Korea are reaping windfall gains," said Rajesh Khosla, managing director of MMTC-PAMP India, the country's biggest refinery.
"They are saving the 10 percent import duty. So they can give a $10 or $15 discount. Refiners are operating with a 0.65 percent margin. We cannot compete with someone who is giving a 1 percent discount," Khosla said on the sidelines of the International Gold Convention in Panaji, capital of India's western resort state of Goa.
South Korea is favoured for importing gold over other countries that India has FTAs with because of its ability to deliver bullion in the form of coins or other articles, which do not attract the import duty.
Gold discounts in India widened earlier this month to $11 an ounce, the highest in more than 10 months.
"The government is aware of the issue and we have asked industry associations to provide more data," said a government official, who declined to be named.
The government has asked traders who are importing gold under free trade agreements to fill in a questionnaire that asks them to specify whether the goods are manufactured in those countries, the official said.
"Very soon this issue will be resolved by putting on a countervailing duty," he said.
In the first seven months of the 2017, gold imports more than doubled from a year ago to 550 tonnes, according to provisional data from consultancy GFMS.
