A former project manager for PSEG Long Island alleges he was discriminated against because he is black and was fired after he attempted to expose an alleged improper-billing scheme by a contractor, according to a recent federal lawsuit.
In a 17-page complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Central Islip early this month, Ayokunle Jemiri, a 42-year old of West African descent, accused his PSEG Long Island boss and a project contractor of discrimination based on his race, skin color and national origin.
A PSEG Long Island spokesman would not comment on “pending litigation” or personnel matters. The contractor named in the suit, IPS of Somerset, N.J., didn't return numerous calls seeking comment.
Jemiri's suit said he was hired by PSEG Long Island in 2014 as manager of project management in Hicksville. He led transmission and distribution project management and oversaw up to $350 million in annual work for the company, with a staff of 20 responsible for electricity distribution projects around Long Island.
According to the complaint, Jemiri repeatedly asked his supervisor for a raise to levels comparable to white co-workers, including some with less experience. Those requests were refused, the suit says, and Jemiri was prevented from attending “crucial senior leadership meetings.”
“They shut him out of leadership positions,” said Jemiri's lawyer, Jimmy M. Santos of Cornwall, N.Y.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Jemiri in 2015 complained to PSEG Long Island's human-resources department that a manager for IPS, the PSEG contractor, had created a “hostile work environment” for African-American workers in the department. Jemiri alleged PSEG “made very little effort, if any, to discipline or remove” the manager.
At the same time Jemiri raised allegations that the manager was “improperly billing, mischarging and/or overbilling for work on a project to which he was not assigned...”
Jemiri in an interview said the practice could expose Long Island ratepayers to future liability because, he alleged, his PSEG supervisor didn't properly classify costs associated with a capital-forecasting software project. The IPS contract manager brought to Long Island to work as a project scheduler instead worked on the software project with intellectual property from PSEG's New Jersey sister company, Jemiri charged. The companies have strict protocols for keeping separate and fairly priced the costs for each division's work, he said.
Soon after Jemiri reported the allegations, Jemiri's boss shifted him to a post with fewer leadership duties, and replaced him with a less qualified white manager, while accusing Jemiri of a conflict of interest, according to the suit.
Jemiri in March and April of 2016 filed a formal written complaint of the alleged discrimination and retaliation for exposing the alleged overbilling. Shortly afterward, according to the suit, he was fired for allegedly failing to cooperate with investigators and for providing answers the company deemed “not candid.” Jemiri denies the claims.
The suit, which names PSEG Long Island, N.J.-based Public Service Enterprise Group Services, his supervisors, IPS, seeks back and forward pay and other unspecified compensatory and punitive damages.
Poly Aluminium Chloride Market – Market Overview
Poly Aluminium Chloride (PAC) is salt of Aluminium Chloride which provides more coagulation and flocculation than other aluminium salts. The major raw materials used for production of PAC are sulphuric acid, aluminium hydroxide and hydrochloric acid. They possess unique properties such as innocuous, easy dissolve, effective in wide pH range, reduce sedimentation time and insipidness making an ideal choice for water treatment industry as well as paper and pulp industry.
The Global Poly Aluminium Chloride Market is estimated to reach USD 833.1 million by 2022 with a CAGR of 5.09% during assessment period 2016-2022. The growth prospect is attributed to some of the positive factors such as growing demand of PAC in waste water treatment application coupled with increasing demand of sizing chemicals in paper and pulp industry. Growing population, increasing industrial and agriculture waste water is expected to drive the demand for water treatment chemicals. PAC helps the impurities to floc or coagulate in the water purification process. Thus, to cater the needs of growing population and ongoing research & development for improving water supply condition by government bodies are further expected to drive the product growth. Paper and pulp chemical market is estimated to reach more than 80 million tons by end of forecast period 2022. These chemicals include PAC products which enhance the starch performance in paper industry. Increasing consumer awareness towards usage of paper bags instead of plastic bags are further expected to augment the market growth. Additionally, huge expenditure on infrastructure and development in PAC products provide lucrative opportunity across the value chain.
PAC is used in numerous application industry other than waste water treatment such as paper and cosmetic industry. Among these, paper and pulp industry closely follow waste water treatment segment. They act as filler aid, retention aid, or the precipitator for neutral rosin paper sizing. Thus, the pulsating demand across the paper & pulp industry is expected to boost the market for Poly Aluminium Chloride globally. Asia Pacific region is leading segment with market share of 49.2% in 2016 and anticipated to continue its dominance in over the forecast period. Changing standard of living and rapidly growing consumer awareness towards water treatment and personal hygiene are anticipated to drive the product demand. Furthermore, rising cosmetics and personal care market especially in the Middle East & Africa owing to hijab tradition where women in these countries are not allowed to go out in public without wearing the hijab, which covers the entire body except face. Thus, the Middle East women tend spend more on face beautification products such as skin whitening products and colour cosmetics. However, rising demand for skin whitening products and colour cosmetics in the Asia and Middle East markets is expected to augment demand.
Get a Sample Report for Brief Overview @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3911
Poly Aluminium Chloride Market – Competitive Analysis
Poly Aluminium Chloride Market is operating at growth stage of its life cycle and has portrayed steady growth over the last six years across the globe. The global market is highly fragmented with presence of tier 1 players and tier 2 players occupying the majority of share. The market as a whole represents moderate number of global consumption with adopting numerous strategies such as acquisition, agreement, product launch, expansion and partnership or collaboration. The several players operating in market are Kemira, Feralco Group, Airedale Chemical, Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Limited, Garsim Industries Ltd. Majority of key participants are holding sizeable share in the market operating at medium degree of competition globally. Kemira is one of prominent industry players operating in water treatment chemical market. Expansion and product launch are key strategies adopted by operating players to sustain market share and achieve sustainability growth.
Industry/ Innovation/ Related News:
December 2016 – Kemira, a renowned manufacturer and developer in water and waste water market has launched new product as Kemira PAX-XI 1900. The benefits of this product are low dosage requirement, minimal pH reduction, and low alkalinity consumption. The product also provides high concentration, high basicity and aluminium based chemistry which simplifies water treatment process and reduces costs. The company runs full portfolio of inorganic coagulant chemistry which include full range of aluminium as well as iron coagulants for waste water treatment solutions. This launch strengthens company position in water treatment industry.
June 2015 – Kemira, a leading manufacturer of waste water treatment chemicals expand production plant located in Tarragona, Spain. This plant is one of the largest manufacturing facility in Europe having unit for manufacturing sizing agents used in pulp and paper industry. The plant also able to produce entire range of Kemira aluminium and iron based coagulants such as poly aluminium chloride, aluminium sulphate and ferric chloride. Through this expansion company ensure cost effective supply of raw material and planning to backward integration in order to use 70% of recycled materials. This expansion has strengthened in sustaining leadership position in water treatment chemicals market especially in EMEA market.
March 2014 – Geo Specialty Chemicals Inc. specializes in the area of water treatment chemicals. The company focus on results such as basin turbidity and top filler values, application of coagulants to minimise cost and limit fouling. The company expanded water treatment chemical plant located at Texas, U.S. The new facility is producing highly active Poly Aluminium Chloride products to serve various municipalities and water bodies with cost effective solutions. The company runs second facility with PAC products located at Chattanooga, Tennessee. Presently, company runs 15 water treatment plants throughout southeast United States along with supporting various municipal water treatment systems in North America.
Get Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/poly-aluminum-chloride-market-3911
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
A serial thief trapped in a “vicious circle” of drug-use and re-offending has been jailed after he struck four times at four stores in the same village.
Carl Reid, 31, formerly of West Lea, Clowne, stole DVDs from McColl's, on Mill Street, in Clowne, DVDs from Tesco, on Mill Green Way, a knife block from Wilkinson's and from Aldi, both on Mill Green Way, according to a Chesterfield magistrates' court hearing.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop told the hearing on Tuesday, October 3: “The thefts from August 8 and August 12 from McColl's and Tesco were captured by CCTV with the defendant taking DVDs and an energy drink.
“He was interviewed by police and accepted he had stolen the items and sold them on to buy drugs.”
Further CCTV footage captured Reid, according to Mrs Allsop, stealing meat from an Aldi store in Clowne from August 15 and he was identified at Wilkinson's in the town after stealing a knife block on September 6.
The court heard how Reid was still on post sentence supervision at the time of the offences having been released from prison earlier in the year for a previous conviction.
Reid, of no fixed abode, pleaded guilty to the four thefts and also admitted failing to surrender to custody in September when he should have appeared in court and a warrant had to be issued for his arrest.
Defence solicitor Kirsty Sargent said all the thefts were unsophisticated and he was spotted each time and on one occasion he walked past a till with the items in his hands.
Ms Sargent added that Reid has been trapped in a “vicious circle” with long-standing drug issues leading to offending that leads to prison where he has not received support for his addiction before he has been put back into the community with no support or money.
But the probation service stated Reid has failed to attend meetings with them and he has shown a lack of motivation.
Magistrates sentenced Reid to ten weeks of custody. He was also ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge, £170 costs and £84.97 compensation.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shane Lynch came third this evening during tonight's Celebrity Big Brother grand final.
The former Boyzone star, 41, beat Jess Impiazzi and Wayne Sleep to be awarded the bronze medal this evening.
This means that either Ann Widdecombe or Shane Jenek/ Courtney Act will be crowned the winner.
Former boyband singer Shane has remained very calm all series and hasn't lost his cool with any of his housemates.
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Channel 5)
Speaking to host Emma Willis tonight, he admitted that he had told his wife not to come to the final - however she had ignored him and was there to support him.
He insisted that Ann and Courtney Act were the right final two.
Shane also spoke about being chilled in the house, which he said was important because there were so many "big characters" in the house.
He also chatted about understanding Ann Widdecombe and insisted that it took a while to understand her sense of humour.
After the interview, Shane strolled over to give his partner a big embrace and was clearly happy to see her.
Who will win the crown - Ann or Courtney?
New Delhi: Ahead of defending champion India's crucial encounter with Bangladesh at the semi-final stage of ICC Champions Trophy 2017, both former and current teammates took to Twitter to congratulate Yuvraj Singh on his 300th ODI appearance for India. ( ICC CT 2017, semi-final 2: IND vs BAN – LIVE BLOG )
Veteran offie Harbhajan Singh posted a short video to pay tribute to the left-handed talisman. He talked about the bond the two cricketers share, both on and off the field and how the both have travelled so far in their careers.
The video was posted with the caption, "A bond which started more than 20 years ago...special dedication for my brother Yuvraj Singh."
The 36-year-old started off by saying, "Hello friends. Today, I am going to talk about someone very special, who is very close to my heart – my friend, my brother – Yuvraj Singh."
"Today, Yuvraj is going to play his 300th ODI match. It is a big achievement. Congratulations Yuvi for playing all these years and these many games! When we were young, we never thought that I would play 100 Tests and you 300 ODI matches. God has been really kind to us! And our friendship has remained the same."
He concluded by wishing him all the luck for the game. Bhajji said, "You are a true champion Yuvi! You are a winner both in life and on field. And I hope you achieve victory even in your 300th match today and I pray that you are declared the Man of the Match! God bless you brother! I am really proud of you."
Here is the video...
A bond which started more than 20 years ago...special dedication for my brother @YUVSTRONG12 pic.twitter.com/Zb68JPcaYT — Harbhajan Turbanator (@harbhajan_singh) June 15, 2017
Wishes poured in for the all-rounder from all corners:
Mohammad Kaif: "Congratulations an inseparable part of my life and a wonderful man Yuvraj Singh on a great achievement of 300 ODI's.A true warrior! "
Congratulations an inseparable part of my life and a wonderful man @YUVSTRONG12 on a great achievement of 300 ODI's.
A true warrior! pic.twitter.com/FWR1r5szcF — Mohammad Kaif (@MohammadKaif) June 15, 2017
Shikhar Dhawan: "Congratulations on 300 ODI's Yuvi paaji. You have been an inspiration to one and all."
Congratulations on 300 ODI's @YUVSTRONG12 paaji. You have been an inspiration to one and all — Shikhar Dhawan (@SDhawan25) June 14, 2017
Zaheer Khan: "Proud of you brother! What an amazing journey it has been , I am sure this game is going to be an epic one."
Proud of you brother! What an amazing journey it has been , I am sure this game is going to be an epic one https://t.co/UYb8mIMzb6 — zaheer khan (@ImZaheer) June 15, 2017
And what does the cricketer himself feels about his achievement – "I don`t know about [being] the role model, but it`s a big achievement for me to finish 300 games in my career. It is a huge honour. When I started playing for India I was happy just playing one game for India. That would have been a big achievement for me, but it`s come a long way. There have been ups and downs, and I am proud of myself. I have come through and still managed to get to 300. At one stage I was thinking if I was going to play another game," said Yuvraj.
DUNCAN When the phone call came about five years ago, Mike Anderson thought there must be some type of mistake. Perhaps the party at the other end had the wrong number; maybe there was some type of technology glitch.
"I remember," said Anderson, director at the Stephens County Fair & Expo Center, "that I asked this person, 'You're based where ?' 'And you want to do what?'
"'Are you sure you've got the right place?'"
Doug Gillespie assured Anderson that he was, indeed, calling the right place, and he was based in Weston, Mass. One of the founders of the American Dorper Sheep Breeders Society (ADSBS), Gillespie also assured Anderson the ADSBS was serious in a desire to bring it's premier annual event to the Fair & Expo Center in Duncan.
Today, for the fourth time since Gillespie made that initial call to Anderson, the 2017 ADSBS Dorper Breeder Courses & Judges Training School began a five-day run in Duncan. And Anderson is extremely pleased he learned to take Gillespie seriously.
"Although Doug just kind of called out of the blue, we've found out that these are really nice people, and they put on a very professional learning event that draws people from all over the country, as well as Canada and Mexico," Anderson said.
Apple Inc said on Friday that Bruce Sewell will retire as general counsel and will be succeeded by former Honeywell International Inc executive Katherine Adams.
Adams, who will also be senior vice president of legal and global security, will report to Chief Executive Tim Cook, the company said.
Bruce Sewell, who has served as Apple`s general counsel since 2009, will retire at the end of the year, the company said.
Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham are reportedly interested in signing in-form Alex McCarthy.
A critical player in the 17/18 season who shouldn't be sold. What would it take to buy him? #Saintsfc pic.twitter.com/FnvqeWSuSX
March 30 Renrenle Commercial Group Co Ltd
* Says it returns to net profit of 60.5 million yuan ($8.78 million) in 2016 versus net loss of 474.7 million yuan year ago
* Says it applies to Shenzhen stock exchange to cancel delisting risk warning as it has returned to net profit in 2016
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nmUl7J; bit.ly/2nyFjN5
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8880 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heartbroken mum is desperately searching for her daughters, aged eight and five, after they failed to return from a visit with their father.
The two young girls are thought to be travelling with their dad and his girlfriend in an old motorhome , which they have used in the past to go on camping trips.
Police are keen to trace eight-year-old Grace Elizabeth McKinney, and Kara McKinney, five, who were last seen in Perth and Kinross.
It's thought they are with their father, Michael McKinney, his girlfriend, Martina, and her son, Woody, three, reports the Daily Record .
They are believed to travelling in a cream-coloured Elddis Autoquest motorhome.
Officers are eager to trace the girls, who were last seen in the Alyth area, to confirm their well-being.
(Image: Facebook)
Their mum Victoria McKinney posted a heartbreaking appeal on Facebook, claiming: "My two daughters Grace McKinney (8) and Kara McKinney (5) have been missing since Thursday morning.
“Were visiting their father for a week but they have all disappeared, seen leaving his flat in Alyth early Thursday morning.
"Travelling in an Elddis Autoquest campervan which is creamy/green in colour, very old and rough looking, reg H36 PBO.
“They will be with their father Michael McKinney (5'10, grey hair worn in a top knot with shaven sides and a goatee) and his Czech girlfriend Martina (5'5 with shoulder length dark brown hair and heavy build) and also her three year old boy Woody who has blonde hair.
(Image: Facebook)
“They will also have a white staffy dog with them. If you have any information please let us know. Police are treating the children as HIGHLY VULNERABLE missing persons. Please call police on 101 if you have any relevant information.
“I have an incident number which you can find on the Tayside Police page along with an appeal for information on the girls whereabouts.”
They have previously been known to camp with their father in the west coast area, Fort William and Skye.
Grace is described as 4ft 10in and slim with red/auburn hair, and Kara is 4ft with red/auburn hair.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boxer Amir Khan has announced the birth of his daughter Alayna.
Khan showed off his second child with wife Faryal Makhdoom, after the birth of Lamaisah Khan in 2014, in an emotional Instagram post.
Khan posted his social media page: "With my new born ALAYNA KHAN. Welcome to the world. Weighing 8lbs 3oz."
The Bolton-born star made his long-awaited return to the boxing ring after two years on the weekend, beating Phil Lo Greco inside 40 seconds.
King Khan wiped out the Canadian with a devastating arsenal of punches at the Liverpool Arena.
After sending Lo Greco to the canvas, Khan followed up and smashed the Italian Sensation into the ropes before the referee jumped in.
Khan will now have a host of options next for his second fight in a three-fight deal with Matchroom and Eddie Hearn.
She married Khan in 2013 after they were introduced by a mutual friend.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
The couple tied the knot in a 1000-guest ceremony at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City, following it up with a traditional Walima (the banquet part of an Islamic wedding) in Manchester.
But Khan and Faryal sparked a high-profile fall-out with the boxer's family by posting a 'naked selfie' on Instagram.
Khan's disapproving father Shah even branded his daughter-in-law "evil", accusing her of trying to come between them and their son.
(Image: Mark Robinson)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Faryal hit the headlines again in the summer of 2017 when she and Khan engaged in a very public feud, lasting several weeks.
In some circles, Khan, a British-Pakistani Muslim, is now known as much for his marital issues as for his boxing achivements.
Khan became Britain's youngest Olympic medallist when he won silver at the Athens Games in 2004.
And has since won 32 of his 36 fights and was the unified light-welterweight world champion.
Last year, Khan appeared on ITV show I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here where he finished fifth - as Made in Chelsea star Georgia Toffolo was named Queen of the Jungle.
The High Court in Blantyre has granted an injunction to Speaker of Parliament, Richard Msowoya, and other senior members of the Malawi Congress Party (MCP) who were suspended from their positions by the party's National Executive Committee (Nec) restraining the party from implementing decisions against them.
The suspensions of Msowoya from his position as first deputy president, Kaliwo as secretary general, Tony Kandiero as director of international relations and James Chatonda Kaunda as first deputy secretary general were announced after the Nec meeting which took place on Sunday.
The meeting also resolved to suspend the membership of Salima North West Member of Parliament, Jessie Kabwila, in the party.
But According to an order of injunction which High Court judge, Healey Potani, granted the five, Chakwera and Ezekiel Ching'oma and all Nec members are restrained from implementing the decision of summoning the five to a disciplinary hearing.
“Until the hearing of interpartes application for an injunction or until further order, the defendants must either by themselves, their agents, servants or otherwise howsoever, be and are hereby restrained from inviting the claimants to a disciplinary inquiry or suspending them from their membership of the Malawi Congress Party or from performing the duties of the positions that they hold in the party,” reads the injunction.
Their lawyer, Kalekeni Kaphale, said the five had convinced the court to grant them the injunction.
“The reasons for the application are many. When the court read the documents we submitted, they found that we have raised enough material to warrant the granting of an injunction,” Kaphale said.
Second deputy secretary general, Eisenhower Mkaka, who the party appointed as acting secretary general following the suspension of Kaliwo and Chatonda Kaunda, said the party was yet to receive the injunction.
“We haven't been served with the injunction. We can appropriately comment after seeing the injunction,” he said.
Source link
Elite Farm Services workers seen throwing chickens at a Chilliwack farm in undercover video filmed by Mercy for Animals. (Submitted)
The Vancouver Humane Society (VHS) is not happy it's been nearly a year since the release of video showing violent abuse of chickens on a Chilliwack farm and yet no one has been charged.
“There would no doubt be considerable public outrage if the alleged perpetrators of these extreme acts of cruelty were not brought to justice,” VHS executive director Debra Probert said in a May 28 letter to B.C. Attorney General David Eby.
The video in question shot at an Elite Farm Services operation in Chilliwack and showed chickens being kicked, stomped on, sexually abused and having their limbs torn off.
In the wake of the undercover footage filmed by an employee working for Mercy for Animals, five employees and one supervisor of the local farm labour company involved were fired, according to the company's president.
“We are sickened with the footage and want to ensure all our suppliers and producers that this is not reflective of who we are, our fundamental beliefs or behaviour we accept from our employees,” said Dwayne Dueck of Elite Farm Services in a statement issued in June 2017.
The BC Chicken Marketing Board, too, expressed disgust at the practices seen in the video.
“This is beyond anything that any normal person would conceive of to be normal behaviour,” executive director Bill Vanderspek told Black Press in an interview nearly a year ago. “I was just disgusted.”
• READ MORE: B.C. chicken farmers respond to videos of violent abuse of birds at Chilliwack farms
Given the long delay, the VHS is calling on Eby to ensure those responsible for the animal cruelty are brought to justice.
The B.C. SPCA has produced a report for Crown Counsel recommending animal cruelty charges, but no charges have been laid, according to the VHS.
“We are concerned at this undue delay and any potential impact it might have on a successful prosecution proceeding,” Probert said in her letter to Eby. “
The letter calls on the Attorney General to “take whatever action is necessary to expedite Crown Counsel's work on this case.”
• READ MORE: Chicken catchers to wear body cameras following abuse video
@PeeJayAitch
paul.henderson@theprogress.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
FILE - In this April 30, 1963 file photo, President John F. Kennedy listens while Grand Duchess Charlotte of Luxembourg speaks outside the White House in Washington. The National Archives has until Oct. 26, 2017, to disclose the remaining files related to Kennedy's Nov. 22, 1963 assassination, unless President Donald Trump intervenes. William J. Smith AP
The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reminds dairy farmers of the June 1 deadline to enroll in the improved Margin Protection Program for Dairy (MPP-Dairy). Many producers will see payments in early June, depending on the coverage they elect.
The program protects dairy producers by paying them based on the difference between the national all-milk price and the national average feed cost. The 2018 Bipartisan Budget Act made several changes to the safety net program to provide better protections for dairy producers from shifting milk and feed prices.
“MPP-Dairy is an important, improved safety net tool for the dairy industry,” said Bill Northey, Under Secretary for Farm Production and Conservation. “We encourage all dairy producers to carefully weigh their options and make their way to one of our 2,100 FSA county offices nationwide to discuss signing up for the program before the June 1 deadline.”
Updates include:
Calculation of the margin period is monthly rather than bi-monthly.
Covered production is increased to 5 million pounds on the Tier 1 premium schedule, and premium rates for Tier 1 are substantially lowered.
An exemption from paying an administrative fee for limited resource, beginning, veteran, and socially disadvantaged producers. Dairy operators enrolled in the previous 2018 enrollment period that qualify for this exemption under the new provisions may request a refund.
Signup for 2018 will be retroactive to Jan. 1, of this year. Margins for February and March 2018 have already been announced and payments for those months, along with potential payments for April, will be issued in June based on producer elections.
All dairy operations must make new coverage elections for 2018, even if the operation was enrolled during the previous 2018 signup period. Dairy producers should use the MPP-Dairy Decision Tool for support in making related enrollment decisions.
All dairy operations interested in MPP-Dairy coverage must sign up during the enrollment period and submit form CCC-782 to FSA to enroll. Dairy operations may still “opt out” by not submitting a form.
For more information, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/dairy. Contact your local FSA county office to enroll in the program. To find your local FSA county office, visit https://www.farmers.gov/.
As an international agency works to lower water levels on Lake Ontario, shipping has been somewhat delayed on the St. Lawrence River between Montreal and Kingston, said the St. Lawrence Seaway Management Corp.'s spokesman.
Andrew Bogora said the westbound trip usually takes vessels 24 hours to complete.
“That stretch of the seaway, at present, is taking about 26 hours. It's a credit to the skilled captains and pilots to be able to sustain navigation with a two-hour delay as the only impact being observed. It's a credit to the mariners that they're able to keep this vital supply line moving in this time of above normal river flow,” Bogora said, adding it's also impressive because of stringent measures already in place.
That two-hour delay, however, may increase as the International Lake Ontario-St. Lawrence River Board, which controls outflows from Lake Ontario, met Monday and agreed to increase it Wednesday to a record high 10,400 cubic metres per second. The outflow is controlled through 32 turbines at the Moses Saunders Dam between Cornwall, ON and Massena, NY.
The increased outflow will not have any significant effect on St. Lawrence River levels near Montreal, as declining Ottawa River flows are expected to continue, and this will offset the effects of the increased Lake Ontario outflow, the board said.
Bogora said there's a high level of confidence that both lakers and ocean-going vessels will manage to safely travel the seaway system even with the record outflow - designed to lower Lake Ontario levels slightly, and provide additional relief to lake riparians. A riparian is a person who owns land on the bank of a natural watercourse or body of water
“We've been in extensive consultations with the industry, both ocean-going and lakers, prior to the implementation of 10,400 (cubic metres per second),” said Bogora. “We have daily conference calls with the industry and our Seaway operations team to gather information on the conditions being experienced by captains and pilots.”
He said those calls are to ensure that shipping can continue safely and effectively.
Special measures have been taken by the Seaway through notices sent to mariners. Notices over the past few days said the Seaway plans to continue operations at the outflow conditions, even as it creates velocities higher than normal in navigation channels and variations in normal current patterns.
The notices have also said vessels equipped with bow thrusters will have to use them when transiting the Montreal to Lake Ontario section of the waterway. It also said all tall ships and tows (tug-barge combinations) transiting Montreal to Lake Ontario must be capable of making a minimum of eight knots through the water.
“Vessels will have to make a determination as to whether they can comply with the special measures,” Bogora said.
The higher outflows will initially be tested for a 72-hour period to monitor any effects it may have, the board said in a post on its Facebook page.
“After the 72 hours at 10,400 has concluded, it may well continue for some extended period of time,” said Bogora.
CLOSE State Troopers are still on scene of a fatal accident between a motorcycle and truck in Townsend. Suchat Pederson, The News Journal
Buy Photo State Troopers are on scene of a fatal accident in Townsend between a truck and a motorcycle rider on Wiggins Mill Road. (Photo: Suchat Pederson, The News Journal)Buy Photo
A fatal crash with a motorcycle has closed Wiggins Mill Road at Rose Valley Drive.
Townsend road has been shut down from Green Giant Road to Feret Road as police investigate, said Master Cpl. Michael Austin of Delaware State Police.
"The investigation is in its early stages with further details will be released as they become available," Austin said.
The Delaware Department of Transportation tweeted the road closure, and warned drivers to use caution in the area.
Inc: NCCO - WIG GINS MILL RD CLOSED @ ROSE VALLEY DR https://t.co/DWZ5rMrdrm — DelDOT (@DelawareDOT) May 30, 2018
This story will be updated as more details become available.
CRIME: Newark Police: Man fired gun during fight near University of Delaware campus
Contact Josephine Peterson at (302) 324-2856 or jhpeterson@delawareonline.com. Follow her on Twitter at @jopeterson93.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/05/30/fatal-motorcycle-crash-closes-wiggins-mill/657036002/
© David Parkins
'Public told N. Korea war won't kill people in US'
There's no "imminent" threat of a nuclear war between the US and North Korea, according to CIA Director Mike Pompeo,"There's nothing imminent today," Pompeo told Fox News on Sunday. "But make no mistake about it, the continuation,and the investigation is going to treat it as such. What I'm talking about is I've heardhe added. "No intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today."Rather than an escalation to a nuclear war,"The president has made it very clear to the North Korean regime how America will respond if certain actions are taken," Pompeo said. "We are hopeful that the leader of that country will understand them in precisely the way they are intended, to permit him a place to get where we can get the nuclear weapons off the peninsula.""It's that straightforward," Pompeo said. "What we need from an intelligence perspective, what is most important, is that our communications are clear that the fella who intends to inflict pain on the United States of America understands the US position in an unambiguous way. That's the best message you can deliver to someone who's putting America at risk."However, Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman"How close have we come to this situation? Yes, we've come very close to a possible armed conflict," she said in an interview with the TV channel Russia-1."If there really is an armed force scenario and if everything indeed happens the waywith, the situation will be simply catastrophic," she added, before noting that that "the whole world tried to prevent the sprawl of the disaster" of the nuclear disaster in Fukushima, Japan, back in 2011."The representatives of the establishment, the senators,, though not just in North Korea," she explained. "I think they are thinking of South Korea as well."President Trump has taken a harsher stance against North Korea than his predecessor, Barack Obama, while Pyongyang has carried on ignoring sanctions and UN Security Council rulings against its nuclear weapons program. The war of words between the two sides took a more serious turn on Tuesday, when Trump threatened to meet North Korea with "fire and fury" if it continues to make threats against the United States. Pyongyang responded by saying it was working on a plan to launch a medium-range ballistic missile close to the US territory of Guam, some 3,200km from North Korea.
Photo: AFP
The French president Emmanuel Macron has managed to anger workers in France once again, this time telling staff battling to save their jobs at a threatened factory that they should get another job instead of "stirring up shit".
Macron's remark was aimed at workers at the threatened GM&S car parts plant who are battling to save their jobs.
As he was making a visit to a training centre in the Creuse department of central France the president was told that another local factory, located 150 kilometres away from the doomed GM&S plant, was looking to hire workers.
Macron responded: “There are some who'd be better off seeing if they could get a job there rather than "stirring up shit".”
Some of the GM&S workers were protesting outside as Macron spoke. Their demonstration had degenerated into scuffles with riot police.
The remark, caught on camera was interpreted as being directed at striking workers at GM&S, whom The Local reported earlier this year had booby trapped their factory and threatened to blow it up.
(AFP)
They had also started destroying the machinery there as they protested their anger at carmakers Renault and Peugeot who they accused of blocking a take over of their factory and deliberately cutting orders.
Macron, who has been dubbed "the president of the rich" for pushing through tax cuts for France's most wealthy, immediately came under fire from opposition politicians and unions.
Many pointed out that Macron is now a repeat offender when it comes to showing "contempt" for working classes.
The 39-year-old president "doesn't know what it means to look for work," said a lawmaker of the hard-left France Unbowed party, Adrien Quatennens.
"Macron does it again," the Socialist Party said in a tweet, calling on Macron to "watch his language and respect the French people". The conservative
Republicans party also voiced disapproval of his remarks.His list of offences is growing.
The president had drew criticism for once telling a man who had commented on his nicely tailored suit that the best way to afford his own suit was to work.
He also sparked ire when opening a new start-up hub in a converted railway depot he said: "A station is a place where we meet people who succeed and people who are nothing.”
There was his comment about "illiterate" workers at an abattoir and poor people who travel by bus.
And most recently the former investment banker gave ammunition to street protesters when he vowed he would not yield to the "lazy" in his battle to push through labour reforms.
Government spokesman Christophe Castaner defended Macron on Thursday, saying: "A president should be able... to use the words that we all use all the time."
But Christophe Barbier, political analyst for BFM TV believes Macron's repeated offending is all part of a political strategy to appeal to the right and create a division with the far left of Jean-Luc Melenchon.
"Macron is not an idiot, said Barbier. "If he did it once he would correct himself... but if he does it repeatedly it's because he has a political objective."
READ ALSO:
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince Harry has revealed he would “love” to have children one day.
The royal is currently dating 35-year-old actress Meghan Markle, and although the couple have no plans to settle down and start a family any time soon, Harry has admitted he would like to have babies in the future.
Speaking with The Telegraph as part of the publication's Mad World podcast, he said: “I, of course, I would love to have kids.”
And Harry has revealed being uncle to his brother Prince William's children Prince George, three, and 23-month-old Princess Charlotte, as well as his godfather duties, has given him practice when dealing with children.
(Photo: PA)
He explained: “Yeah, I'm a godfather to quite a few of my friends' [kids] … actually only five or six.
“I'd like to think so [he is a good godfather]. But I think the key to that is to grow up, but also to be able to stay in touch with your childhood side. If that means going to someone's house and sitting there and playing PlayStation and kicking the ass of their son on [video games] or whatever it is, then I'll try and do that. I've actually had a lot of practice for that.”
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Getty)
Meanwhile, 32-year-old Harry and the Suits star are "deeply happy" in their relationship, regardless of their busy schedules, which sees the brunette beauty film for the popular series in Canada whilst her beau remains in England.
Speaking previously about the couple and their romance, a source said: "Despite the distance, the media attention and everything else, there's a real ease to their relationship. It just works. They are deeply happy."
(Photo: WireImage)
However, when the pair is together they enjoy spending as much quality time together as they can.
A separate source recently said: "They spend a lot of time watching movies at Harry's and cooking new dishes. Meg is a great cook and sends Harry out to posh food shops. She has even added a few feminine touches such as scented candles and soft furnishings."
New Delhi: Days after Akshay Kumar unveiled his look in upcoming biographical sports drama 'Gold', the makers have announced the release date of film's teaser.
The first teaser of the highly anticipated sports drama will be out on Monday. Directed by Reema Kagti, 'Gold' is a biopic based on the life of hockey player Balbir Singh Sr., who was in the team that won the first Olympic medal for India as an independent nation in 1948.
The film also features Mouni Roy, Amit Sadh and Kunal Kapoor in key roles. As per reports, Mouni will be seen romancing Akshay in the film. The film will release on August 15 this year, during the Independence day weekend.
Earlier, Akshay shared his look from the film on his Instagram handle.
In the monochrome photograph, the national-award winner can be seen donning a vintage look. "Set out on a brand-new journey, aiming for nothing less than #GOLD! Day 1 of Gold, need your love and best wishes as always," he tweeted.
At present, Akshay is gearing for his upcoming release 'PadMan'. The film is co-produced by his wife Twinkle Khanna and directed by R Balki and also stars Sonam Kapoor and Radhika Apte.
The film is inspired by the life of Arunachalam Muruganantham, a social activist from Tamil Nadu. Initially set to release on January 25, 'PadMan' is now scheduled to be released on February 9. It will clash with Sidharth Malhotra's 'Aiyaary' starring Sidharth Malhotra and Manoj Bajpayee.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy McConnell has flown to Poland for an emergency Danniella Westbrook-style nose job after years of cocaine abuse.
The former Celebrity Big Brother star, who was recently released from prison after being sent down for assaulting his ex Stephanie Davis , was pictured with his face bandaged up after having the procedure to repair his septum following historic use of the Class-A drug.
The picture, exclusively obtained by Mirror Online, was shared on Snapchat by one of his friends, but deleted within seconds.
The Irish model's pal made a joke about his face as he captioned the pic: "When ur mates gets lippy over who paid for the packet of Monster Munch in Centra" [sic]
(Image: Snapchat/Jeremy McConnell)
(Image: Alpha/Globe Photo)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A source close to the tattooed star, who's been dubbed a deadbeat dad, told us: "It was due to years of abuse of alcohol and other substances. It's to repair his septum.
"He really is the male version of Danniella Westbrook."
Former EastEnders star Danniella had to have her nose repaired after her septum disintegrated after heavy cocaine abuse.
She was infamously pictured leaving the Soap Awards in 2000 with what looked like one big nostril.
And it's understood that Jeremy, 27, has undergone a similar procedure that Danniella did in order to avoid the same thing happening to his nose.
Ex-coke addict Jeremy has previously opened up about using the drug to another newspaper.
Mirror Online has contacted Jeremy's representatives for comment.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It comes after Jeremy, who shares son Caben-Albi with former Hollyoaks star Stephanie, stooped to paying a Page 3 model to pretend to be his girlfriend.
A source close to the shamed Irish model exclusively told Mirror Online how Charlotte Huntley, 20 - pictured with Jez this week on a supposedly loved-up date to an ice-cream parlour - was PAID by Jez to act like his new love.
"He knows his name is slowly erasing from people's minds so a friend of a friend asked Charlotte if she wanted some publicity and she jumped at the chance," said the insider. "They both believe any publicity is good publicity."
Jeremy forked out just £30 and threw in a free ice-cream to get Charlotte to sign up and be papped with him in Manchester.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Twitter)
"His friends are concerned at the lengths he's going to get attention - the first dates, dog walks in the park, rolling sushi... who knows what's next?
"It was only last week he set up pictures of him out walking with a different girl as his screensaver.
"He is desperate to get his name back out there, even dropping his pants in public.
"He's done the deal now with Charlotte, got them both publicity and now he's back in Dublin where he plans to spend his time working out how to make money moving forward as his debts are mounting since coming out of prison," the pal added.
Jeremy's rep denied the claims and insisted Jeremy had not paid Charlotte to hang out with him.
The FBI arrested a man for his involvement in plotting an Independence Day terrorist attack, after providing him with the supplies.An innocent man is now facing terrorism charges after he was caught plotting a bombing at a Fourth of July celebration and then arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The only problem is that theDemetrius Pitts, 48, is now facing criminal charges after conversations with undercover agents led to his arrest. According to the criminal complaint against Pitts, the FBI claimed that its agentsbecause he made comments on Facebook that indicated he may be interested in joining al-Qaeda, traveling overseas for training, and then returning to the U.S. to carry out an attack.While it is not clear what the comments from Pitts-who was reportedly using a Facebook account with a different name-stated exactly, it is clear that there was no indication he actually planned on carrying out a terrorist attack. In fact, a report from NBC News admitted that "."FBI Special Agent in Charge Stephen Anthony justified the contact by insisting that instead of waiting to see if Pitts ever joined al-Qaeda and traveled overseas for training, agents were completely justified in"Law enforcement cannot stand by and wait for Mr. Pitts to make a violent attack," Anthony said.Pitts agreed to meet an undercover agent in person, and the criminal complaint claimed that the agent secretly recorded their conversations, which revolved around wanting to assassinate President Trump, and planning a terrorist attack in Cleveland. "I'm trying to figure out something that would shake them up on the Fourth of July," Pitts told the agent.However, the complaint raises questions about how much Pitts even wanted to be involved with the planned attack, because he simply wanted to "go look at the base of the ground" where it would take place, and he wanted the other "brothers" who the FBI agent claimed were involved, to fulfil all of the other parts of the plan."I don't wanna meet all the Brothers," Pitts said in one conversation."Now what about the detonator guy?" the agent asked."Now I don't even wanna meet him," Pitts replied. "He has nothing to do with me... The only thing I'm going to be responsible for is going to look at the spot, to scope out the scenery."In order to carry out his role, Pitts needed a bus pass to take him downtown and a cellphone to take photos of the places that would be bombing targets-Given the fact that he did not provide any of the supplies needed for the attack, he did not want to be the one who carried out the attack, and he simply promised to provide a basic layout of downtown Cleveland, proves that Demetrius Pitts was clearly not the ticking time bomb the FBI claimed he was.The report claimed that Pitts was sentenced to prison for a robbery in 1989, and he pleaded guilty to theft in 2007. His latest run-in with the law occurred in 2016 when the state of Pennsylvania requested that Pitts be extradited on assault, robbery and theft charges.Pitts has now been charged with providing material support to a terrorist organizationDiane Stoudemire, Pitts' aunt, told USA Today that she was shocked by the news and that Pitts has ".""He had had some problems with drugs and everything," Stoudemire said. "He came up without his father, which is my brother, that was killed before Demetrius was born. His mother passed away while Demetrius was in penitentiary, so he's been having such a hard time."This is not the first the FBI has used its undercover agents to befriend a man online who looks like he may be critical of the U.S. government and sympathetic to terrorist groups in the Middle East, and has convinced him to carry out an attack on U.S. soil-so that the FBI can then heroically arrest the suspect, even if he refused to carry out the attack.In December, the FBI was credited with stopping a man from carrying out an ISIS-inspired attack after their undercover agents attempted to coerce him into it, but when he refused to carry out the attack, he was still painted as a "terrorist," and he now faces up to 20 years in prison.Then in March, a similar incident happened when an FBI informant targeted a mentally ill man who agreed online, to carry out an attack and was arrested as soon as he claimed he would accept supplies from the FBI.The FBI received multiple credible reports that Nikolas Cruz was planning to commit mass murder in the months before the Parkland shooting. Less than six weeks before the shooting, someone the FBI described as "a person close to" Cruz reached out to the agency and desperately pleaded for their help. The person reported Cruz's "gun ownership, desire to kill people, erratic behavior, and disturbing social media posts, as well as the potential of him conducting a school shooting."Yet the FBI apparently chose to focus on fictitious cases and did nothing to interfere with Cruz's rampage.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool star Philippe Coutinho has left the club's training base at Melwood as speculation surrounding his future gathers pace.
The Brazilian has handed in a transfer request at Anfield in a bid to try and force through a move to Barcelona, who are keen to splash in the region of £100million to lure him to the Nou Camp.
Barça has a sum almost double that size burning a hole in their pocket after Neymar joined Paris Saint-Germain.
Coutinho has been left out of the Reds' squad for their crunch Champions League qualifier in Hoffenheim on Tuesday evening.
(Image: CHRIS NEILL/MAVERICK PHOTOGRAPHY)
(Image: PA Wire)
Boss Jurgen Klopp will speak to the press ahead of the first leg of the must-win tie later today.
Barcelona legend Rivaldo has backed Coutinho to fill the void left by Neymar, should he make the switch to Catalunya.
He told Betfair : "Neymar left for PSG and, despite his importance at the team, I believe Barça will deal with it, and could even reinforce his team spirit, trying to show that players can come and go, but Barça will stay at the top.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"For Barcelona [Neymar's sale is] an important financial income that allows them to breathe much easier and also to try new signings.
"Philippe Coutinho could be a good option to play at Neymar's position, but Paulinho could also be an important addition at the centre of the pitch."
Rivaldo added: "It was a tough decision for the Brazilian star and his main objective – beside the financial aspect – is to become the best player in the world, leaving his status as Messi's shadow."
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Welcome to the beautiful festive season of panic buying, wrapping and posting.
It might sound simple, but ensuring your perfect gift arrives in time can be trickier than you think.
Whether you're looking to post an item, or receive it before 25 December; it's important that you know your deadlines to avoid tears on Christmas morning - and to help, we've broken down the key dates for your diary below.
Royal Mail has officially published its recommended posting dates for Christmas 2017, and here are the dates in full:
Wednesday 20 December for 2nd Class delivery and Royal Mail Signed For 2nd Class.
Thursday 21 December for 1st Class, Royal Mail Signed For 1st Class and Royal Mail Special Delivery Guaranteed.
Friday 22 December for Royal Mail Special Delivery Saturday Guaranteed.
What about courier services?
(Image: Getty)
The deadlines for couriers vary, so here are the key dates for your diary with some of the most popular firms:
Michael van Gerwen produced a stunning display of darts last night to set up a final against Gary Anderson.
The Dutchman set a new three-dart average record of 114.05 as the saw off the challenge of countryman Raymond van Barneveld.
Van Gerwen will take some stopping but faces a formidable opponent in Scot Anderson who is going for a hat-trick of wins at Alexandra Palace.
Follow all the action from 7pm.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Horrific photos from the scene of a crash on a Cambridge road show thousands of pounds worth of damage as the road is sealed off by police.
Emergency services are responding to the multi-vehicle collision on Fen Road, which witnesses have described as a 'street race gone wrong.'
Six vehicles were involved in the crash, including a Nissan pick up and a Toyota Landcruiser.
Fen Road, in the East Chesterton area of Cambridge, is one of the city's most notorious roads.
Families living in and around the area have accused police of failing to take action over dangerous driving and a litany of attacks on cyclists and pedestrians .
A witness at the scene said a cordon had been put in place.
She said: "There are loads of police cars and fire engines and they were just putting up a cordon and closing the road but I managed to get through towards the train station.
"I passed six cars that were written off. It's unbelievable on a road like this."
A police spokeswoman said: "We were called at around 7.30pm.
"Six vehicles were involved but it doesn't look like anyone was hurt.
"Fire and ambulance went as well and recovery are there at the moment.
"The driver of one vehicle ran off but their vehicle is still there. Crime scene officers are at the scene."
Witnesses described a 'street race' before taking place before the crash.
Police are appealing for anybody with information to come forward.
Follow our live updates here.
A Pennsylvania man has been sentenced to six years in prison after he was convicted of traveling to west suburban Aurora to pay to have sex with teenage girls.Shane R. Lewis, 38, was convicted by a jury in August of involuntary sexual servitude of a minor, traveling to meet a minor, and grooming, all felonies, according to the Kane County state's attorney's office.On Jan. 8, 2015, Lewis was in the Chicago area on business when he went to an Aurora hotel with the intent to pay for sex with what he believed would be 14-year-old and 15-year-old girls, prosecutors said.Lewis was met by a person he thought was the girls' mother, confirmed that he wanted sexual favors, paid the person $200, and was arrested, prosecutors said. He testified during the trial that his intent was to engage in sexual conduct with the children.He had been free on a $12,500 bond, but his bond was revoked upon conviction and he was taken into custody.Lewis, of Kennett Square, Pennsylvania, faced between six and 30 years in prison, prosecutors said. In addition to the prison term, he must register as a sexual offender for 10 years.
100 % 100 Excellent A must-watch cinematic classic; Jaws is as tense and thrilling now as it was when first released. 10
As part of their week of special events, Showcase Cinema de Lux Southampton held a screening of Steven Spielberg's classic 1975 thriller Jaws. Although now 42 years old, the film still manages to maintain its scary nature whilst telling a great story with likeable characters.
Jaw follows Martin Brody (Roy Scheider) who, in his first summer as police chief on Amity Island, finds himself tasked with ridding the community of a giant great white shark that is terrorising the local beaches. As the animal's actions continue to bring despair to the community, Brody seeks the help of marine biologist Matt Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) and old sailor Sam Quint (Robert Shaw) in an attempt to put the shark down.
From the off, the film is able to masterfully build tension. Even if you were to go into this film not knowing about the shark, the opening scene that shows us the point of view of something making its way through the water, coupled with the sinister score, is enough to tell you that something isn't right. This makes the next scene so much more suspenseful when a young woman is swimming happily in the water. Spielberg is able to give the audience this feeling of impending danger through nothing more than clever camerawork and long build up scenes.
Jaws is often remembered for its iconic theme music, but as excellent as John Williams' score is, Jaws' silence is used to great effect. There are long stretches of the movie where no score is used at all, notably just before the second shark attack where the only background noises to be heard are those of the sea and the beach. This lack of a soundtrack is fantastic because it makes the audience feel uncomfortable as, thanks to the earlier set up, they know that the water is not a safe place to be.
One aspect of Jaws that has resolutely stood the test of time is the clever use, or lack of, the shark. We don't fully see the menacing great white until we get to some of the film's later confrontations. In fact, for the first three attacks, we either don't see the shark at all unless it's just below the surface of the water. This was an excellent choice as, for much of the film, we are fed small details of just how big and abnormal this shark is. This successfully makes the shark feel more like a monster than just a wild animal. It also means that the minimal use of the mechanical shark helps the films stand the test of time in comparison to modern CGI.
Aside from the horror and suspense, Jaws is also a great character story. Brody is an everyday hero and very likeable because of his convictions. The character goes through an arc of wanting to do what's right, ultimately failing, but then having the determination to redeem himself despite his flaws. Scheider is excellent at portraying Brody as an average guy, instead of some larger than life action hero, who is thrown into this horrible situation and this makes him very relatable throughout.
Brody's companions, Hooper and Quint, are also well-written characters who are easy to root for; Hooper, an intelligent and eager marine biologist, and Quint, the rough sailor and experienced shark hunter. There's a scene later in the film where the two, with Brody, tell the stories behind their scars. What starts off as a relatively funny scene turns into a much more serious moment of character development and we are given a greater understanding of whom these characters are – it really is fantastic writing.
Overall Jaws is a brilliantly made film that is able to take what on the surface might seem to be a silly concept and turn it into a terrifying cinematic experience. An excellent score, interesting characters and well-built suspense all mean that this Spielberg classic is still a must-watch.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Transgender recruits will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1. That's the word from the Pentagon.
The latest decision means the ban that President Donald Trump ordered has suffered another legal setback. The new policy reflects the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand earlier this year to bar transgender individuals from the military.
Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban and on Monday a federal court judge denied a government request to set aside the January start date for enlistment.
Beijing, May 30 - Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Wednesday China wanted stability when it looked to Italy but had faith in the Italian government and institutions to provide that. She said that Italy was a strategic partner in the EU for China. "We are not worried," she said. "Perhaps there are some difficulties at the moment in forming a new government, but I think that in the nd they will find a way".
© Max und Moritz / Global Look Press
The heroin epidemic is killing so many people in the state of Maryland that its medical examiner's office is straining to keep up, which could threaten its accreditation. Autopsies in the state have grown 40 percent since 2010 - almost 100 more a year."Everyone continues to add on work hours and work faster and hopefully not take short cuts," Dr. David R. Fowler, Maryland's chief medical examiner, told the Baltimore Sun. "They absorb this extra load. But there is a point where they can't continue to add to that and expect the system will function."Medical examiner pathologists are accredited to carry out a set number of autopsies a year to ensure quality control and confidence in the results. The situation has implications for the criminal justice and public health systems, which rely on the autopsies in court cases."Maryland is currently fully accredited," Peterson said. "But as is the case with many offices, it might be facing loss of that accreditation due to the intersection of caseload and staffing level."The office handled 14,385 cases in fiscal year 2016 for deaths caused by injury, homicide, or suicide and those that were untimely, suspicious, or not attended by a physician. The office performed 5,439 autopsies.Deaths from drug overdose in the state rose to 1,468 in the first nine months of 2016, up from 1,259 for all of 2015, andOf those deaths, 900 were related to heroin, and more than 700 related to fentanyl - a more powerful opioid that is often mixed with heroin.In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, the agency's pathologists were on target to perform 328 autopsies, exceeding the limit of 325 for maintaining accreditation.The challenge is not limited to Maryland.AP reported that the Connecticut medical examiner's office had considered renting a refrigerated truck to store extra corpses, because its storage area had neared capacity at times.In Wisconsin, the Milwaukee County medical examiner's office sometimes had to put bodies on Army style cots in its refrigerated storage because it was running out of gurneys.The Hamilton County coroner's office in Cincinnati had a 100-day backlog of DNA testing for police drug investigations, largely because of increased overdose deaths.A record 47,055 people died from drug overdose in the US in 2014, according to the latest figures from the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The number was up seven percent from 2013, spurred by increases in heroin and opioid painkiller deaths.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The number of Daesh fighters killed is 10,000 higher than what was reported in December, when US officials said 50,000 fighters had been killed, Military.com reported.
© AFP 2016/ AHMAD AL-RUBAYE UN Reduces Humanitarian Activities in Eastern Mosul Due to Daesh Drone Attacks
"To date, US coalition military efforts have resulted in the deaths of more than 60,000 Islamic State [Daesh] militants over the course of a two-year campaign," the commander of US Special Operations Command US Army Gen. Raymond Thomas was quoted by Military.com as saying at a defense industry conference on Tuesday.
The US-led campaign to defeat Daesh is known as Combined Joint Task Force — Operation Inherent Resolve, which operates in Iraq and Syria.
Daesh is outlawed in Russia and numerous other countries around the world.
© AFP 2017/ TED ALJIBE Raytheon Wins Contract to Supply US Navy Combat Helicopter Parts
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Raytheon has been awarded a more than $82-million contract to produce AIM-9X Sidewinder air-to-air missiles and supporting equipment for the US Navy as well as for Poland, Romania, Belgium and Indonesia, the Department of Defense announced in a press release.
"Raytheon Co., Missile Systems, Tucson, Arizona, is being awarded $82,818,665 to a previously awarded contract for procurement of 180 AIM-9X Block II all-up-round tactical full-rate production Lot 17 missiles for the Air Force (52); Navy (8); and the governments of Poland (93); Indonesia (14); Romania (10); and Belgium (3)," the release stated on Wednesday.
Under the terms of the contract, Raytheon must also provide supporting equipment to include missile containers, air training missiles, guidance units and spare parts, the release added.
The provision of the missiles to the four nations is part of a US sanctioned foreign military sale.
The Sidewinder is an infrared-tracking, short-range air-to-air missile. The missile is carried by US Air Force F-15, F-16 and US Navy F-18 aircraft, and is also use by the air forces of 18 foreign nations.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's speech on Tuesday from the historic Red Fort on India's 71st Independence Day was his shortest so far in the last four years.
PM Modi this time spoke for nearly 54 minutes while touching a host of issues from terrorism, triple talaq to cow vigilantism and his vision for a 'New India'.
In 2014, PM Modi's speech was 65 minutes long, 86 minutes long in 2015 and, in 2016, it lasted for 94 minutes.
PM Narendra Modi's predecessor Dr Manmohan Singh had delivered his shortest Independence Day speech in 2005 when he spoke for 50 minutes. Former Prime Minister and BJP veteran Atal Bihar Vajpayee spoke for only 30 minutes on Independence Day in 2002.
One of the longest speeches on Independence Day was delivered by first Prime Minister of the country Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. Nehru spoke for more than an hour addressing the people on country's first Independence Day celebration.
During his last 'Mann Ki Baat' - a popular monthly radio programme – Modi had admitted that he had received letters from people complaining that his Independence Day speeches were "a little too long".
Modi in the July episode of 'Mann Ki Baat' had promised to keep his Independence Day speech short.
Australian business investment missed expectations last quarter as manufacturers cut back on spending, yet other sectors including miners splashed out more on plants and machinery in a positive sign for economic growth.
Investment rose 0.4 per cent in the March quarter to $29.81 billion, data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) showed on Thursday.
That undershot forecasts for a 0.7 per cent gain, though largely because investment in the previous quarter was revised higher to show an increase of 0.2 per cent from a fall of 0.2 per cent.
Importantly, spending on equipment, plant and machinery climbed 2.5 per cent and should have added moderately to economic growth in the first quarter.
The miss on the headline number did little to move the Australian dollar, which at 1231 AEST was at 75.61 US cents, almost unchanged from levels ahead of the data release.
Figures due next week are likely to show Australia's $1.8 trillion gross domestic product expanded by anywhere from 0.5 per cent to 0.8 per cent in the quarter.
Helping the economy is the dimishing drag from the mining investment wind-down and an upswing in non-mining construction to meet the needs of a rapidly growing population.
The latest estimates for business investment in the year to June 2018 were upgraded further to $117.5 billion, from a previous $114.6 billion, topping most analysts forecasts of $115.1 billion.
Spending plans for sectors including utilities, construction and retail trade, were all running at record highs.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You'd think that most people would feel happy after sex . You'd hope so, anyway, but there's an infliction that causes some women to suffer an immense sadness after intercourse.
We're not talking about anything untoward. The sex will be consensual, and yet some women endure something called post-coital dysphoria, or tristesse.
The condition means women might feel sad, anxious, aggressive, agitated, or simply melancholic immediately after having sex – even if the sex was particularly good (in fact, it's even more likely in this case). It can be a lonely and frightening experience for women.
(Image: Getty)
The issue has been explored by Sophie Saint Thomas in Mic . She spoke to Jerilyn, 27, about the affliction.
"Even when I was single, the post-sex depression morphed into a different shade of empty. I always attributed it to the fear of being abandoned,” Jerilyn, who only gave her surname, said.
"I started to wonder if something was being taken from me every time I had sex, even though I enjoyed the act itself."
A recent study into the condition found that 46 per cent of the 230 female participants experienced post-coital dysphoria more than you think – "a few times" in the month prior to the research.
Importantly, researchers found that intimacy or the significance of the relationship didn't seem to matter. It's not just brought on by 'one-night stands' as you might assume.
Another study from 2011 revealed similar results. Around a third of women said they felt depressed after sex – even when it was "satisfactory".
(Image: Getty)
Sex therapist and counsellor at relationships charity Relate Denise Knowles told The Independent : "It's not uncommon to feel sad after sex.
"It's not necessarily due to a trauma or because they're regretful: it doesn't have to mean anything sinister is going on."
Denise said that it could be down to the explosion of hormones in the body that are prompted after sex, including endorphins, oxytocin, and prolactin.
"Having sex is a hugely intimate act and an orgasm releases lots of wonderful feel-good bonding hormones," she said.
"Those hormones drop following the peak of an orgasm, and as you separate from the closeness that brought it about, a sense of sadness can follow.
"You go from absolute joy and pleasure to being separated. That in its own way can cause women, and some men, to feel a bit sad. But it's an organic biological function which happens to a greater or lesser extent to many people."
Scientists think this could be an evolutionary function – something to keep people together so that they're more likely to have sex again, and therefore reproduce. But there's a lot more to discover.
Taiwanese smartphone maker Asus has launched its latest flagship device, the Zenfone 5z at an event in India. The device was announced during MWC 2018 held in Barcelona and was later launched in Taiwan and Europe. The device has now finally made its way to India after several rumors and teasers from the company.
The Asus Zenfone 5z is an affordable flagship from the company and has been priced competitively to take on the likes of OnePlus 6, Honor 10 and the upcoming Xiaomi Mi 8. The main highlights of the Zenfone 5z are its notch display, Snapdragon 845 SoC, dual camera setup and its price. The Zenfone 5z is the cheapest Snapdragon 845 powered smartphone in the country.
Asus Zenfone 5z Specifications
Starting with the design, the Zenfone 5z features a 2.5D glass at the back and the front. The device has been launched in Midnight Blue and Meteor Silver color options. It has an aluminum body with Zircon sandblast finish. The notch on the device can be hidden while using apps, allowing you to use them in 18:9 aspect ratio.
The Asus Zenfone 5z runs on Android 8.0 Oreo with ZenUI 5.0 skinned on top and the company has promised an upgrade to Android P. The device features a 6.2-inch full HD+ 2.5D curved Super IPS display with a resolution of 2246 x 1080 pixels and an aspect ratio of 19:9. The display is protected by Corning Gorilla Glass and features a notch at the top.
In terms of performance, the Zenfone 5z is powered by an octa core Qualcomm Snadpragon 845 SoC coupled with Adreno 630 GPU. In terms of memory, the device has been launched in three variants – 6GB RAM + 64GB internal storage, 8GB RAM + 128GB internal storage and 8GB RAM + 256GB internals storage.
Coming to the camera department, the Asus Zenfone 5z features a dual camera setup at the back consisting of a 12MP primary camera with Sony IMX363 sensor, f/1.8 aperture, 1.4μm pixel size, 4-axis OIS/EIS, dual pixel phase detection autofocus, and a secondary 8MP camera with OV8856 sensor, f/2.0 aperture and a 120-degree wide-angle lens.
The Asus Zenfone 5z is powered by a 3,300mAh battery and supports ASUS BoostMaster Fast Charging and AI charging. Connectivity options on the device include 4G VoLTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 ac, Bluetooth 5.0, 3.5mm audio jack, FM Radio, GPS and a USB Type – C port.
Other features on the device include a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, dual speakers featuring NXP 9874 Smart AMP, DTS Headphone: X for 7.1 channel surround sound and three microphones for noise cancellation.
Pricing and Availability
The Asus Zenfone 5z has been priced at Rs. 29,999 for the 6GB RAM + 64GB storage variant, Rs. 32,999 for the 8GB RAM + 128GB storage variant and the premium 8GB RAM + 256GB variant is priced at Rs. 36,999. The device will be available in Meteor Silver and Midnight Blue color options exclusively from Flipkart starting from July 9.
Asus Zenfone 5z Launch Offers
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
NEW LONDON, Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family, December 7, 2017.
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries, but not all can make it home for the holidays.
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Lauren Laughlin
Date Taken: 12.11.2017 Date Posted: 12.11.2017 15:01 Category: Newscasts Audio ID: 50330 Filename: 1712/DOD_105162317.mp3 Length: 00:00:59 Year 2016 Genre Blues Location: US
Web Views: 9 Downloads: 0 High-Res. Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Air Force Radio News 11 December 2017 B, by A1C Cory Kuttler, identified by DVIDS, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.dvidshub.net/about/copyright.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TX Maxx has threatened to sue a small fashion shop – but the reason probably won't surprise you.
The budget designer chain has warned of legal action against its much smaller rival business because of its familiar sounding name.
Blackpool businessman Mark Brooks opened PK Max at the end of the resort town's famous promenade at Easter in a bid to rejuvinate an area filled with empty shops .
Although he admits his choice of name was a bit "tongue in cheek" and his red signage looks very similar to TK Maxx's, he says he was stunned when he received a letter from the store's lawyers.
(Photo: Mirror Screen Grab)
(Photo: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
But they accused him of "trading off" the company's name and is demanding he use a different name.
This is despite him claiming he came up with his moniker after merging his nickname and the name of his partner.
And Mr Brooks, 44, says he'll probably have to give in to TK Maxx because he can't afford to get involved in a legal battle.
He said: "My family have been in retail since 1949.
"I run Brooks Memorabilia next door - my nickname is Max, comes from my mother's maiden name - and my partner's name is Paul Kelly - he runs the rock shop on the other side."
"Yes we knew the name was a bit of tongue in cheek but there is also a toy store in Blackpool with the same logo as the film Toy Story, there's also an ice cream shop called Ken and Terry's.
"It's not like we were ever going to be competition for them and start opening stores in Paris or anything. We're just a small family-run store.
(Photo: SWNS - Leeds SWNS.com)
"We were honestly doing our bit for Blackpool, there's nothing worse than empty shops."
But he says the letter has shaken him to his core when he realised what a serious matter it could be.
He added: "The letter was hand-delivered on Saturday morning and I had to sign for it.
"My heart did go a bit because you really don't want to go around upsetting big companies and getting yourself in a legal mess.
"Of course we're going to change the name – we are not going to get in a wrangle with a big company who could crush us in a minute.
TK Maxx declined to comment.
After one win from each team in the Race of Champions‘ Nations Cup final, it was René Rast who secured victory for Team Germany at the King Fahd International Stadium. Partnering with fellow sportscar ace, Timo Bernhard, the pair eventually defeated Team Latin America.
The result sees Germany take their eighth Nations Cup victory, extending their lead as the most successful to date. It does however, mark the teams first success without Sebastian Vettel.
Both Finale teams had been present in Group A, where they were placed alongside Josef Newgarden and Ryan Hunter-Reay of Team USA and Mexican representative Abraham Calderon, neither would progress. Each driver was given three heats, with Juan Pablo Montoya and Bernhard winning all their encounters.
Two wins from three for Rast saw five for Germany and automatic qualification, while three-time Indy 500 champion Helio Castroneves could only win once, leaving Latin America with four overall.
This proved to be enough though, and after a timing error initially gave the Semi-Final place to Team Sweden (who had also scored four wins in their group) Latin America were rewarded with a place alongside Group B winners Team Nordic.
Group B had seen Johan Kristoffersson of Sweden the only driver to win all his heats, but was let down by Joel Eriksson, while Rudy Van Buren of SIM Racing All-Stars, provided the upset of the night, winning two heats against Formula 3 stars Lando Norris and Eriksson. Team Great Britain and SIM Racing would also fail to qualify.
Finally Group C was made up of the local middle-east teams, with Team Saudi Arabia beating the UAE and Lebanon based on the best heat time of 59.34 seconds set by Ahmed Bin Khanen. He was the only driver in the group under one minute despite being the ROC Factor rookie representative.
The Semi's though would not be as successful for Saudi though, with Team Germany beating Khanen and WRC teammate Yazeed Al-Rajhi 2-0.
Montoya would beat Team Nordic's Tom Kristensen in the opening round, with Petter Solberg pulling it back to 1-1. Both drivers had been the stars of last years ROC, though it would be Montoya who continued his unbeaten run by defeating the Norwegian in the final leg.
As expected this set up a final between Germany and Latin America, with Rast taking first blood against Montoya in the Whelen NASCAR, a vehicle the Colombian should have been familiar with. Castroneves saved face by taking only his second win, against the until-then undefeated Bernhard in the Vuhl 05 by 1.5 seconds.
Rast was chosen for Team Germany, stepping up against Castroneves for the final, but it was not to be for the South Americans with Rast taking the flag and the title, in what was his and Bernhard's first ever ROC.
Rast commented; “The whole event is so much fun and I've really enjoyed being here, driving against these big stars. There are all these names that I used to watch when I was young: in Formula 1, in World Rally, all these different categories. So now to compete against these guys and to end up winning? It's like a dream come true…”
While Bernhard added; “We know Team Germany have a big history here at the Race Of Champions. In Germany we call the team ethic ‘Mannschaft' and there's something about it that also seems to correlate with motor sport. So we're very proud to win the ROC Nations Cup.”
BELLEVILLE, Ill. (AP) — The gunman who shot a top GOP congressman and several other people Wednesday at a baseball practice outside the nation's capital had a long history of lashing out at Republicans and once frightened a neighbor by firing a rifle into a field behind his Illinois house.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, wounded House Rep. Steve Scalise before he was fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip.
In the hours after the attack in Alexandria, Virginia, a picture began to emerge of an attacker with a mostly minor arrest record who worked as a home inspector and despised the Republican Party.
On Facebook, Hodgkinson was a member of a group called “Terminate the Republican Party,” a fact that seemed to take on new meaning in light of an account from South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan, who said that as he was preparing to leave the baseball field, a man politely asked him whether it was a Democrat or Republican team before quietly walking off.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of his house. His Facebook page shows that he was a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who last year made an unsuccessful presidential bid. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on his 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers show that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to his local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Related Content: Rifle-wielding gunman wounds lawmaker, then killed by police
Hodgkinson, who spent most of his life in the community of 42,000 just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, he wrote: “I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit.”
Less than a year later, on March 4, 2011, he wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
“Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience,” he wrote.
Later that year, in October 2011, he applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators “are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes.”
Hodgkinson also had arrests in his background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious offense. Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. His most serious problems came in 2006, when he was arrested on a battery charge.
In April 2006, he was arrested on two counts of battery — one for striking a man in the face with a wood shotgun stock and another for punching a woman with his fist, as well as a count of unlawful damage to a motor vehicle for cutting the passenger seatbelt of the woman's car with a knife. According to the court clerk, the charges were dismissed in November of that year.
Related Content: Connecticut lawmakers react to Virginia shooting
Though there are no other legal problems listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as March 24.
Bill Schaumleffel recalled that he heard loud shots being fired outside his house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When he went outside, he saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into or on a cornfield. He was squeezing off five or six shots at a time and, according to the report of the incident, fired about 50 shots in all.
“I yelled, ‘Quit shooting toward the houses,'” he said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
“I told the sheriff, ‘I don't know what's the matter with that guy, but he can't be shooting like that,'” he said.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation involving the high-powered hunting rifle, which he said he was simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about doing such shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
“He said, ‘I understand,' and said he needed to take the gun to a range to shoot it, Watson said. “There was nothing we could arrest him for, and there was no indication he was mentally ill or going to harm anyone.
“The only thing I was concerned about was that it was such a high-powered gun, and that somebody could possibly get hurt. We try to make sure people are reasonable when doing this.”
Watson said the deputy on Wednesday recalled Hodgkinson as being “very cordial.”
Dale Walsh, 65, of Belleville, said he was a lifelong friend of Hodgkinson's. He said Hodgkinson spent most of his life building homes but in recent years turned to home inspections.
Walsh said Hodgkinson never talked politics with him and did not seem prone to violence. But he said he was a passionate person who occasionally got into fights.
“He was the type of person that if you challenged him, he wouldn't back off.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's 2045 and the world has been brought to its knees after riots and war. There's famine and poverty wherever you look - apart from inside The Oasis.
The real world is a mess, but the Oasis offers you everything. You can look how you want, be how you want. People enter on the promise of what they can do, but stay for what they can be.
Then there's the added promise - and premise of the movie - the creator of The Oasis, James Halliday, has set a competition. When he died he left a message. Inside The Oasis are three hidden ‘keys'. Whoever finds the keys will win the virtual Easter Egg and control over The Oasis and his trillion dollar business.
RP1 sees Tye Sheridan play Wade Watts, an orphaned teen that lives with his aunt and her abusive boyfriend in the Stacks, a slum he escapes by plugging into the VR world known as the Oasis.
He has no friends, bar those he makes in online.
The movie flips between the expansive CGI environments within The Oasis and the dull and dank reality Wade inhabits.
We find Wade mid-search. Years have past since Halliday's death and no one is close to solving his clue. Dedicated gamers have trawled through Halliday's memories in a bid to find answers.
Now the number searching has diminished, but among those that remain is the corrupt Innovative Online Industries aka IOI headed by Bolan Sorrento (Ben Mendelsohn) who has hired an army of people to ‘game' for him.
There's also Art3mis, a beautiful avatar, who catches Wade's attention as she also battles to find the keys, but with the intention of keeping them out of the hands of IOI.
Just as this review has been mainly laying out the set up, the movie spends the first part laying the foundation and rules to The Oasis and explaining Wade's life. If you can keep up and follow his narration (and ours) you're in for a treat.
Based on Ernest Cline's novel of the same name, Ready Player One, is for the die-hard Steven Spielberg fans.
Crammed full of Easter eggs and pop culture references it could easily have given way under all that weight, but RP1 manages to somehow embrace them and weave them into the story.
Wade jumps into his delorean, dons Duran Duran's wardrobe of choice (as well as Michael Jackson's Thriller outfit) and throws out gaming and movie knowledge like he's a walking encyclopedia. There's even the Iron Giant.
This is Spielberg's love letter to the 80s packaged for the 90s child. The hope clearly being that the movie straddles the holy grail, the coveted middle ground between grown-up nostalgia and kids entertainment.
The quests are different to the book, and that's where the main changes come in. No spoilers here, but the main plot points are largely changed from the book, though the spirit remains the same. After all, isn't that how the best games work? The journey changes and the destination may be obvious, but it's the experience that counts.
While structurally RP1 is not that sophisticated, or unpredictable (and has a glaring need to flesh out some of the sidekick characters) it is packed full of humour and heart.
At its core RP1 is about entertainment. The issues and messages aren't anything new, they're just packaged differently, but ultimately it doesn't matter.
Tye Sheridan puts in a great show as Wade, convincing both as his avatar and the real life teen struggling to do the right thing. He's come a long way since X-Men: Apocalypse.
He jumps between the cool (but still geeky) Parsival in The Oasis, to the lonely and sweet teen Wade in real life.
Olivia Cooke as Art3mis is also a stroke of genius and Lena Waithe is an even better ‘surprise' as Wade's online best friend. The other sidekicks don't get as favourable showing and could have done with being fleshed out a bit more, but that's seems to be, in part, down to time.
If you're looking for an uplifting film with a story centering on love and friendship, with Spielberg's humour and geekery throughout, then RP1 is for you.
While a little on the long side (it comes in at 2hrs 20mins) and even more obvious in where it's taking you, it still manages to engage you thanks largely to the actors' performances, visuals and truck loads of references.
RP1 may not be perfect, but it places Spielberg back at his best.
Ready Player One is out March 29.
Director: Steven Spielberg
Screenplay: Zak Penn, Ernest Cline
Starring: Tye Sheridan, Olivia Cooke, Lena Waithe, Win Morisaki, Philip Zhao, Mark Rylance, Simon Pegg
Cert: 12 A
Running time: 140minutes
Just when you think the idiot Democrats who run the state of California with an iron fist have outdone their lunacy, they double and triple down on it.In recent years the state's Democrats have infringed on parental rights by imposing a vaccine mandate in which no one could opt their children out of the system, for any reason (including religious objections, which is a blatant violation of the First Amendment's religious freedom protections)."The vaccine discussion issue just got more complicated as California governor Jerry Brown signed SB 277. Just one day after lawmakers sent him the bill, Brown signed it into law, eliminating all personal and religious exemptions for vaccines for California's schoolchildren," Natural News reported in June 2015.Now, the state's war on parents who don't "conform" by sending their children to be indoctrinated in California's socialist-dominated public schools are going to be subject to the same treatment as a child abuser or molester.As reported by the Washington Examiner Because you see, California's Democrats can't allow even one child to grow up thinking he or she doesn't need them to survive, or that there actually is another party and political ideology 'out there.'"This measure would shift the burden to the parent to prove to the government's satisfaction his or her parental fitness," the Washington Examiner reported. "This is absurdly unconstitutional."What has prompted this big government lunacy - an admittedly horrible one, but not one that should engulf California's entire homeschooling population:So, because in this one case - one very extreme, very rare, case - Democratic lawmakers now want to use it as an excuse to exert more government regulation and control over homeschooling throughout California, no doubt hoping that the most populous state's example will ripple across the country.In fact, lawmakers haven't wasted any time with this; already they have suggested they plan to introduce legislation to 'cure' the alleged 'problem' of laxity in private school choice options, which of course also entails homeschooling. (Related: IDIOT California teacher caught on VIDEO calling members of U.S. military 'dumbsh*ts, lowest of low' .)Measures already being floated include options for mandatory quarterly home visits by state government bureaucrats who, like all government regulators are motivated to find something wrong, in order to justify their miserable existence.Other suggestions include interviews from child protective services (see?) and additional government agencies, the Washington Examiner noted further."This kind of government regulation and oversight would reduce the valid legal option of homeschooling from a fundamental parental right, to direct the education and school choice for children, to compelled consent to government intrusion upon the sanctity and privacy of the home and school choice," the news site reported.Without a doubt. But then, that's the point, isn't it? Because as the Washington Examiner reports, not a single reporting agency that would know - the World Health Organization, the American Psychological Association, and others - list "homeschooling" as a child abuse risk factor.This is nothing more than California Democrats' using an extreme example of abuse and turning it into an opportunity to essentially regulate a private school option out of existence while padding the rosters of government schools so they can poison more kids' minds with anti-American Leftism.If you still live in California and you're fed up with these kinds of intrusions on your constitutional rights and liberties, you may as well pack up and leave because Democrats are going to run the state for the foreseeable future.
Hello and welcome to our Live updates from Day 2 of Ranji Trophy 2017-18, Round 1
10:45 am IST
Team Rajasthan 300/6 in 103.1 Overs
WICKET! Over: 91.6 Kaif 61(173) st Samar Dubhashi b Darshan Misal, Chhattisgarh 216/6
WICKET! Over: 25.3 Umang Sharma 25(44) lbw Ashish Yadav, Uttar Pradesh 66/2
10:14 am IST
Ishant Sharma 5 WICKETS! (20.0-7-38-5), Assam 258/10
WICKET! Over: 94.6 Krishna Das 11(14) ct Unmukt Chand b Ishant Sharma, Assam 258/10
10:10 am IST
Shubham Sharma 100 runs in 229 balls (11x4, 0x6) Madhya Pradesh 288/5
Chhattisgarh 200/5 in 83.3 Overs
10:00 am IST
End Innings: Saurashtra - 278/10 in 90.3 overs (Shaurya M Sanandia 2 off 12, K D Patel 2 off 7)
Ishant Sharma 4 WICKETS! (18.2-6-34-4), Assam 239/9
09:35 am IST
WICKET! Over: 90.3 P K Dogra 99(127) b Sandeep Sharma, Himachal 459/3
New Delhi: Himachal Pradesh opener Prashant Chopra cracked an unbeaten 271 while veteran Paras Dogra remained undefeated on 99 to help the hill state reach a mammoth 459/2 against Punjab on the opening day of the Ranji Trophy 2017-18 Group D match at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium in Dharamsala on Friday.
Chopra blasted 37 boundaries besides hitting a sixer in his 289-ball effort as Himachal also rode on skipper Sumeet Verma's 120-ball 79 to decimate Punjab on a pitch that assisted the pace bowlers earlier in the day.
Meanwhile, in Group A, India pacer Ishant Sharma shone with the ball to help Delhi restrict Assam to 224/7 on the opening day of their Ranji clash at the Feroz Shah Kotla.
Ishant returned with figures of (3/31) after Delhi opted to field after winning the toss.
For Assam, skipper Gokul Sharma (51) and Swarupam Purkayastha (57 not out) were the main contributors as the top order comprising the likes of Pallavkumar Das (18), Rishav Das (14) and Sibsankar Roy (11) failed to capitalise on their starts.
At stumps, pacer Abu Nechim Ahmed was unbeaten on a 28-ball 27 along with Purkayastha.
Delhi skipper Ishant was complemented well by his new ball partner Navdeep Saini (1/39), pacer Kulwant Khejroliya (1/46) and the off-spin duo of Pulkit Narang (1/39) and Nitish Rana (1/23).
In other Group A matches, the Railways were bundled out for a paltry 182 before Uttar Pradesh ended the day on 9/0 at the Ekana International Cricket Stadium in Lucknow.
Electing to bat, Ashish Yadav top-scored for the Railways with a patient 53 before the UP bowlers led by Ankit Rajpoot (3/30), Zeeshan Ansari (3/78) broke the backbone of the visitors' line-up. Skipper Suresh Raina also contributed with two wickets with his gentle off-spin.
In the third match of the group, rains forced abandonment of the first day's play between Hyderabad and Maharashtra at the Gymkhana Ground in Hyderabad.
In Group B, half centuries from Prerak Mankad (68) and wicketkeeper-bat Sheldon Jackson (51) lifted Saurashtra to 271/7 at the end of the first day's play against Haryana.
Pacer Ashish Hooda (4/59) shone with the cherry for the hosts at the Chaudhary Bansi Lal Cricket Stadium at Lahli.
In another Group B tie, Kerala off-spinner Jalaj Saxena (6/50) decimated Jharkhand`s batting to restrict them to 200/9 at the stumps on the opening day at the Greenfield International Stadium in Thiruvananthapuram.
Wicket-keeper Ishan Kishan provided some resistance with the willow, scoring a 100-ball 45 for the visitors.
In the other match of the group, Robin Bist`s (105) brilliant century provided the momentum for Rajasthan to score 249/4 against Jammu and Kashmir at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.
For the hosts, Ashok Menaria (69) and opener Amitkumar Gautam (51) also contributed with classy half tons.
In Group C, skipper Devendra Bundela missed his 27th first class ton by just one run but helped Madhya Pradesh to a comfortable 268/5 at stumps against Baroda at the Holkar Cricket Stadium in Indore.
Shubham Sharma (88 not out) was at the crease when the bails were dislodged for the day.
The first day's play of the Group C match between Odisha and Tripura was washed out without a single ball being bowled at the Vikas Cricket Ground in Cuttack.
In another Group C tie at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai, the star-studded Tamil Nadu side folded for a paltry 176 against Andhra Pradesh before the visitors reached 8/0 at stumps.
Baba Aparajith was the top scorer for the hosts with a valiant 137-ball 51 as Andhra's duo fo Bhargav Bhatt (4/52) and Prithvi Raj (3/39) ripped apart the Tamil Nadu batting.
In Group D, skipper Mohammed Kaif's patient 129-ball unbeaten 49 helped Chhattisgarh reach 189/5 at stumps on day 1 against Goa at Porvorim. Wicket-keeper Manoj Singh was unbeaten on 31 when the bails were removed for the day.
In another Group D tie, Bengal rode on Sudip Chatterjee's unbeaten 114 to score a healthy 341/3 at stumps against the Services at the Palam A Stadium.
For the tourists, the opening duo of Abhimanyu Easwaran (65) and Abhishek Raman (40) gave a flying start before Chatterjee and skipper Manoj Tiwary (69) stamped their authority in the match.
At stumps, India Test keeper Wriddhiman Saha (32 not out) was at the crease with Chatterjee.
Oct 06 - Oct 09
Rajasthan vs Jammu and Kashmir, Group B
Sawai Mansingh Stadium, Jaipur
Odisha vs Tripura, Group C
Vikas Cricket Ground, Bhubaneswar
Delhi vs Assam, Group A
Feroz Shah Kotla, Delhi
Uttar Pradesh vs Railways, Group A
Ekana International Cricket Stadium, Lucknow
Hyderabad vs Maharashtra, Group A
Gymkhana Ground, Hyderabad
Haryana vs Saurashtra, Group B
Ch Bansi Lal Cricket Stadium, Rohtak
Kerala vs Jharkhand, Group B
Greenfield International Stadium, Thiruvananthapuram
Madhya Pradesh vs Baroda, Group C
Holkar Cricket Stadium, Indore
Tamil Nadu vs Andhra, Group C
MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai
Services vs Bengal, Group D
Palam A Stadium, Delhi
Goa vs Chhattisgarh, Group D
Goa Cricket Association Academy Ground, Porvorim
Himachal Pradesh vs Punjab, Group D
Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium, Dharamsala
Police will allege Corey David Edward Magee is the mastermind behind a drug syndicate.
Police will allege Corey David Edward Magee is the mastermind behind a drug syndicate.
A GOLD Coast shed builder is accused of being the master mind of a cross border drug syndicate that was supplying prisoners in NSW jails and offloading cocaine for $210,000 a pop.
Corey David Edwards Magee fronted Tweed Heads Local Court yesterday charged with knowingly direct activities of a criminal group, an outstanding warrant, supply large commercial quantities of illegal drugs and ten supply illegal drug charges. He did not enter a plea or apply for bail.
Corey David Edward Magee is alleged to have used crypto currencies and encrypted phones to run his large-scale drug business.
Police will allege the 26-year-old used members of his family to transport the drugs and did deal via encrypted emails.
He will also be accused of getting cocaine from gangs in NSW and using his shed business as a front for the syndicate.
Police raided Mageeâ€™s Bilinga beachfront apartment on Tuesday and properties in Lismore and Byron Bay as part of NSW Police Strike Force Trevalsa.
Magee's father, Mark Stanley Magee, and Jesse Vilkelis-Curas were also arrested on Tuesday.
Police claim they found 7kg of MDMA, cocaine and cannabis in the raids.
Police will allege Corey David Edward Magee from Bilinga was the principle organiser of a large-scale drug ring.
The raids come a month after police allegedly intercepted a deal between Corey Magee and a police witness in Sydney on April 13.
Police will allege the witness handed over $210,000 for 1kg of cocaine at a Bunnings store.
The same witness allegedly arranged to meet Magee in Kingscliff to buy 1kg of MDMA for $46,000. Magee was arrested at 1.30pm in Chinderah.
The police insider had allegedly been recording conversations with Magee since they met in Byron Bay four months ago.
At their first meeting, Magee allegedly told the witness he had access to large quantities of drugs.
Police search a house in North Lismore and arrest an occupant at the house. Photo: Marc Stapelberg.
The pair allegedly kept in contact through encrypted emails on Blackberrys and Samsungs and met once more at the Chinderah Tavern just on the southern side of the Tweed River.
Police will allege the drug network included supplying inmates at South Coast Correctional Centre at Nowra.
The small-framed but muscular Magee appeared in court by videolink yesterday and politely thanked magistrate for adjourning his case to August 7.
Police search a house in North Lismore and arrest an occupant at the house. Photo: Marc Stapelberg.
Lawyer Geoff Gallagher, representing both Corey and Mark Magee, declined to comment.
Mark Magee, 53, appeared charged with supply illegal drugs, participate in a criminal group, possess illegal drug and possess or use a prohibited weapon without permission.
His matter was adjourned to June 18.
Both father and son did not offer a plea or apply for bail during their short mention.
Vilkelis-Curas, 22, appeared in Lismore Local Court charged with two supply large commercial quantities of drugs, supply illegal drug and participate in criminal group.
His case was adjourned until August 7 and he did not apply for bail.
WASHINGTON (WCMH) — Happy birthday, President Donald Trump!
The President turns 71 today.
And he may be getting a big birthday card as a gift.
According to CNN, last week, First Lady Melania Trump asked supporters to sign a card for her husband.
Signers must make a donation to the Trump “Make America Great Again” committee.
In a letter to supporters, Melania Trump said birthday celebrations always include family and close friends.
Trump shares his birthday with Flag Day and the U.S. Army's 242nd birthday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mother with dwarfism is being hauled to court by education bosses because she can't get her son to school on time.
Michelle Harris, 32, says she often struggles to drop off her seven-year-old at school without being late.
Yet instead of showing understanding for her disability, she claims authorities are trying to penalise her.
Later this month she is due in court and facing a fine for her boy's “failure to regularly attend school”.
But she disputes this, claiming because he was too late for registration he was marked as absent.
Michelle said senior school figures had advised her to leave earlier to make it on time.
(Image: Sonja Horsman)
She said: “I'm a dwarf, I can't go any faster. I can't run like other people. I already get up at 6.30am but when I wake my hip is in agony.”
The 3ft 6in mum was born with a degenerative joint condition known as pseudoachondroplasia.
She has a curvature of the spine, a knee misalignment and will need a hip operation.
The condition leaves her in crippling pain. When she wakes she needs a bath to ease the agony.
She said: “I can only go as quick as I can. I can't walk fast, I can't walk far. They should be asking how I cope and if they can help, not pointing the finger at me.
“I need help but there's no provision for people who have my condition. It's unjust to fine someone on the basis of their limitations.”
Welfare officers from Redbridge Council in East London raised concerns about the situation and put her in touch with a voluntary organisation.
But she declined its help because it would have meant a different person each day escorting her son to the school gates.
Michelle, a freelance writer, said: “I try to live a normal life despite my disability. I don't draw my curtains and think the world is too much to bare. I try and get on with it.
(Image: Googlemaps)
“To me it's important to get ready before I leave the house looking respectable. The world already stares at me and I don't want people looking at me and feeling sorry for me. I want to change people's perceptions.”
Records show her son attended 71 per cent of a possible 114 times at Nightingale Primary School in South Woodford during the last term of the 2016/17 year.
Michelle, of Ilford, has appealed against a penalty notice issued for “persistent lateness” which the school said it had been issued correctly.
She said: “I've always maintained that my disability will not affect my son's education.
“It is unfair that I'm being penalised due to my ­disability. I'm a single mum with no support – I have to do this all by myself. If there was fund to help people like me that would change my life. I'm trying to do everything I can as a single mother but I'm half the size.”
Michelle is due at Barkingside Magistrates Court on February 16.
Redbridge Council was approached for a comment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum sent a cryptic 'goodbye' text to her in-laws just hours before she, her husband and child died in a deliberate house blaze.
One of the parents deliberately poured petrol around the bedroom to start the fire that killed the family.
However, the coroner could not make a decision on which of the parents started the blaze and recorded open verdicts on them both.
The six-year-old son was ruled out as the arsonist, with the coroner ruling he had been unlawfully killed.
Tiago Nunes, 30, his wife Adriana, 41, and six-year-old Tiago junior, known as Tito, were all found burned to death on a bed inside the farmhouse which burned all night without anyone realising what was happening.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Days after the fire it was reported Adriana had sent a number of cryptic messages to her sister-in-law Cecilia Nunes, 44.
In the messages she appeared angry that her family had missed her birthday, reported The Sun.
Cecilia said: "She texted me. The message said ‘goodbye', but I deleted it because I was very upset.
"Another said ‘thank you very much family for my birthday'."
"I think that's strange because we didn't send any birthday message. I can't believe what happened."
Detectives found a hatchet and scythe in the room, as well as the remains of the family's two pet cats.
The inquest was told Mr Nunes had access to cans of petrol and diesel at the farm and during the night one of the containers was taken inside the farmhouse in Reigate, Surrey.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Forensic evidence given to the coroner in Woking, Surrey, heard petrol had been sprinkled around the bedroom as little Tito slept on the bed and it was then set on fire.
The inquest was told that the fatal fire happened on January 24 last year - a day after Adriana's birthday.
She had previously tried to commit suicide and had been the mother of another child in Chile, who her ex-partner refused to allow her to see.
The child killed herself aged 16 years, the inquest was told.
Mr and Mrs Nunes had settled in Reigate and had young Tito. They all lived together in the isolated rented farmhouse in Trumpet Hill Road.
After their deaths a JustGiving website page was set up to raise money to send the three bodies back to their home country of Portugal.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: PA)
Their Little Stanton Farm Cottage had burned all night and was razed to the ground before the alarm was sounded by Mr Nunes' boss, farmer Adrian Smart, the next day when the father failed to arrive for work.
Mrs Nunes worked as a cleaner and their little 'Tito' attended North Downs Primary School.
Giving evidence, Tiago's sister, Manuela Nunes, said her sister-in-law had struggled with depression after feeling "guilty about leaving her daughter behind", and on one occasion had taking an overdose.
"Adriana called me many times to say she hadn't the will to live any more," she told assistant coroner Christopher Sutton-Mattocks.
"I would always try to encourage her and tell her that God had given her another chance to be a mother so take the chance and do the best you can, and you're a great mum."
Miss Nunes, who described how her brother adored his son, said Mrs Nunes had told her on many occasions that she wanted to kill herself.
"Tiago had told me once that if something ever happened to Adriana he wouldn't have the will to live and they would probably all go together," she said.
The inquest heard how Mr Nunes, who had worked for Mr Smart as gardener, was heavily in debt at the time of their deaths.
(Image: Facebook)
Earlier, Mr Smart told the inquest at first he did not realise something serious had happened when he went to check on the family at around 11am.
"Because the walls were standing it took me a moment or two to realise there wasn't a roof," he said.
"I went in through the front door and to the bedroom where they slept. I saw a charred bed but I didn't see any body parts, and I actually clung to the belief, somehow or another, that somehow they got out."
In a locked and alarmed shed there was supposed to be two five litre white Jerry cans containing petrol and diesel, which Mr Nunes had access to, the inquest was told.
However, when police asked Mr Smart to check their contents he found one of the cans was empty.
Neighbour's and witness described hearing an explosion at about 1.38am and seeing a glow in the distance.
A fire investigation found that such was the force of the explosion it caused a 100kg window to be blasted 15-and-a-half metres outside, and the bedroom's adjacent wall to collapse.
(Image: Facebook)
Surrey Fire and Rescue fire investigator Paul Risbridger said petrol had been detected in three different areas of the bedroom.
"We concluded the cause of the fire was deliberate ignition of petrol vapour," he said.
"The fact there was petrol in the bedroom while there are people in the bedroom where there is no reason for petrol to be there, there was no other cause to the fire."
The remains of light green Jerry can were also found in the kitchen.
Detective Chief Inspector Paddy Mayers, of Surrey Police, said that it found Tito was asleep next to his mum at the time of the explosion.
"The conclusion was the fire was ignited from within the room and whoever caused or ignited that fire was in that room, and if there was a third party they would have been killed at the time of that explosion," he said.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: PA)
(Image: GEOFF ROBINSON PHOTOGRAPHY)
Delivering his conclusion, Mr Sutton-Mattocks found the six-year-old had been unlawfully killed and recorded open verdicts for Mr and Mrs Nunes.
"Someone in the family poured petrol in the bedroom and ignited it, quite why will never become clear," he said.
"I agree with the police's evidence of ruling Tiago Jr out. He'd have to get out of bed, go fetch the petrol and poured it without either parent stopping him doing so.
"I reject that as a possibility. He was only six-years-old and he could not be party in any joint decision, even if he had been, on the account of his age.
"For Tiago and Adriana, I am unable to reach any conclusion which of the two of them ignited and caused the explosion."
In a statement after the hearing, the Nunes family said it was difficult for them to understand what happened that terrible day.
"Even after today we still have many questions that are simply unable to ever be answered and sadly we are told we will have to forever suffer the torment of never knowing for sure," they said.
"Their passing leaves us all with a huge hole in our hearts that will never heal. They are, and always will be, missed so much.
"We ask that we be left to grieve for our loved ones in peace and that our privacy be respected during this incredibly difficult time."
Swarms of fans descend on airport to greet Oscar
Stars out in force for EPIC new FIFA 17 advert
Is James Rodriguez coming to the UK?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid fans have made it very clear they want James Rodriguez to stay at the Bernabeu amidst speculation linking him with a move away from the club.
The above video shows supporters swarming his white Mercedes and pleading with the Colombian to remain a Los Blancos player.
They can be heard shouting: "Don't leave us, please don't go," as he hangs out the window of his car and happily signs autographs.
Chelsea are believed to be interested in signing the playmaker, who has at times struggled to convince Zinedine Zidane of his importance to the first team.
(Photo: ASTV)
He has made only four starts for the European champions this term, but his father Wilson claimed that despite this, he will not be leaving the club.
"He has a commitment to Real Madrid and he has a contract," Goal report Wilson Rodriguez telling Colombian media. Adding: "He is going to stay".
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
But the 25-year-old previously said: "I can't guarantee that I'll stay at Real Madrid after the winter window. I have offers and 7 days to think."
Rodriguez's agent Jorge Mendes has also had his say on the matter, and claimed his client has nothing to prove.
(Photo: AFP)
"He's a top player. Mendes told Sky Italia. "He can play anywhere. He doesn't have to prove anything.
"He's a player who has done well. Now, he has to recover to convince Zidane."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brave schoolboy suffers from a potentially deadly 'one in a million' condition that means simply falling asleep could kill him.
Benji Bowker, 10, stops breathing "the minute" he drifts off due to the rare condition, which affects about only 60 people in the UK.
His small body has to rely on the help of a machine to breathe.
The youngster, from Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, was also almost strangled by his umbilical cord in the womb, causing brain damage.
This has resulted in severe learning and social difficulties, his family say.
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner/MEN MEDIA)
(Image: GoFundMe)
He is currently unable to read or write properly and suffers from short-term memory loss, which means he struggles to remember things.
Benji was born with Congenital Central Hypoventilation Syndrome (CCHS), a condition so rare the family's GP had not even heard of it.
The condition affects the part of the youngster's brain which controls his automatic breathing, The Huddersfield Daily Examiner reports.
This means that when he falls asleep his body is unable to breathe without the help of a machine.
For the first two years of Benji's life, his parents had to take it in turns being on duty as he slept in case of problems with the machine.
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner/MEN MEDIA)
(Image: GoFundMe)
They have since been able to get a nurse who now watches him.
The schoolboy, who has a younger brother, Daniel, six, and lives in Marsh, receives one-to-one support at Reinwood Junior School.
Because of his short-term memory loss, he often forgets how to tie his own shoe laces, his parents, Justin and Jana, say.
But following a decade living with the condition, there are now fresh hopes for the family in the form of a four-legged friend.
Justin and Jana are raising money for a medical assistance dog who will be able to keep guard over Benji while he sleeps and press a button with its paw to raise the alarm if something goes wrong with the machine.
The family are also raising £20,000 for stem cell treatment, which doctors say may improve the damaged part of Benji's brain by as much as 60 per cent.
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner)
(Image: GoFundMe)
Justin, 49, said: “Anything we can do to improve our son's chance of living a normal, happy life and fitting in with society has to be worth a shot.
“We hear about some people left with similar forms of brain damage that are completely ostracised from the world.”
The total the family need to raise comes to £31,000 along with the £11,000 for the assistance dog.
Justin, a project manager for a telecoms company, added: “We've been researching the possibility of stem cell treatment for a few months now. We have spoken to many different clinics around the world.
“Unfortunately, we are worried some of them are scams so we're waiting until we're confident we've found one that is reputable where the treatment has a good chance of working.”
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner/MEN MEDIA)
(Image: GoFundMe)
The therapy uses stem cells – blank cells which have the ability to transform into any human cell in the body – to regenerate as healthy brain tissue.
“We would love for Benji to have a chance of growing up and getting some qualifications, leading a normal life and finding a partner,” Justin added.
“The assistance dog will also really benefit him as pretty soon he's going to be at the age where he doesn't want a nurse watching over him at night time.”
The family are organising fundraising events and have already managed to amass £15,000 towards the appeal.
A charity night is being Berties in Elland in February, while Justin also plans to do a skydive with the Red Devils next year.
(Image: GoFundMe)
Benji's Night is on February 2 and tickets are £35 a head.
For booking information, see Benji's Night – Raising funds for Stem Cell Therapy & a Medical Alert Dog on Facebook.
On a dedicated GoFundMe page, Benji's family describe how he was born by C-section because his umbilical cord was around his neck.
They say in a post: "Our 10 year old son Ben was born by emergency caesarian because his umbilical cord was wrapped tightly round his neck in the womb. This caused a certain degree of brain damage resulting in severe learning and social difficulties.
"He has the chronological age of 5 years and will not be attending mainstream school after primary level which is so sad.
"The poor lad has short term memory loss so remembering things he has learnt is fulitile. At 10 years old he still cannot read and write or even remember how to tie his shoe laces.
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner/MEN MEDIA)
"There is however, a treatment available to repair his brain damage similar to the treatment for Cerebral Palsy but it's only available in certain countries like Switzerland and it's also expensive."
They continue: "He was unfortunately also born with a rare and dangerous genetic condition called Congenital Central Hypoventilation Syndrome (CCHS ) where he stops breathing the minute he falls asleep.
"This could have also been a cause of some brain damage before he was diagnosed... There is no cure for that problem and he will suffer with it all his life but with Stem Cell Therapy he could definitely have a better life by repairing the damage caused to his brain."
They conclude the post: "Feel blessed if your children are healthy and thank you for taking the time to read this. Love, Justin & Jana."
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Bat-Signal will shine over Los Angeles in tribute to the late Adam West, the actor best-known for playing Batman in the campy 1960 television series.
Mayor Eric Garcetti says the Bat-Signal will be lit at L.A.'s City Hall at 9 p.m. Thursday.
In Batman comics, movies and TV shows, the Bat-Signal is a spotlight with the shadow of Batman's winged emblem that is shown on the night sky to call for Batman's help.
West died Friday at age 88.
Garcetti announced the event on Twitter and added the hashtag, #BrightKnight.
Batman is often referred to as the Dark Knight, but West's children said in a statement that he aspired to positivity and always saw himself as “The Bright Knight.”
The CTA Ventra card is getting a makeover, as the first batch of cards begins to expire.Ventra cards were first issued back in 2013. They will begin to expire on Dec. 31.If your Ventra card is registered through www.VentraChicago.com , you'll get an email notification to your current mailing address and receive a free replacement card in the mail. Those who tap their cards at Ventra vending machines will also receive expiration notifications.If your Ventra card isn't registered and it expires, you'll lose the value on the card, officials said.The new cards have an updated look and will go on sale starting Monday, Dec. 18. They will not include the prepaid debit feature. That functionality on the old cards will expire on Dec. 31.People who opened a prepaid debit account as part of their Ventra account will be able to transfer funds to a card offered by Money Network, which administered the feature for Ventra. They can also spend down their prepaid balances or have Money Network return the money via check.For more information, visit www.VentraChicago.com
The University of Providence Lady Argos are starting the season with a large recruiting class of 9 players. Coach Brian Clarke says the new faces add depth to the program and help with game approach.
"We definitely have a lot more energy. We have a lot more positivity on this team," said senior midfielder Serafina Robles. "I think that with those two we'll definitely be able to bring it together and get some wins in there."
The Argos are ranked 9th of 12 in the pre-season polls - but the team says that adds a little extra inspiration to prove what they can do.
"I think it adds a little motivation to the team, which is a great thing that we have something to strive for," said head coach Brian Clarke. "We have nothing to lose and everything to gain and that's the mentality that we're going to take into this season."
The Lady Argos will hold their first scrimmage against Gillette College on Friday, August 18th at 1:00 pm at Argo Field.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:02 Look at the massive water flow of Feather River, Sacramento River and Lake Oroville
0:37 American Red Cross operates shelter at Cal Expo
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:58 Boy celebrates third birthday in evacuation shelter in Chico with help of CHP officers
1:16 Evacuees wait to return after Oroville Dam threat: 'This is not happening'
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello urged Congress Monday to pass a $94.4 billion hurricane recovery package aimed at rebuilding the island's battered infrastructure.
“Puerto Rico's at a fork in the road,” Cuomo said at a news conference with Rossello in midtown Manhattan. “We will look back at this time 10 years from now, and if we do it right, we will rebuild a new Puerto Rico. If we do it wrong, it will be years and years and years before Puerto Rico recovers.”
More than $17 billion of the proposed funding would be used to revive and modernize the island's decimated power grid, according to a 108-report Rossello's office released Monday.
The report was compiled by Rossello's administration in consultation with Cuomo's Office of Storm Recovery, the financial consulting firm Deloitte and philanthropic groups including the Ford Foundation and the The Rockefeller Foundation.
Rosello said the island of more than 3 million U.S. citizens was looking for “fair” and “equitable” treatment on par with what other U.S. states receive from the Federal Emergency Management Agency when hit by natural disasters.
“We're not asking more, we're not asking less than other states, we're asking the same treatment that Texas would have gotten or that Florida would have gotten, or California, or the Virgin Islands,” said Rosello.
Cuomo and New York Democratic House members including Reps. Nita Lowey and Nydia Valazquez said relief efforts by Republican President Donald Trump have been slow-moving and insufficient, and noted that swathes of the island still are without power.
“The situation in Puerto Rico is devastating and the way it has been handled is an embarrassment for this nation,” said Cuomo.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment Monday. On Saturday, FEMA officials announced the agency had spent more than $1 billion on recovery efforts in Puerto Rico since Hurricanes Irma and Maria hit in September.
The money includes more than $259 million in housing assistance to rent, repair or rebuild residences and more than $470 million to municipalities for clean up efforts and to provide emergency generators for hospitals and other critical buildings.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) – Police are investigating the slaying of a man found shot at an Alabama apartment complex.
Birmingham police say officers were called Sunday evening to the HighPointe Apartments complex. The victim was found shot in one of the apartments.
Al.com reports that police say their preliminary investigation shows the slaying may have results from an argument over a gambling debt or a die game.
Police have not released the name of the victim.
A woman's decomposing body was found in October in a wooded area at the same apartment complex. The woman was identified as 34-year-old Ieasha Shakinna Abrams, but the cause of her death has not been determined.
Interior minister takes notice; matter already taken up with MoFA
Police officials, drug peddlers involved in breaking into diplomat's house, stealing valuables
ISLAMABAD: In a shocking revelation, some rogue elements in the federal capital police have been found involved in a daylight robbery at the residence of a senior North Korean diplomat.
As per reports, the cops took away valuables worth millions of rupees, including gold, diamond ornaments and 440 cartridges of high-quality imported liquor.
The matter has been taken up by the local police, as well as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as the incident is a blatant violation of diplomatic norms and the Geneva Convention.
When contacted, Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal said he would take up the matter the very next day, saying “those found involved in the matter would be taken to task.”
Exclusive documents available with Pakistan Today and subsequent investigations have revealed that, in an illegal raid on Oct 2, officials of P.S. Shalimar went beyond their limits and stole 450 cartons of legally imported liquor, 3,000 US dollars, laptop, gold and diamond ornaments, etc. from the residence of North Korean embassy's First Secretary Hyon Ki Yong.
However, ASI Malik Asif—the accused who has been found involved in the robbery in a CCTV footage—claims that high ranking police officers were involved in this business with notorious liquor smugglers Malik Brothers, and he is being made a scapegoat.
After the raid, the police officials allegedly registered a fake case, stating they have successfully recovered 240 bottles of imported wine during a snap checking at F-11/1 from a car (CG-428) driven by Muhammad Bashir
It is vital to note that Malik Brothers are running an illegal business of liquor and drugs smuggling in the federal capital since decades. “They have very strong roots in the police, interior ministry, ICT administration, judiciary, politics, as well as the journalist community, since they provide them free liquor whenever they want. Therefore, it is next to impossible to act against them,” said a police officer while requesting anonymity.
He said that there are a number of weak cases registered against them in various police stations.
“This is a police tactic to pressurise Malik Brothers by registering cases against them time and again just to ensure their monthlies on time, as well as to raise their rates,” he maintained.
The robbery came to the fore when Hyon Ki Yong returned from Beijing, China, the very next day of the robbery and found the locks of the house broken up. Subsequently, the diplomat approached Kohsar police station and filed a complaint about the whole episode.
“On October 3, I came back and was shocked to see that my house was missing some important things like diamonds, gold, officially imported wine, whiskey, laptop, computer, dollars, and much more. After that, I saw CCTV footage and was again surprised [to see] that some people in police uniform had raided my house no. 9A, street 42, F-7/1 on October 2 at 12:00 and stolen the said items,” Hyon Ki Young wrote in the complaint.
The police officials of Kohsar brought this matter to the knowledge of SSP Operations Sajid Kayani and IGP Khalid Khan Khattak. Afterwards, the top police officers ordered an inquiry.
It was revealed in the inquiry ASI Malik Asif of Shalimar police station, along with Head Constable Lal Shehbaz and Constable Tariq, had illegally raided the aforementioned house without any approval from the competent higher authorities on October 2 and stole 201 cases and three bottles of wine, 60 cases of beer, 100 cases of black whiskey, 10 royal boxes, 9 cases tequila, one TV and DVR, one computer, one laptop, two diamonds, and three thousand US dollars.
Afterwards, the Kohsar police station registered a case against the servant of the embassy official under section 381 of Pakistan Penal Code.
When contacted, the investigation officer ASI Ishtiaq Hussain said, on the directions of SSP Operations, the names of all three abovementioned police officials had been added in the already registered FIR of the incident.
SHO Kohsar Asjad Mehmood, while talking to Pakistan Today, said that the top police officials have suspended all the aforesaid police officials, and raids have been conducted to nab them; so far, nothing has been achieved in this regard.
“Today, we have recovered 731 bottles of stolen imported legal liquor from the secret flat of Malik Sagar [liquor vendor and a man of notorious Malik Brothers], and ASI Malik Asif at F-11/1 near the main road and police picket,” he said.
Additional reporting by Farid Sabri
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hotel Hell presenter Gordon Ramsay has been served up some bad news - his own £200-a-night ‘townhouse' is £13 million in the red.
The controversial chef stars in a show which aims to iron out the flaws in struggling hotels.
But it may be worth a look closer to home judging by his upmarket York & Albany hotel and restaurant's latest accounts.
The figures for the firm behind it, Gordon Ramsay (York and Albany) Ltd, show it lost £882,000 last year.
That brings the total liabilities for the firm to £13 million over eight years. The money was said to be borrowing for investment around two years ago.
But the posh venue has also been voted a disappointing 651 out of the 1066 hotels in London on TripAdvisor. That compares with top hotels like The Goring and The Ritz and first placed Hotel 41.
(Photo: Googlemaps)
Gordon's hotel compares so poorly amongst the capital's dozens of hotels that a string of budget places like Ibis and Travelodges are ranked higher.
Of the 297 reviews on TripAdvisor, 57 were average, with 37 rating it poor and 27 saying it was plain terrible.
Many have been left boiling mad by their experiences at the concern. Some took to the travel bible to tell him to take a dose of his own medicine.
One commented: "Ironic that Mr R is doing a programme called Hotel Hell. Mr R should start with his own place!
"Small dismal bog standard room, nothing like the ones on the website which boasts.
"The sink tap just spluttered cold water and the shower ran constantly cold.
"Breakfast was horrible ordered full English which appeared in about two minutes flat - obviously all pre-cooked and kept tepid while a choice of eggs was added - just nasty. Staff couldn't care less.
(Photo: Googlemaps)
"Wouldn't recommend and wouldn't go back - even with an offer very poor value for money."
The chef has starred in Hotel Hell on Channel 4.
And the publicity warns: "Gordon Ramsay travels across the USA visiting struggling hotels, motels and bed and breakfasts, attempting to fix their problems and turn the troubled establishments around."
The fiery businessman, 50, never fails to tell failing hotel owners that he knows the business inside out because he runs his own establishment.
Close to Regent's Park, the hotel website boasts: "Located between the tranquility of Regent's Park and lively Camden, the York and Albany is stylish and sociable townhouse.
"With nine gorgeously appointed bedrooms and suites, and easy access to central London and attractions, it makes an ideal place to enjoy a leisurely escape, a city shopping break or home from home for business."
Last year, a spokesman for the star stressed that guest feedback was welcomed and taken seriously ‘across all our properties'.
He added: “The York & Albany enjoys a strong online rating with the majority of TripAdvisor reviews having rated it as either ‘Excellent' or ‘Very Good'.”
(Photo: Getty)
Ramsay lost a court battle over his personal liability for the £640,000 rent on the business.
The chef's own ‘kitchen nightmare' stemmed from a bitter dispute with his estranged father-in-law Christopher Hutcheson, who was chief executive of his businesses until he was forced out in 2010.
Hutcheson was jailed for six months last week for hacking company computers to steal information during a high-profile dispute with the celebrity chef.
Sources close to Ramsay insisted the £13 million shown as liabilities in the accounts was cash earmarked for investment in his long term financial plans.
The financial results for the hotel show the onerous impact of the £640,000-a-year rent on the York & Albany's results.
But a spokeswoman for Gordon Ramsay Holdings said: “Overall the group is performing well and returned profits in the latest financial year.”
The giant fig tree on Castle Drive in Lennox Head that is scheduled to be cut down.
The giant fig tree on Castle Drive in Lennox Head that is scheduled to be cut down. Marc Stapelberg
RESIDENTS "immediately affected” by the fig tree in Castle Drive, Lennox Head, have written to The Northern Star's sister paper, the Ballina Shire Advocate, in order to "clarify some of the issues which may have been misunderstood by the community”. This is the letter submitted by Chris and Robin Lowry:
The tree is on Council land due to the initial subdivision requiring a clear space around the tree. The road was also realigned to allow for the tree.
For three years we have requested Council to consider options such as root barriers, guards etc. because we initially were keen to preserve the tree.
We have been advised that barriers are expensive and do not work well with fig trees. The failure of root barriers has been demonstrated to Council in the town area of Ballina recently.
The Council voted to remove the fig tree as the result of reports from structural engineers, arborists in this matter. With regard to the significant damage done to the masonry, driveway of our home, Council insurers are facing a substantial bill. Future costs will be borne by the ratepayers as the insurers now refuse to pay further claims to the two adjacent properties, which will inevitably occur if the tree problem is not addressed.
There is now also a question that the tree has internal disease resulting from previous pruning. Council requires the roots underlying the damage to be removed as part of repairs, which may further damage the tree.
Falling branches are also an issue with fig trees.
On Sunday and Monday Chris spent many hours talking to the neighbours in Castle to explain more fully the reasons for Council's decision to remove the tree. Many people said that if they were in our position they would do the same thing.
We appreciate the emotion that has arisen in the community but talking it through seemed the best way to go. We have felt the stress of this issue for some years and would be pleased for a resolution. We have worked amicably with Council exhausting all options for the tree, but oppose the rescission motion by only three Councillors, because the decision made at the last meeting was, regrettably, the correct one.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal will face off against Swedish side Ostersunds in the last-32 of the Europa League.
The Gunners avoided some top opposition in their draw - but will come up against an English manager in Graham Potter.
Arsenal's performances against Cologne, Red Star Belgrade and BATE Borisov ensured that they secured top spot with a game to spare.
Despite playing a slightly weakened side in every game, Arsene Wenger's men only lost one game during the group stages.
Celtic, meanwhile, have been drawn against Roberto Mancini's Zenit St Petersburg.
The two legs of the last-32 matches will take place on February 15 and February 22.
Teams will then return for the last-16 a couple of weeks later.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images)
Europa League last-32 draw in full
Borussia Dortmund vs Atalanta
Nice vs Lokomotiv Moscow
FC Copenhagen vs Atletico Madrid
Spartak Moscow vs Athletic Bilbao
AEK Athens vs Dynamo Kiev
Celtic vs Zenit St Petersburg
Napoli vs RB Leipzig
Red Star Belgrade vs CSKA Moscow
Lyon vs Villarreal
Real Sociedad vs FC Salzburg
Partizan Belgrade vs Viktoria Plzen
Steaua Bucharest vs Lazio
Ludogorets Razgrad vs AC Milan
Astana vs Sporting Lisbon
Ostersunds vs Arsenal
Marseille vs Braga
SIMCOE -
Norfolk staff is investigating the possibility of posting 911 civic addressing signs at the entryway to large expanses of farmland.
Waterford Coun. Harold Sonnenberg said last week that the lack of civic addressing in this area puts farmers and field workers at risk in the event of an emergency.
In a situation where minutes matter, Sonnenberg said it would be handy to be able to tell a 911 operator the precise location in the countryside where first responders are needed.
“If a combine catches fire, where does the farmer send the fire trucks?” Sonnenberg asked.
Chris Baird, Norfolk's general manager of development and cultural services, said the suggestion is worth looking at. Baird said properties marked would need a proper entrance that could accommodate emergency vehicles.
The issue was raised at Norfolk council April 17 during a discussion of changes to the county's civic addressing policies.
In his report to council, Richard Roberts, Norfolk's GIS supervisor, said the current bylaw has been in place for 10 years and needs several adjustments.
Changes approved include:
* The county has collected dozens of names of noteworthy local veterans and added them to Norfolk's street name registry.
* Sponsors of new subdivisions in Norfolk have the right to select 50 percent of the street names in their development. The developer must draw the other 50 percent from the county's street name registry. Norfolk has final say over whether these names are appropriate for the development.
* The revamped bylaw provides direction on the application of civic addressing in trailer parks, mobile home parks and campgrounds. The previous bylaw was silent in this area.
* The old bylaw triggers a report on the re-naming of a road or street if 51 percent of property owners petition for it. Because road and street re-naming can be disruptive, expensive and require legal paperwork, the threshold for a change has been raised to 80 percent. As well, the cost of renaming a street or road will be borne by the applicant.
Several years ago, Norfolk tweaked the names of numerous streets and roads to eliminate duplication.
The county did so after Bell Canada threatened to withdraw 911 emergency dialling services if duplicated street and road names weren't adjusted.
Bell Canada acted because Norfolk's towns and hamlets technically don't exist. For 911 dialling purposes, Bell Canada regards municipalities as a single community.
As such, Main Street in Port Dover was maintained as is because it is the largest of all Main Streets in Norfolk.
Main Street in Simcoe became North Main Street while Main Street in Waterford became Main Street North and Main Street South and so on throughout the county with other common street names.
During Tuesday's discussion, Port Dover Coun. John Wells asked why streets and roads were put through this exercise but Norfolk still has Bill's Corners west of Simcoe and Bills Corners south of Boston. Wells wondered if this was an oversight.
Baird explained that the problem of duplicate names only applies to roads and streets with civic addresses and not towns, hamlets and crossroads. Baird added that Bill's Corners near Simcoe is distinguished from Bills Corners on Cockshutt Road by virtue of the fact the former has an apostrophe.
MSonnenberg@postmedia.com
FOR those who prefer to clean the house in style (or accessorise in that oh-so-chic washing up way), Calvin Klein's $515 rubber gloves are here just for you.
As shown in the brand's spring/summer '18 collection, which showed at New York Fashion Week in September, these pink rubber gloves have finally hit the market, available now on Ssense for a cool $515. Available in a "rose pink" and complete with the Calvin Klein logo at the cuff, the gloves are certainly statement-making, and will go perfectly with the brand's yellow rubber T-shirt or skirt (both $3280), for a full Hitchcock-esque take on daytime dressing.
The rubber gloves by Calvin Klein.
In the Calvin Klein show where the gloves made their debut, the audience was treated to designer Raf Simons' take on horror, with a collection packed with scary-movie motifs straight out of The Shining as well as references to prom gone wrong. Drawing off the season's huge PVC trend (which peaked with Chanel's plastic-focused spring/summer '18 show in Paris) the gloves are yet another take on turning the ordinary into extraordinary - Balenciaga's $2000 Ikea bag, anyone?
So if you're looking for the perfect gift for someone who really, really loves to wash up (or just want to channel serious horror movie feelings with your next purchase), then what are you waiting for?
This article originally appeared on Vogue Australia and has been republished with permission.
Railway officials have admitted they made a mistake when they ‘renamed' a well-known bridge in error.
Network Rail has been putting new signs up on many of its bridges in Gloucestershire but one which was screwed on to the brickwork of the bridge in Cashes Green Road, Cainscross, Stroud had to be taken down and replaced.
(Image: Ben Falconer)
Although road signs and maps clearly show the road between Westward Road and Cashes Green to be Cashes Green Road, Network Rail put up a sign reading ‘Painswick Road Overbridge' on the road bridge over the stretch of line between Stroud and Stonehouse stations.
(Image: Ben Falconer)
Painswick Road in Stroud does not cross a railway, while the railway bridge known locally as Chequers Bridge in Gloucester goes over the point where the B4073 Painswick Road meets Tredworth Road.
Luckily a beady-eyed resident put Network Rail straight and the error was rectified.
(Image: Ben Falconer)
The sign now reads ‘Cainscross Overbridge, Cashes Green Road'.
A Network Rail spokesman said: “We have thousands of bridges and very rarely do we make errors such as this. However, we are grateful that we were informed and allowed us to quickly rectify the mistake.”
In his first appearance before the Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue defended President Donald Trump's budget in general, but said that in many areas, he realizes he can “benefit from some guidance” from the appropriators.
“I am an outcome-based kind of guy, willing to be held accountable,” Perdue said. “If you see things you disagree with, obviously I expect us to have a discussion about that or provide reasons for decisions that were made.”
Perdue's willingness to deal with criticism from appropriators became particularly relevant in a discussion of his announcement that he had named an assistant to the secretary on rural development. That decision, appointing Anne Hazlett, the chief Republican counsel on the Senate Agriculture Committee, to the new post, effectively eliminated the position of USDA undersecretary for Rural Development.
Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee ranking member Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., and Senate Agriculture Committee ranking member Debbie Stabenow, D-Mich., had written Perdue only a few days earlier that they disagreed with the elimination of the undersecretary position, but he went ahead with the decision, even though a formal comment period on his planned reorganization of USDA was still open.
Merkley made his displeasure about the decision clear at the hearing.
“It caught many of us off guard when you filled the position of assistant to the secretary of [Rural Development] before even the comment period was completed. Why? If you open up a comment period, why not wait until you get the comments before you proceed?” Merkley said.
“The fact that the announcement was made before the comment period ended made us feel that probably our comments had not been read or taken into account in making the decision, and that it was predetermined,” he added.
Perdue responded that USDA had only 30 days to name the Rural Development assistant after announcing the reorganization, and that he had not received many comments opposing the abolition of the undersecretary.
On Tuesday, however, about 600 groups sent letters to Congress opposing what they considered a downgrading of rural development. Holding up a copy of that letter at the hearing, Perdue said that those groups “will see at the end of the day we mean well by them.”
Regardless of how this decision may play out, Perdue again stressed his openness to feedback, saying, “I hope that you will hold me accountable on this. If you do not think we are making progress in rural development by the time the farm bill comes up, I'd welcome you all to direct us to create the nomenclature for an undersecretary of rural development. I can assure you whatever you want to call it, we are going to do the best for rural America.”
When asked about a series of popular USDA programs that Trump threatened to cut — crop insurance, research and development, family housing, water and sewer grants, export assistance, and food aid, including the McGovern-Dole school feeding program — Perdue said he would take guidance from the committee.
But he also gave hints of smaller changes the administration may want. Perdue said he doesn't see the USDA housing program “diminished,” but that there may be more guaranteed loans rather than direct loans.
When Senate Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman John Hoeven, R-N.D., stressed the importance of rural electricity and broadband internet access, Perdue said, “Amen and amen. Rural broadband is no longer a luxury.”
Farmers need it for precision agriculture, and children and grandchildren need it so for school and games, just like children in the cities, he said.
Hoeven also praised Perdue for his rollback of some of the rules for school meals. Perdue responded that he trusts school food service professionals and intends to assemble “a large group of them and let them guide us on school nutrition.”
Sen. Jon Tester, D-Mont., criticized USDA's decision to maintain imports of Brazilian meat despite a scandal in that country involving tainted meat, but Perdue said he was following the lead of USDA Food Safety and Inspection Service professionals who said none of the plants involved in the scandal are exporting to the United States.
USDA has a “zero-tolerance policy” when it comes to food safety, Perdue said, adding that the proper vetting has been done and that the meat is safe to consume.
Tester and Merkley both expressed annoyance that the Chinese have demanded traceability of beef and that meatpackers have agreed to achieve those goals, even though they opposed country-of-origin labeling for red meat in the United States.
Tester said he thought the meatpackers' statements on COOL was “baloney.”
Perdue said he thought it was “hamburger” and that the meatpackers want to serve the 1.3 billion consumers in China.
Perdue also noted that the United States ended its country-of-origin labeling program for red meat in order to comply with a World Trade Organization decision. If Congress wants to revisit that issue, he said, he would be ready to implement the program.
© REUTERS/ Ibraheem Abu Mustafa
The Palestinian Hamas movement has prepared its response to Israel's recent airstrikes on Gaza, which had been carried out in the wake of the US decision on Jerusalem.a representative of the Ezzedeen al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas, said in a statement, commenting on the December 8 Israeli airstrikes that killed two and wounding 15 others, as quoted by Press TV.The statement echoes another Hamas pledge made a few days earlier, calling for an "intifada" against Israel , with the previous uprisings in 1987-1993 and 2000-2005 leaving hundreds of Israelis and thousands of Palestinians dead.Hamas said. Israel's attacks on the occupied territories have been carried out in response to rocket strikes , which were intercepted by the Iron Dome missile shield, with no casualties reported. The strikes coincided with tensions further escalating in the region over US President Donald Trump's announcement on December 6 recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.According to information received by Sputnik from a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization on Saturday, the former rivals, Palestinian fundamentalist organization Hamas and Fatah, the dominant Palestinian political party, have signed an alliance agreement to stand against the US decision, following a new round of reconciliation talks under the mediation of Egyptian authorities . The next day, the movements signed an agreement with both sides promising it would usher in a new era of Palestinian unity.In the wake of Trump's move, condemned by a number of states, predominantly in the Arab world, Palestinian President Mahmud Abbas has decided not to hold a planned meeting with US Vice President Mike Pence to protest Trump's move.
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Giampaolo Pazzini struck a stunning late equaliser to deny Real Madrid the three points and give Levante precious point in their bid to beat the drop.
Isco struck an 81st minute goal to seemingly win it for Real Madrid despite another disappointing display.
Sergio Ramos headed Madrid ahead on his return from injury in the 11th minute, guiding Toni Kroos' corner past Oier Olazabal.
Madrid tried to add to their lead but were caught out by Levante on the break before half-time, when Jose Luis Morales broke through and saw Keylor Navas save his effort, with Emmanuel Boateng following up to slot home from outside the area with the goalkeeper stranded.
The game became an end-to-end affair and eventually substitute Isco slammed home after good work by Karim Benzema.
But Pazzini ensured more misery for Madrid with a 90th minute equaliser.
Here are the five key talking points…
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images)
1. History boy
Sergio Ramos announced his return to La Liga action in spectacular fashion, after an injury that has kept him out since the Christmas Clasico.
The centre-back rose highest to nod home the opening goal from Kroos' corner, with Karim Benzema helping by obstructing the view of goalkeeper Olazabal.
This was his first league goal of the season and it means he has now scored in 14 seasons running, becoming the first defender to accomplish the feat.
Ramos continued in his classic take-no-prisoners fashion and was soon in the referee's notebook for an aggressive challenge on Emmanuel Boateng, which saw the Levante forward receive an unwanted elbow to his face.
The centre-back was then caught out as Levante beat Madrid's offside trap in the build up to their equaliser, with Morales charging past him. A bit of everything from the history boy.
(Image: REUTERS)
2. The Leak
Real Madrid's problems this season aren't limited to just one place or position, but this was the sixth league game running in which they have conceded.
Madrid has only been able to keep 14 clean sheets from 36 games this season in all competitions (39%), according to Spanish stats man Mister Chip.
Meanwhile league leaders Barcelona has a 64% shut out rate and second place Atletico have 58%.
When the strikers aren't scoring at the rate they used to, having a defence intent on leaking goals is the last thing Madrid need.
Paris Saint-Germain have the deadliest attack in Europe and will be licking their lips at facing this defence.
(Image: Getty Images)
3. Finally fit
Real Madrid were able to pick their strongest team for the first time under Zinedine Zidane, according to Madrid newspaper Marca.
This line-up of players (Navas, Carvajal, Ramos, Varane, Marcelo, Casemiro, Kroos, Modric, Bale, Benzema and Ronaldo), had never played together until now.
Various injury and suspension problems kept the front three from linking up for almost a year, until last weekend, but Ramos was still out injured.
Last season Isco forced his way into the side which meant this XI of players didn't start a game, despite being arguably the best team the coach could put out.
Unfortunately for Zinedine Zidane, it didn't change his side's fortunes as Madrid put in another shaky display.
(Image: REUTERS)
4. Zidane's Bale out
This was a frustrating night for the Welsh winger, who barely managed to get involved in the game before he was taken off in the 66th minute.
Bale was replaced by Isco as Zidane changed from 4-3-3 back to 4-4-2, the formation he used at the end of last season and for most of this one.
The coach's main selection dilemma is which of Isco or Bale to play, and for long periods the latter's injury trouble has saved Zidane from having to make a choice.
Here Zidane hooked the team's record signing and gave fan favourite Isco a chance to shine.
Madrid improved with the Spanish playmaker's introduction, putting sustained pressure on Levante, and eventually the substitute struck, although it was not enough to win the game.
(Image: Getty Images)
5. False dawn
Although Madrid thrashed Valencia 4-1 last weekend, anybody who watched closely would have been able to see that they were lucky, and their slump is not over.
Martin Montoya foolishly gave Madrid two penalties and Valencia's poor finishing stopped them from scoring more goals of their own.
Levante played with heart and spirit, pulling themselves level and giving as good as they got for most of the game, which turned into a ragged, end-to-end affair.
Eventually one bright moment from Isco and Benzema put Madrid back ahead, but they didn't have the strength to hold out and 33-year-old veteran forward Pazzini pulled Levante level again.
Throwing away the lead twice shows the lack of confidence in the Madrid dressing room at the moment.
© Boris Horvat/AFP
"These two radicalized men, born in 1987 and 1993, of French nationality, intended to commit in the very short-term - by that I mean in the coming days - an attack on French soil," Fekl told a news conference as cited by Reuters.
Two suspects planning a "violent and imminent attack" have been arrested in Marseille, French Interior Minister Matthias Fekl said, adding that security has been stepped up across the country ahead of this month's presidential election.The search at the scene of the arrest in the southern city is continuing, and people have been evacuated from a building at the scene, Fekl added.Security surrounding the elections and the candidates has been increased.France has been on high alert since terror attacks in 2015 and 2016 left over 200 dead in Paris and Nice. Authorities have been particularly concerned that the presidential election, the first round of which is on Sunday, could also become a target."Everything has been put in place to ensure the security of this big event for our democracy and our republic. The security forces are mobilized everywhere across France to ensure the security of French people and to ensure the presidential campaign goes smoothly," the minister said, as cited by Reuters.
SHANGHAI (AP) — President Donald Trump's triumph in the fight to wrest back his brand for construction services in China could spell the end of more than 225 Trump-related marks here that don't belong to him, including Trump toilets, Trump condoms, Trump pacemakers and even a “Trump International Hotel.”
After a decade of grinding battle in China's courts, an official finding in Trump's favor expected this week could signal a shift in fortune for the U.S. president's intellectual property. Also at stake are 49 pending Trump trademark applications — all made during his campaign — and 77 previously registered marks, most of which will come up for renewal during his term.
Each win creates value for Trump's business empire — and raises ethics questions about his administration. Critics say the trademarks present conflicts of interest for Trump and may violate the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, which bars public servants from accepting anything of value from foreign governments unless explicitly approved by Congress.
“There can be no question that it is a terrible idea for Donald Trump to be accepting the registration of these valuable property rights from China while he's a sitting president of the United States,” said Norman Eisen, who served as chief White House ethics lawyer for President Barack Obama. “It's fair to conclude that this is an effort to influence Mr. Trump that is relatively inexpensive for the Chinese, potentially very valuable to him, but it could be very costly for the United States.”
Advertisement
China could use Trump's desire to control his brand to extend or withhold favor, particularly since its courts and bureaucracy reflect the imperatives of the ruling Communist Party.
Eisen is involved in a lawsuit alleging that Trump's foreign business ties violate the U.S. Constitution. Trump has dismissed the lawsuit as “totally without merit.”
The precise value of the trademarks is uncertain, but in a 2011 letter to then-U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Locke, Trump wrote that he spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to defend his brand in China.
He railed against Chinese courts for not recognizing that he was famous, writing that “it appears the only two places in the world I am not well known are” China and Macau.
Trump's elevated profile as president will likely make it easier to protect his brand in China, said Zhou Dandan, a lawyer with Unitalen Attorneys at Law in Beijing, which has worked for Trump since 2006. Trademark authorities will almost certainly reject new “Trump” applications from unrelated parties, she said, and may take back rights from existing “Trump” trademark holders.
That's what happened in the case nearing completion this week.
Back in December 2006, Trump applied for rights to the Trump mark for construction services. He was rejected because China operates on a first-come-first-served principle and a man named Dong Wei had filed a similar application two weeks earlier. Trump appealed to Chinese authorities for 10 years and was rejected time and again, right up until the month before he declared his candidacy.
Then something changed. China's trademark authorities published their decision to invalidate Dong's trademark for construction services on Sept. 6, 2016. Trump's application moved ahead, and if no one objects, the trademark will be registered to Trump on Tuesday. Dong could not be reached for comment.
Why is Trump winning now, after years of failure? China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce and its foreign ministry did not reply to requests for comment.
Alan Garten, chief legal officer of The Trump Organization, said the Chinese trademarks were already in the works before the election, and the president has turned management of his company over to his children and a team of executives.
In an email, Garten wrote, “The only mark we were seeking was one in the related class of construction which someone was improperly squatting on.”
Some lawyers say Trump may have benefited from a general hardening in China's stance toward trademark squatters, but others believe politics played a role.
“It would be hard to imagine that the judges, the Trademark Office and/or the Trademark Review and Adjudication Board were acting without some kind of guidance,” said Dan Plane, a director at Simone IP Services, a Hong Kong intellectual property consultancy.
Meanwhile, the makers of Trump-branded luxury toilets at Shenzhen Trump Industrial Co. say they will defend their brand, even if it means taking on the U.S. president.
Co-founder Zhong Jiye said his Trump toilets have nothing to do with President Trump. The Chinese name brings together ideas of innovation and popularity, he said. And in English, the “U” makes a nice toilet-seat shaped logo.
Trump toilets for the home can do pregnancy tests. Models for public use have disposable seat covers for improved hygiene. People use Trump toilets some 100 million times a year, Zhong said.
Among them, he added, are customers at Zhongnanhai, the official residence of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
__
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting contributed from Shanghai.
Follow Kinetz on Twitter at http://twitter.com/ekinetz
On a blustery winter day, Dr. Don Milton and his undergraduate research assistants, Louie Gold and Amara Fox, are recruiting students for his new study on how the flu — and other viruses — spread.
As incentives, they have vouchers for the school convenience store and free hot chocolate.
Milton, a professor at the University of Maryland, College Park, is hoping dozens of students will enroll for the study, which will help him look at flu transmission. When one of them gets sick, the student will be sent to the clinic at the School of Public Health, just across the street from the dorms.
One student does come by, but doesn't make the cut. "She had some of the right symptoms: cough, little bit of runny nose, but didn't have much of a fever," says Dr. Barbara Albert, who screens for the study.
Those sick enough will get sent around the corner to a room with a crazy-looking, Rube-Goldberg-like contraption known as the Gesundheit machine.
For half an hour, the student sits in the machine. As the student breathes, the machine collects whatever virus they've got from the droplets in their breath.
The researchers will then use the student's contacts to try to figure out how infections spread from person to person: "roommates, study buddies, girlfriends and boyfriends," Milton says. "We're going to swab them every day for a week to see if they get infected."
If the student's contacts get infected, researchers will try to pin down whether they got the bug from the original subject or someone else.
"We're going to deep sequence the genetic code of the agent to see if it was really exactly the same thing," Milton explains. He's aware that confirming that your roommate gave you a horrible flu could ruin some perfectly nice relationships, but it's for science.
The fact is, he says, researchers don't know that much about the mechanics of how bugs spread, so he's trying to understand it from every possible angle.
"We're measuring the environment in the rooms, contact, biomarkers from blood, what they're shedding into the air," he says.
All the data will also help people design spaces to keep infections from spreading too easily and protect ourselves more effectively.
That's how he and his research staff can be around sick people all the time without getting infected themselves. They all got flu shots, and he installed a system that killed germs with ultraviolet light.
During his last flu study, it worked. "Not a single person on my research team got the flu that year. Even though we saw 156 people, some of whom were shedding up to 10 million copies per half hour of the virus, none of my people got sick."
He hopes environmental measures like these could be used to fight bugs that are even worse than the flu.
"What about pandemics and what about new infections that come along? How can we defend against those?" Milton asks. "It is possible, even if it's airborne, to protect against it. We just need to understand how it works better."
The information they get from this study could, for example, lead to better ventilation systems that would make it harder for the flu and even more dangerous viruses to spread.
This story is part of a reporting partnership with NPR, local member stations and Kaiser Health News. Selena Simmons-Duffin is a producer at NPR's All Things Considered, currently on an exchange with Washington, D.C., member station WAMU.
Queensland Rail's staffing crisis has seen five drivers pocket thousands of dollars in overtime.
Queensland Rail's staffing crisis has seen five drivers pocket thousands of dollars in overtime.
Queensland Rail's highest paid driver earned almost $200,000 last year and worked the equivalent of six months overtime amid a staffing crisis.
State government figures show drivers worked hundreds of hours in overtime in the 2016/17 financial year.
Some worked the equivalent of more than 20 average working weeks on top of their normal shifts.
The five highest-paid drivers pocketed between $53,200 to $75,900 over and above their salaries, while the average driver took home an extra $511 a week.
The top earner did 18 months' worth of hours in a year, notching up 25 weeks worth of overtime, while the other four worked between 17 and 22 weeks of overtime.
Transport Minister Mark Bailey says good progress is being made to resolve the staffing crisis and there are no safety risks from drivers working large amounts of overtime.
He says 69 new drivers are now on the job, with 77 in training, and 168 new guards hired.
But Opposition transport spokesman Steve Minnikin put the blame for the staff shortage on a union-driven ban on external recruitment of drivers.
"Labor's train driver shortage means more overtime for union drivers, paid for by taxpayers," he said in a statement.
Pat Shurmur said the Giants' minicamp is not a tryout for Davis Webb.
That's good news for the second-year quarterback, especially after a shaky opening day performance on Tuesday. To be fair, not much of the offense was clicking and there are plenty of pieces that still need assembling Webb, by one count, completed 17 of his 26 passes with an interception. He threw three deep balls, none for completions.
“We want it to look like football and I'm not trying to make a joke there,” Shurmur said before the workout. “We want to get the ball snapped, we want to get guys lined up properly. The progressions we're giving them, we want to see them go through the progression, throw the ball accurately. Things break down, use their legs and generally make good decisions, throw the ball on time and be accurate.”
It didn't take long for Webb to botch even the first part of that. He and center Ethan Cooper fumbled one of their very first snaps.
This was Shurmur's first opportunity to see Webb play on the field. They've had a few weeks of meetings before this minicamp.
“What I've learned is he cares, what I've learned is he is an extremely hard worker, what I've learned is he is very smart,” Shurmur said of the classroom evaluation of the quarterback who may or may not have an impact on which position the Giants draft with the No. 2 pick on Thursday night. “He listens to what Eli [Manning] says, he listens to what all his coaches have been telling him. You can tell that he has learned things as time has gone along and I think what is important now is you take what you learned in the meeting rooms and bring it out here to the field.”
Still, Shurmur was clear that this is not necessarily a showcase for Webb (even though last month that was the exact word Shurmur used to spark the interpretation of this being Webb's make-or-break moment).
“I think you have to be careful about making a final evaluation on a guy in a three-day period here,” Shurmur said. “He just needs to come out here and get as good as he can be . . . There's just that feeling you get by watching a quarterback move the offense. Now, there's not going to be a lot of that type of competitive stuff going on, but you can tell by the way a guy runs a huddle, the way he gets the offense lined up, the way he drops back and throws, the way he hands the ball off. Just all the things that a quarterback would do. And I think this is hopefully the first of many days of him developing within our system.”
Pride is often followed by a fall - something Saints discovered to their considerable cost as they blew a golden opportunity of claiming third spot in the Super 8s.
The feeling of deep satisfaction and pleasure which was derived from the previous week's 26-12 demolition of league leaders Castleford Tigers at the Jungle was replaced by an air of gloom and doom after losing 8-6 against title rivals Hull FC at the Totally Wicked Stadium on Friday night.
Saints now find themselves in fifth spot and simply cannot afford to produce a similar type of performance in the rounds remaining if they are to reach the Old Trafford Grand Final in early October.
It was a shambolic 80 minutes which was littered with handling errors in wet conditions and the main reason why the Humbersiders picked up two priceless points was due to the fact they didn't make as many mistakes as the hosts and their game management was slightly superior.
Far from happy head coach Justin Holbrook didn't mince his word when reflecting on having their wings clipped by the Airlie Birds, declaring: “It was one of the worst games of Rugby League I've ever been involved in.
“I'm sorry for you blokes (the Press) and the fans who had to watch and glad it wasn't on TV because it was embarrassing.”
He added: “In saying that, the only difference was a Marc Sneyd penalty but they played the conditions better than ourselves.
“We created plenty of openings and that is a pleasing thing, but disappointingly. we didn't pick up the points.
“We also played a good style but the last pass and poor ball security cost us. It was disgraceful at times.”
Harsh words but let's hope they are taken on board by the players ahead of Friday's match at Leeds.
There are no easy fixtures in the Super 8s and this is reflected in the fact that after two rounds of the competition only Hull can boast a 100 per cent record.
(Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images)
Win: A pair of tickets to see the St. Louis Blues take on the Tampa Bay Lightening, on Tuesday, December 12, 2017, at 7 p.m.
Contest runs: Monday, December 11, 2017
Listen to the Y98 Morning Show on Friday for a chance to play “The Puck Stops Here” and win a pair of tickets to St. Louis Blues vs. the Nashville Predators on Friday, November 24, 2017, at 7 p.m.
Tickets for this game are on-sale now! You can listen to the St. Louis Blues on our sister station 1120-KMOX.
Here's how to play Y98's The Puck Stops Here:
During the game, each contestant will be randomly paired with two of the members of the Y98 Morning Show forming two teams who will play the game on behalf of the contestants.
The host of the game will randomly select which on-air personality starts off with the “puck.”
One team member will describe a randomly selected object to the other team member using descriptive words other than the actual name of the object that the second team member must guess. The puck may not be passed until the on-air personality correctly guess the name of the object. On-air personalities may not “pass” on any trivia questions.
This will continue until the timer goes off. The timer length will not be disclosed and will be randomly determined before the game is played. The on-air personality holding the “puck” when the timer goes off will lose the game and their contestant will not receive a prize.
The goal of the game is for an on-air personality not to have the “puck” at the end of the time period so his or her contestant can win a prize. The contestant who does not have the on-air personality holding the puck when the timer goes off on their team will be be the prize winner.
During the Game, each contestant will be randomly matched with a team of two (2) on-air personalities who will play the Game on behalf of each contestant. The host will randomly select which team of on-air personalities starts off with the “puck”. The teams of on-air personalities will have an opportunity to correctly name the item being described to them by their other teammate and will pass the “puck” back and forth between teams after they correctly name an item until the timer goes off. If at any time the name of the item being described is said by the person describing the item, an alternate item will be assigned to him/her to describe to his/her teammate. The randomly-selected timer length will not be disclosed, but will be less than three (3) minutes. The team of on-air personalities holding the “puck” when the timer goes off will lose the Game and their contestant will not receive the prize. The goal of the Game is for a team not to have the “puck” at the end of the time period so their contestant can win the prize, upon confirmation of eligibility
Must be 18 years or older to enter. Contest ends Monday, December 11, 2017. Read the official contest rules.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Their social media slanging match kept the world entertained over the weekend.
And after days of back-and-forths on Twitter, JK Rowling appeared to get the best of Piers Morgan in the most magical manner, as the journalist appeared to fall for a subtle rouse laid by the author on Tuesday.
Posting a clipping of an article which labelled her "one of the most powerful celebrities in the world" whilst also stating that she "definitely matters", the 51-year-old managed to attract the former Editor 's ire - only for it to be revealed the words were his own.
Posting the screenshot of an article which heaped praise upon her for Harry Potter and her inspiring example for children, the Scottish-born writer, wrote: "Just been sent this! Could the writer let me know who he is? I'd love to thank him!”
(Photo: PA)
And seemingly unable to let the tweet go by without throwing a comment her way, Piers, also 51, aimed a barbed tweet at the author, in direct response to the praise-filled clipping.
"Priceless #humblebrag BS. Nobody plays the celebrity game more abusively or ruthlessly than you, Ms 'Intensely Private Billionaire'," wrote the Good Morning Britain host.
However, it would seem that Piers fell squarely into the most magical trap, as it soon emerged that the words had been written by non-other than Piers himself.
(Photo: ITV)
Keen-eyed fans of the Harry Potter author were quick to respond, and plenty of them were filled at glee at the journalist's apparent slip-up.
One fan, @LiamDrydenETC, was in awe of JK's subtle mic-drop, writing: "@jk_rowling HOLY S*** THIS IS BLISTERING."
Others were equally delighted with what appeared to be a huge gaffe on Piers' behalf, with @JamieRoss7 summing up the majority's reactions.
"Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. He doesn't realise. This is the best day of my life," The Buzzfeed journalist exclaimed as he clocked Piers' reaction.
And there were many more gleeful tweets from the author's fan base as social media was swept up into a frenzy by the continued war of words.
However, Piers came back out fighting after the initial flurry of laughs and jokes at his expense, with the journalist proclaiming he knew the words were his own the whole time.
Responding to the revelation that he didn't recognise his own article from 2010, Piers quipped: "Relax, quarter-wit, I knew what it was. Just surprised I put her as high as 97th."
Though many users doubted his word, with many accusing him of "trying to save face" after the epic burn at the hands of JK.
The initial Twitter war broke out after Piers appeared to blame her and her supporters for both Brexit and Hillary Clinton losing the US presidential election over the weekend.
Jeroen DC: "It was physical and in public in the sight of the entire street. It was painful, frustrating. They were our Turkish neighbours."
"The eldest brother, the youngest brother, dad, and even mum, encouraging their sons to hit even harder. At first I was alone. There were countless bystanders. I screamed for help. Several people stepped forward, but the shower of homophobic insults continued."
Jeroen's friend appeared and he too was attacked. Six people chased him in the street. Luckily he was able to escape. One bystander told Jeroen he should never have come to live here and should move out and this is what he now intends to do.
Jeroen told VRT News that his relationship with his neighbours that was already poor deteriorated after his boyfriend moved in. Bianca Debaets, the Brussels equal opportunities minister, has responded to the incident on Twitter: "This makes my blood boil" she told her followers. "This must be stopped. Everybody may love whoever they wish. I hope prosecutors respond too."
SCRANTON -- Police in Scranton are investigating an armed robbery on the city's west side.
According to published reports, Roseanna's Pizza and Catering along North Hyde Park Avenue was held up just before 7:30 p.m. Friday night.
The suspects are described as two men in their twenties.
The men allegedly entered the building through a side door and pointed a handgun at an employee before taking a cash register.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Scranton police.
The risks, mechanisms and implications of mercury pollution are summarized in a special issue in the journal Ambio
Mercury is a complex, multifaceted contaminant which can take many different forms. It is poisonous to humans and wildlife and damaging to the environment. Currently, around two thirds of the mercury entering the environment comes from current or legacy human sources including mining, industrial activities, coal combustion and incinerators, with the remaining originating from natural sources. A special issue addressing the most up-to-date science on the fate and effects of mercury has now been published in Springer's journal Ambio.
Methylmercury is the most toxic form of mercury. The main exposure route for methylmercury to humans and wildlife is through the consumption of fish and shellfish. Exposure to inorganic mercury also occurs through industrial and mining processes and religious and ethnic practices. Mercury exposure can impair the health of humans and wildlife by damaging neurological, developmental and reproductive functions, and negatively affecting the immune and renal system. Therefore, the global health risks to humans and wildlife that result from exposure to this toxin are significant, especially in populations that depend on fish for subsistence.
In this special issue, scientists call for global and local efforts to control and manage mercury pollution. Four main questions are addressed:
i) How is the global mercury cycle changing in response to perturbations such as climate change?
ii) How is the cycling and bioaccumulation of mercury changing in specific places in response to perturbations like climate change or urbanization?
iii) What is the relative risk of mercury exposure to human and wildlife health in the context of other risks/stressors?
iv) How can scientific knowledge contribute to the implementation and effectiveness evaluation of the global treaty on mercury, known as the Minamata Convention?
Scientific understanding of the transport and fate of mercury in the environment and risk to human and wildlife health has increased markedly in recent years. The international treaty to control and mitigate mercury emissions and releases to limit exposure, the Minamata Convention, has been ratified by 84 nations and entered into force. Therefore it is timely to translate and synthesize the science of mercury for policymakers so that decisions made under the Convention and other regional and national efforts are based on the most rigorous scientific understanding.
This special issue represents the latest results from international mercury science and policy communities and will provide a basis in the coming years for developing policy to minimize environmental effects and exposure to this contaminant.
###
Reference: Chen, C.Y. and C.T. Driscoll. 2018. Integrating Mercury Research and Policy in a Changing World. Ambio DOI: 10.1007/s13280-017-1010-y
Congratulations to our co-players of the week, Daniel Boone High School basketball players Chad Heglar and Eric Rigsby. The two were leading scorers for the Boone Blazers and combined their efforts to defeat David Crockett's squad.
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, he added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” he said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” he added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, he said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Iran will have bigger problems than ever before if it attempts to restart its nuclear program, US President Donald Trump said during a meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office on Tuesday.
"They're not going to be restarting anything. They restart it, they're going to have big problems. Bigger than they're ever had before. And you can mark it down. They restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before," Trump told reporters.
Trump and Macron are scheduled to discuss the Iran nuclear deal, also known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), during meetings on Tuesday.
Trump has repeatedly criticized the JCPOA — negotiated by the previous US President Barack Obama's administration — as being perhaps the worst deal in US history and threatened to withdraw the United States from the agreement if it was not amended.
READ MORE: US, EU States Agree on Conditions to Preserve Iranian Nuclear Deal — Reports
On July 14, 2015, China, Germany, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States — collectively referred to as the P5+1 group — signed the JCPOA with Iran. The accord stipulated a gradual lifting of anti-Iran sanctions in exchange for Tehran maintaining a peaceful nature of its nuclear program.
Miguel Sano hit a two-run double in the Twins' four-run sixth and scored on Eduardo Escobar's two-out single, cutting the Royals' lead to 9-8. Brian Flynn then struck out Max Kepler to end the sixth with runners on second and third, preserving the Royals' lead.
Sano had a RBI single in the third and has hit in 17 consecutive games against the Royals with 30 RBIs in that span.
Hunter Dozier led off the Kansas City seventh with his first career home run. Soler homered in the eighth for his fourth hit, matching his career high.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters he faced and earned the victory.
"I didn't want to use McCarthy today," Yost said. "He's been in four out of five, but we were at the point we had to. He came in and did a phenomenal job."
Kelvin Herrera protected the lead with a spotless ninth for his 12th save.
Twins rookie right-hander Fernando Romero (3-2) retired only five of the 15 batters he faced. Romero allowed eight runs and nine hits, a walk and a sacrifice fly. His ERA jumped from 1.88 to 4.15.
"They were jumping me from the first pitch," Romero said. "They were just hitting everything."
Jay singled in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. Jay finished May with a .368 average and leads the majors with 43 hits in the month.
ONE MORE OUT
Several Royals players began walking off the field in the fifth after turning a double play. The only problem was there were only two outs.
ROSTER MOVES
Twins: RHP Aaron Slegers was recalled from Triple-A Rochester. He came in after Romero's early exit and allowed two runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings. The Twins optioned Slegers back down to Rochester after the game.
Royals: RHP Trevor Oaks was recalled from Triple-A Omaha. He gave up three runs and five hits and a walk over 1 2/3 innings in his second big league appearance.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Twins: CF Byron Buxton (fractured left toe) went back on the disabled list with the toe still impeding his game. ... RHP Ervin Santana (hand) was recalled from his minor league rehab assignment with swelling and having trouble gripping the ball. He will be re-examined.
Royals: RHP Blaine Boyer (strained back) was placed on the 10-day disabled list. Boyer was 2-0, but had an 11.76 ERA in 20 relief appearances.
UP NEXT
Twins: RHP Jake Odorizzi is the scheduled starter as the Twins open a four-game series with AL Central leader Cleveland at Target Field. RHP Shane Bieber will start for the Indians, making his big league debut.
Royals: They have Thursday off before beginning a three-game series Friday with Oakland. Kansas City RHP Ian Kennedy will start the opener.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
Milan, December 11 - A Milanese taxi driver has rejected a local bodybuilder's offer to pay damages of 5,000 euros for biting off his ear during a road-rage row near the central rail station last month. Lawyers for Pier Federico Bossi called the offer "derisory". Antonio Bini is on trial for grievous bodily harm aggravated by futile motives. Bossi's ear was sewn back on in hospital.
.
photo credit: Ron Olds (file)
CONCORD, N.C. (Oct. 6, 2017) – Martin Truex Jr. qualified 17th and Erik Jones will start 38th after missing qualifying for Sunday's Bank of America 500 at Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Truex drove the No. 78 Auto-Owners Insurance Toyota to a second-round lap of 28.496 seconds at 189.500 mph under the lights on the 1.5-mile tri-oval. Truex will line up on the inside of Row 9.
“Today was interesting with the way the track was with the VHT,” said Truex. “I felt pretty good at the end of practice and thought we would be in good shape for qualifying. But the car got way loose for whatever reason. We'll be fine. We'll work hard tomorrow in race trim and get this Auto-Owners Insurance Toyota ready to roll on Sunday.”
The No. 77 5-hour ENERGY Toyota did not pass technical inspection in time to make a lap in the first round of qualifying. Jones will line up on the outside of Row 19.
Starting Line
Charlotte Motor Speedway
Provided by NASCAR Statistics – Fri, October 06, 2017 @ 08:35 PM Eastern
58th Annual Bank of America 500
1 – 11 Denny Hamlin
2 – 20 Matt Kenseth
3 – 4 Kevin Harvick
4 – 18 Kyle Busch
5 – 14 Clint Bowyer
6 – 2 Brad Keselowski
7 – 24 Chase Elliott
8 – 41 Kurt Busch
9 – 5 Kasey Kahne
10 – 42 Kyle Larson
11 – 31 Ryan Newman
12 – 10 Danica Patrick
13 – 3 Austin Dillon
14 – 19 Daniel Suarez
15 – 21 Ryan Blaney
16 – 95 Michael McDowell
17 – 78 Martin Truex Jr
18 – 1 Jamie McMurray
19 – 47 AJ Allmendinger
20 – 27 Paul Menard
21 – 37 Chris Buescher
22 – 17 Ricky Stenhouse Jr.
23 – 88 Dale Earnhardt Jr.
24 – 43 Aric Almirola
25 – 48 Jimmie Johnson
26 – 6 Trevor Bayne
27 – 13 Ty Dillon
28 – 22 Joey Logano
29 – 32 Matt DiBenedetto
30 – 34 Landon Cassill
31 – 38 David Ragan
32 – 72 Cole Whitt
33 – 51 BJ McLeod
34 – 15 Reed Sorenson
35 – 55 Gray Gaulding
36 – 66 Timmy Hill
37 – 33 Jeffrey Earnhardt
38 – 77 Erik Jones
39 – 23 Corey LaJoie
40 – 83 Brett Moffitt
.
0:38 Vintage Packard pulled from lagoon at Concours Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Peter Andre opened up about the heart-stopping hospital dash he was forced to make last Christmas after baby son Theo was left struggling to breathe.
The singer's youngest son had to spend time in an oxygen chamber after his health suddenly deteriorated and his weight dropped from 6lbs 10oz to 5lb 7oz in just three days.
Terrified parents Peter, 44, and wife Emily, 28, revealed how they 'worried like crazy' as they were helpless to save their month-old son as he battled bronchiolitis.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Getty)
Speaking in OK! Magazine, Emily said: “It was tough for me to speak about at the time but now he's a chubby cherub and is right as rain, I feel fine to talk about it."
She added: "He [Theo] was struggling a bit with his breathing so needed oxygen in hospital."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: peterandre/Instagram)
This year Peter and Emily, who also share daughter Amelia, are hoping for a much quieter Christmas.
"I'm really looking forward to it as last year Theo was so miserable and he wasn't well at all," revealed Emily.
(Image: Rex Features)
On Monday Peter was feeling in a nostalgic mood as he shared an adorable throwback pic of himself posing with the eldest son Junior when he was a baby.
Revealing his little boy is 13 in June, the proud dad shared a snap of him cuddling up to a beaming Junior alongside the caption: "Nothing but love."
Fans instantly went wild for the cute post, rushing to comment on how adorable Junior, who Peter shares with first wife Katie Price looked.
"Your beautiful first born son. As a baby absolutely gorgeous and as an up and coming thirteen yrs old. He is a stunningly handsome young man. Feel proud Pete," complimented one fan.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rohan Janse van Rensburg now looks unlikely to join Gloucester.
The South Africa international centre was expected to make the move to Kingsholm from the Lions for the start of next season but negotiations hit a snag.
It is thought that the delay prompted the Cherry and Whites to look elsewhere and the opportunity to sign Danny Cipriani from Wasps came along, a shock deal that was concluded quickly following the fly-half's recall to the England squad ahead of the tour to South Africa.
With Gloucester mindful of fitting in the Premiership's salary cap for next season, it is highly doubtful that the deal for Janse van Rensburg will be revived.
The arrival of Cipriani also means that Wales international Owen Williams could play more often at 12 next seasons, the position where Janse van Rensburg would have expected to slot in, and Gloucester have other strong midfield options with Billy Twelvetrees, Mark Atkinson and Henry Trinder coming into the equation as well as versatile new signing Matt Banahan.
Janse van Rensburg could now sign for Premiership rivals Sale, who have also been chasing his signature since his spell at the club on a short-term loan deal from the Lions last season.
Gloucester director of rugby David Humphreys would not be drawn on whether Gloucester's recruitment for next season has now been concluded following the signings of South Africa internationals Franco Mostert and Ruan Dreyer from the Lions that were announced earlier today.
“When you're putting together a squad you're always looking for one or two opportunities that might come up to strengthen your squad,” he said.
“We will need a really strong squad next season with the two competitions we're going to compete in but we're also very confident that we've got a really good group of young players coming through.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-one believes that her job as a stripper, sex writer and ‘unlicensed underwear therapist' makes her a better parent.
Elle Stanger works in a strip club three days a week, sells her own amateur porn and writes erotica, but the 31-year-old claims it makes her a better mum to her five-year-old daughter.
University graduate Elle, from Portland, Oregon in the USA, said: "I feel like being a sex worker makes me a better mum because I've developed a greater sense of empathy.
"It means that I'm responsible to make a human being that is better for the world.
“She is going to be a lot more secure about the world around her.”
Elle says she is proud of her career and ignores any judgemental parents at the school gates.
“I've been telling my daughter since she was three that mummy dances, talks to people and tells jokes for money,” she said.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
“I think people don't trust that I could raise a child in a nurturing, safe, structured environment because they're projecting their own fears on me," she continued.
"I am not working in full view of her because I am an adult, I don't want to see my parents do that.
“When I'm a mum, I'm a mum, when I'm in the adult world working, I'm doing my adult work - those two things do not overlap.”
Elle currently works at the Lucky Devil Lounge, in Portland, and says that stripping is a form of therapy for a lot of her customers.
She said: "I realised about six months into stripping that I was learning more about human beings than I'd ever learned in any psychology class.
“It was like, wow there is really a whole lot here, this feels like human, this feels like helping, this feels like giving therapy.
"I know my work is healing to people because they tell me and I see it.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
“There are a lot of reasons people go into adult establishments - it's not just because they want some kind of arousal, but because they want to be heard, they want be acknowledged, they wanna be seen.
“A lot of people don't have it in them to seek out therapy because they are ashamed to.
"I think it's a lot easier for a blue collar guy to talk to a pretty girl in her underwear for 20 bucks a song.
"I had a woman a couple of years ago who asked me if I could just sit with her and just play with her hair, just hug her, because her wedding was the next day and she was nervous and so she wanted to de-stress. I thought that was really cool.”
Growing up, Elle wanted to be a police officer and received a degree in criminology, but 'stopped believing in the criminal justice system when she learned more about the world.'
She turned to sex work because 'she felt it was more of a compassionate method of interacting with the world around her.'
As well as stripping, Elle is a writer, and has her own website, Stripper Writer.
“My website is just like a hub for where you can find me naked on the internet, where you can find me naked in person, where you can read my writing,” she explained.
"I make shirts, I make coffee mugs, I make shirts that say, 'I only f**k feminists'.”
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: Barcroft Media)
The mum-of-one also co-organises Portland's Slut Walk - a yearly march to raise awareness of sexual violence.
Elle said: "I am really comfortable with calling myself a feminist because I appreciate and I respect everybody's own sexuality. Everybody's identity or intention.
"Slut Walk Portland has three organisers. I am one. We are all sex workers. The idea behind Slut Walk is that nobody deserves sexual assault.
"Every year I try to wear the last thing I wore when I was cat called or sexually harassed - and it is usually pants and boots and a jacket.”
Feb 2 (Reuters) - ITWAY SPA:
* RECEIVES EARN-OUT PAYMENT OF EUR 5.2 MILLION FROM SALE OF ITALY AND SPAIN DISTRIBUTION ACTIVITIES TO ESPRINET
* EUR 5.2 MILLION WILL BE ALLOCATED TO REDUCING GROUP DEBT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge's public toilets are going down the pan, it has been claimed.
Cllr Ysanne Austin has echoed concerns highlighted in the News about the state of Jesus Green's public toilets and pointed out a similar situation with a second city centre facility.
The Liberal Democrat city councillor has hit out at the “dire condition” of the conveniences on Quayside, where she says that one of the two gents' cubicles and the majority of basins, together with the whole hot water supply, have been out of order all summer.
Cllr Austin said: “These Quayside loos are not even old ones: they just aren't getting the attention they need in a busy city centre like ours.
“It is only a few months since residents came to us, reporting that the hand drier in the Silver Street toilets needed fixing, which despite earlier notification, had been out of order over much of the winter period.
“I am worried about the council inertia over these inoperative facilities. I'm not sure whether the council just isn't aware or it is simply treated as unimportant.
“It becomes a downward spiral because decrepit facilities just don't command the care and respect of the users as much as well-maintained ones. There is a concerning public health aspect to all of this.
“Whatever happened to the projects the Lib Dems commissioned to replace the public loos on Jesus Green and on Silver Street?
"When they entered office, Labour cut the project we commissioned to replace them on Jesus Green and little appears to be happening any more with that. And nothing seems to materialise with the Silver Street scheme.
“It's a shame that the modernisation programme of public toilets that we set in motion with Parker's Piece, Midsummer Common and Chesterton Road seems now to have come to a halt.
“This delay just costs the council more money in patch-up maintenance in the long run, which wouldn't be so bad if they hadn't cut the money set aside for repairs and renewals as well.
“None of this makes sense when the council has found £20m to buy up out of town shopping centres (Haverhill), rather than services for its own residents. This is not a poor council, just one that is struggling to get its priorities right.”
Cllr Kevin Price, deputy leader of the city council, rejected those claims and said his authority was "committed" to keeping public toilets maintained while being fiscally prudent.
"With 7,000,000 million visitors a year as well as our own resident and student population, the city council is committed to retaining high quality public toilets even though many comparable cities like Bath are closing theirs in the face of cuts," he said.
"We spend hundreds of thousands a year maintaining them and our capital project plan includes the complete replacement of the old public toilets at Silver Street.
"Given the importance of ensuring good design for Silver Street toilets in the historic core of the city, we have run a rigorous scoping exercise and expect to bring the next stage of this project for detailed consultation to councillors and residents after summer.
"When Labour took control of the council in 2014 we inherited a a significant number of elaborate and expensive capital projects,including toilets, which the Liberal Democrats had promised but were manifestly failing to deliver and also faced a 37 per cent cut in our core budget by 2019.
"Despite this, we have not only maintained our commitment to keep public toilets open but also improved the service for residents by for example, opening those on Coleridge Rec all year round."
He admitted vandalism was an ever present problem but praised council staff for their "excellent response" when problems are reported.
He continued: "The toilets on Quayside are managed by us but owned by one of the colleges and we are in constant discussion with them. Given Councillor Austin's comments, I am surprised that the Liberal Democrats failed to raise them in our debate on the city's budget for this service earlier this year if she thought more investment was needed but the reality is that we have not only maintained the level of inspections and cleansing but continue to invest in public toilets in the city. "
A city council spokesperson said: “We are not aware of having received complaints from members of the public recently relating to the public toilets at Quayside, but we will investigate the issues raised and will make any repairs that are needed.”
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome No votes yet
We mentioned before about an upcoming animated film called Duck Duck Goose, one of several films being financed the Chinese firm Original Force with the intention of releasing in North America. Well now, according to an article at Cartoon Brew, Duck Duck Goose has a release date — April 20th, 2018 — and a teaser trailer up on YouTube. “Chris Jenkins, a veteran Disney effects animator who more recently shifted to the producing side (Dreamworks' Home, Sony's Surf's Up), makes his feature directorial debut on Duck Duck Goose. Jenkins co-wrote the film with Rob Muir… The film follows the adventures of a ‘high-flying bachelor goose' named Peng (voiced by Jim Gaffigan) who finds himself in charge of two ducklings (voiced by Zendaya and Lance Lim) that he must take along on a long journey south. Other voices are provided by Greg Proops, Natasha Leggero, Reggie Watts, Diedrich Bader, Jennifer Grey, Rick Overton, Craig Ferguson, Stephen Fry, and Carl Reiner.” Distribution is being handled by Open Road Films, the same outfit that released The Nut Job and its recent sequel here in the States.
Save
Save
Save
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - School officials in Rhode Island say a teenager has been arrested for shooting the window of an elementary school bus with a pellet gun.
WPRO-AM reports that the shooting happened Monday afternoon in North Kingstown.
Superintendent Philip Auger says no one was injured, but some children were hit with safety glass from the broken window.
Auger emailed parents Monday night to say the person responsible was arrested.
He says the bus was bringing students home from Fishing Cove Elementary School.
After the shooting, the bus driver pulled away, checked on the students and called police. Students were taken home on another bus.
Auger says the school department is cooperating with police.
___
Information from: WPRO-AM, http://www.630wpro.com/
When Nick Crociata isn't sure how a race went, he doesn't just look at the clock, gauge how his body feels, and talk to his coaches. These are all fine tactics, but not fine enough for the Hauppauge senior. No, Crociata goes to the videotape.
Crociata's parents record all of his races and then, after careful analysis, he uploads them to YouTube, linking the videos to his own channel, aptly named ‘Crociata Track Channel.'
“On the finishing laps, I see if I could have had more [energy left] by the way I act after I finish the race,” Crociata said. “If I'm down on the ground, obviously I had nothing left. But, if I'm standing up and talking to people, then I know I could have finished stronger and maybe I could have started my move a little earlier.”
Normally, he watches each race once or twice. But, there's one race he's watched just a tad more than that. Crociata finished fourth in the 600 meters at the state indoor championships at Ocean Breeze Athletic Complex on Staten Island in March.
“I could have come out a little faster, maybe get ahead of the pack instead of having to collapse on it and getting tripped up by a couple of guys in the pack,” said Crociata, who ran it in 1 minute, 22.12 seconds and finished a little over a second off the pace. “Maybe if I led or stayed close to the front the entire time, and then just outkicked everyone, it could have been a different outcome. But, every race is a learning process and that one was a big one for me.”
Crociata will have a chance to make a new tape this March, and if things break right, he might be replaying it for the rest of his life. The senior is the top returning finisher from that race, making him the early favorite for state gold. In fact, he is the top returning finisher on Long Island in any state indoor event.
“I feel pretty confident that I can come home with that state title,” Crociata said. “I'm definitely feeling stronger then I was last year at this point . . . I'm hoping to take the state by storm.”
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Crociata has already started strong. He won the 600 in 1:22.37 at the North Shore High School Season Opener Dec. 1 at The Armory in Manhattan.
He hopes this is only the beginning of a memorable season, filled with school-record breaking performances and Suffolk County dominance. Crociata is the defending Suffolk Small School County Champion, running a 1:22.10 on Feb. 4.
Although he plans to dabble in both the 1,000 and 300, the 600 is Crociata's race, and he's not about to let it go without a fight.
“I kind of have the mentality that it's my race and my county,” he said of the 600. “If you want to come up and challenge me for it, good luck to you. But, it's mine.”
He's hoping to hold onto it for the whole season, and finally, when he looks at the tape of his final indoor race, be watching a champion.
Ashley Young insists his hunger for the game remains strong despite admitting uncertainty over his Manchester United future.
The former England international has started only 13 games for United this season and was linked with a move to the Chinese Super League in January and February.
But with eight of those starts coming in United's last 13 games, Young is back in the fray and wants to concentrate on events on the pitch.
The 31-year-old said: "There was of course, and there is always, speculation and especially when there is a transfer window and you are not playing.
"But I have always said that I want to play as much as possible. What the future holds I am not too sure. I am just concentrating on each game and when the manager calls on me I will give 100 per cent and look to play as well as I can.
"I am looking to play as many games as I can between now and the end of the season. That is what I am concentrating on now. That is the main focus for me and then we will see what happens.
"I have fire and hunger in my belly. I want to succeed. I work hard. When you have such competition in a fantastic squad it pushes you on every day.
"If you watched training there are no challenges that are not like in a game. Everybody wants to pull on the shirt and I am no different."
Young insisted he "was concentrating on Manchester United" when the rumours of a move to China surfaced and has not yet looked beyond the end of his current deal at Old Trafford.
Young, who joined United from Aston Villa in 2011, said: "I have another year left on my contract and an option after that so if there is anything there to be discussed you would have to ask the manager."
© Carolyn Parkinson.
You may perceive the world the way your friends do, according to a Dartmouth study finding that friends have similar neural responses to real-world stimuli and these similarities can be used to predict who your friends are.(friends-of-friends-of-friends).Published in Nature Communications, the study is the first of its kind to examine the connections between the neural activity of people within a real-world social network, as they responded to real-world stimuli, which in this case was watching the same set of videos."Neural responses to dynamic, naturalistic stimuli, like videos, can give us a window into people's unconstrained, spontaneous thought processes as they unfold. Our results suggest that" says lead author Carolyn Parkinson, who was a postdoctoral fellow in psychological and brain sciences at Dartmouth at the time of the study and is currently an assistant professor of psychology and director of the Computational Social Neuroscience Lab at the University of California, Los Angeles.The study analyzed the friendships or social ties within a cohort of nearly 280 graduate students. The researchers estimated the social distance between pairs of individuals based on mutually reported social ties . Forty-two of the students were asked to watch a range of videos while their neural activity was recorded in a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) scanner. The videos spanned a range of topics and genres, including politics, science, comedy and music videos, for which a range of responses was expected. Each participant watched the same videos in the same order, with the same instructions. The researchers then compared the neural responses pairwise across the set of students to determine if pairs of students who were friends had more similar brain activity than pairs further removed from each other in their social network.The findings revealed that neural response similarity was strongest among friends, and this pattern appeared to manifest across brain regions involved in emotional responding, directing one's attention and high-level reasoning. Even when the researchers controlled for variables, including left-handed- or right-handedness, age, gender, ethnicity, and nationality, the similarity in neural activity among friends was still evident. The team also found that fMRI response similarities could be used to predict not only if a pair were friends but also the social distance between the two."We are a social species and live our lives connected to everybody else. If we want to understand how the human brain works, then we need to understand how brains work in combination- how minds shape each other," explains senior author Thalia Wheatley, an associate professor of psychological and brain sciences at Dartmouth, and principal investigator of the Dartmouth Social Systems Laboratory.For the study, the researchers were building on their earlier work , which found that as soon as you see someone you know, your brain immediately tells you how important or influential they are and the position they hold in your social network.The research team plans to explore if we naturally gravitate toward people who see the world the same way we do, if we become more similar once we share experiences or if both dynamics reinforce each other.
Drummond Road, between Crawford Street and Sheldon Avenue, has been temporarily closed as the city repairs a watermain break in the area.
City hall advises water may be slightly discoloured and off taste after the interruption, but should disappear shortly after resuming use of the water. Running the cold water tap only should help resolve the problem.
For more information, call the Niagara Falls Service Centre at 905-356-1355.
Please remember in your prayers Joan Helen (Lundquist) Roy, 90, who died Feb. 7. She was the mother of Mary Fisher in Marketing, Insights and Communications.
A memorial service will be held Saturday, Feb. 25, at 10 a.m. at Colonial Church of Edina, 6200 Colonial Way. Donations in Roy's honor may be sent to Colonial Church of Edina or the Abbott Northwestern Hospital Foundation.
Read her obituary online.
Northwell Health has launched its second podcast this year.
The latest endeavor focuses on first-year medical students at the Donald and Barbara Zucker School of Medicine at Hofstra/Northwell.
The podcast, “Making an MD: Year One,” gives listeners insight into the challenges of medical education, as well as the ways in which that education is changing to suit the sensibilities of patients and their families.
The podcast's initial run will consist of 10 episodes — three of which are already available for download on iTunes — each up to 15 minutes long. It was produced and narrated by National Public Radio veteran Julie Subrin, and will follow members of this year's incoming class.
“When I attended medical school, more years ago now than I care to admit, we were told to sit down, be quiet and memorize our textbook,” said Dr. Lawrence G. Smith, the school's founding dean and physician-in-chief at Northwell Health, in a statement. “Today, thankfully, we're much more focused on training doctors who can provide patients not only with excellent care but also with a genuine feeling that they're being heard. And there's no better way to show this shift than to let people in on what goes on in our classrooms.”
New Hyde Park-based Northwell also launched “Health Story” in May. That podcast, which focuses on innovation and health trends through the perspective of patients, is hosted by David North, a Long Island radio veteran.
Separately, Northwell also supported a fellowship program established by the The GroundTruth Project, which trains and supports young journalists worldwide. The project Northwell supported was a podcast focused on the opiod crisis. The health system also made its experts available for the five-part series.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Henderson has admitted he can't influence Philippe Coutinho's decision over his future.
But the Liverpool skipper has insisted he will speak to the Brazilian midfielder, to ensure he pleads the case for the Reds.
Henderson is in Germany for the vital Champions' League play-off tie with Hoffenheim, in a game where he believes the Reds will be inspired by the anger of losing the 2016 Europa League final to a leap forward in Europe.
But the focus was inevitably on the player who wasn't there, with Coutinho's back injury preventing him from being part of the travelling squad.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
(Image: PA)
And the captain explained that while he respects his team-mate's decision, all of the squad are hoping the Brazilian will stay.
"It's a difficult situation for Phil and whatever I say won't help matters...but we want Phil to stay because he's a world class player,” Henderson said.
Asked what he can do to persuade the midfielder to stay, he added: "Good question. I don't think I can influence the situation but I can have conversations with him."
Henderson insisted that the players are focused on the task in hand, and not thinking about anything outside their control.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Transfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Manchester United, City, Liverpool and Chelsea updates, plus every done deal
And he believes that despite the disappointment of late dropped points at Watford at the weekend, Liverpool will remain positive in Hoffenheim.
“It's a great opportunity, we're excited to be here,” he said.
“We were disappointed to concede the late goal at Watford but we're still positive. Hopefully we can put in a good performance tomorrow and take a good result back to Anfield.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
As Abraham Lincoln nears the completion of its refueling and complex overhaul, Sailors are tirelessly working to ready the ship for its return to the fleet. In such a fast-paced environment, it can be easy to lose focus of everything but the work needing to be completed. That's where the Command Assessment Team (CAT) steps in— helping create a clear picture about issues and challenges Sailors face daily.
"The CAT collects data for the commanding officer on specific topics,” explained Chief Hospital Corpsman Jennifer Avila, a command climate specialist. “Last month, the team focused on Sailors issues with the Fitness Enhancement Program and proper nutrition. Now, we are focusing on drug and alcohol issues as well as the non-judicial punishment process.”
Each month, the team sends out a call for Sailors, E-6 to E-1, to participate in focus groups to address their concerns and make recommendations for improvements. While there are topics the groups cover, no issue is off limits for discussion.
“When we first started, a few of the Sailors were apprehensive because they were told to show up to the focus groups. They didn't know what exactly we did, until we explained our role.” said Avila. “We work on their behalf to allow the CO to see their point of view. Now, we are seeing more participation.”
The groups are conducted in an open-forum style so Sailors can feel discussing their issues without worrying about someone judging them, explained Logistics Specialist 2nd Class Ernst Clervil, a CAT facilitator.
The focus group CAT representatives write down anonymous statements and create lists of what issues are troubling Sailors as well as possible solutions. The list is then provided to commanding officer for review.
“When we talked to Sailors at the last focus group, they were concerned that their workload might affect their ability to stay fit,” said Clervil. “When the CO saw this, there was a large push to help integrate nutrition information, workout programs, and times in the day set aside to work on both.”
The focus groups allow the voice of junior Sailors to be heard by the upper chain of command.
"Commands without a Command Climate evaluation system are destined to fail because they do not know what is on the mind of their Sailors or what they are dealing with," said Salas. "Of course commands conduct a yearly command survey, but aboard the Lincoln, we want to be proactive and address issues."
Ultimately, the job of the CAT comes down to improving the lives of Lincoln Sailors by promoting awareness about Sailors concerns to the chain of command. Whether you have concerns about awards and recognition or fitness and nutrition, the CAT wants to know.
“I really believe in this program because it allows the Sailors to give their voice and feel like their needs matter," said Avila.
Allowing the Sailors voice to be heard and coming together as a team to effect change is what makes a true difference. Focus groups are announced monthly and Sailors are encouraged to come share their thoughts. It could be your one response that makes all the difference.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.14.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 13:11 Story ID: 230579 Location: NEWPORT NEWS, VA, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Command Assessment Team Gives Voice to Sailors' Concerns, by PO3 Aaron Kiser, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It may have ended more than 70 years ago, but our fascination with World War II remains as strong as ever.
Now, in tribute to those who fought in and endured the brutal conflict, HISTORY is to launch a series of programmes under the title of ‘World War True', aimed at capturing the attention of history buffs and channel surfers alike.
One incredible story which has come to light in the season, which kicks off on October 9, involves Polish doctor Eugene Lazowski and his friend Dr Stanislaw Matulewicz.
The duo saved more than 8,000 Jewish people by injecting them with a fake typhus vaccine so they would test positive for the virus.
The ‘outbreak' kept Nazi forces away, saving thousands from deportation to concentration camps.
Another amazing real-life story features Karola Koschwitz, a Hungarian woman who was part of the Special Operations Executive (SEO).
She hid Canadian agent Joseph J. Gelleny, aka Joe Gordon, in her attic, right under the noses of the German forces who took over two rooms of her apartment and turned them into their personal headquarters.
Viewers also learn how a hoard of more than 14,000 dog tags, including those of prisoners of war, and soldiers involved in the Normandy landings were found buried beside an anti-aircraft battery near London earlier this year.
The tags were found near to a disused factory where they were manufactured.
These are just some of the jaw-dropping highlights of the season, which starts on October 9, which includes the world premiere of WW2 Treasure Hunters.
The programme sees Madness frontman Suggs and relic-seeker Stephen Taylor, above, go in search of forgotten treasures – and the UK premiere of spy series X Company.
Set during the Second World War, this gripping espionage drama follows a group of young recruits torn from their ordinary lives to train as agents at a top-secret camp.
So, for a modern take on a world-changing event, be sure to tune in to World War True season on HISTORY.
It could alter the way you view the past, forever.
HEAR THE SOUNDS OF WWII
Visit WW2 House Live at www.facebook.com/HISTORYUK on Sunday 8th October from 3-9pm to immerse yourself in a unique broadcast of six years of war in six hours - from wartime scenes to the sounds of British life in the 1940s.
You'll also be encouraged to share your own family's war stories using Facebook Live comments, some of which will be voiced by actors during the transmission.
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation, much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday, will increase the side's chances of lifting the next World Cup.
WASHINGTON. D.C. (WTNH) — A new report from AAA finds that millennials are some of the worst drivers on the road.
The AAA study shows that 88 percent of young millennials in the U.S. engaged in at least one risky behavior behind the wheel in the past 30 days, earning the top spot of worst behaved U.S. drivers.
The study found that drivers between the ages of 19 and 24 admitted to either texting while driving, speeding, or running a red light.
On the contrast, drivers between the ages of 60 and 74 were found to exhibit the least risky behavior on the road.
These findings come as U.S. traffic deaths rose to 35,092 in 2015, an increase of more than 7 percent. This is the largest single yeear increase in five decades.
NEW YORK (AP) - Authorities say the alleged leader of a homicidal drug ring that imported tons of cocaine from Colombia into the U.S. has been brought to New York to face charges.
Daniel Rendon-Herrera, also known as "Don Mario," pleaded not guilty in Brooklyn on Tuesday to leading a continuing criminal enterprise.
There was no immediate comment from the defense.
Federal authorities say that the organization sent multi-ton, U.S.-bound shipments of cocaine from Colombia through Central America between about June 2003 and December 2014.
U.S. Attorney Richard P. Donoghue says the group also employed hit men across North and South America.
PROVO, Utah — Alexander Mattison ran for a career-high 118 yards and two touchdowns, Brett Rypien threw his first TD pass of the season and Boise State beat BYU 24-7 on Friday night.
Boise State scored 17 straight points in the second quarter to take a 10-point lead into halftime.
Mattison took a direct snap in a wildcat formation and ran it in from the 12 to tie it at 7 in the second quarter. After Kekoa Nawahine intercepted BYU's pass and returned it 51 yards to the Cougars 22, Boise State settled for a short field goal and a 10-7 lead.
Boise State took a two-score lead with 36 seconds left in the half on Sean Modster's first career touchdown catch. Mattison scored the only points of the second half on a 2-yard run early in the fourth to cap an 82-yard drive.
Months of planning by local organisations will see the NAIDOC Week celebrations begin in earnest at midday on Monday with an opening ceremony at Centennial Park.
NAIDOC committee secretary Ada Hanson said the opening ceremony will be a showcase of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander culture.
“It's the grand opening to what is going to be an amazing week of activities and events which are being run by a number of different organisations and groups,” she said. “It is basically a fun day open to everyone to come down, experience and listen to what Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander culture is and celebrate what is going to be a great week of activities.
“It also provides an opportunity for the community to come together and celebrate the oldest culture in the world.”
There will be live performances by the Pipeline Band and Tapping Stickz as well as a runway performance by the Goldfields Girls who will be modelling some of the creations they have made.
There will also be speeches by dignitaries, food tasting and a Torres Strait Islander and Aboriginal flag-raising ceremony.
The opening ceremony will be preceded by a free breakfast, from 8.15am to 10.15am, at Kalgoorlie Court House and the launch of the Goldfields Aboriginal Interpreting Service at 10.30am.
Each of the weekday evenings there is a free movie at the Aboriginal Film Festival and tickets are available at the Goldfields Aboriginal Language Centre.
On Wednesday, the Kalgoorlie PYCYC will host a NAIDOC Family Day with performances, activities and fun for all ages.
Goldfields Arts Centre is hosting the final event for the week on Friday with the Yothu Yindi and the Treaty Project on Saturday night.
A full program of events and activities can be found on the NAIDOC Kalgoorlie-Boulder Facebook page.
HIGHLIGHTS Robert E. Newman died of 9/11-related cancer, wife says
Farmingdale resident mentored colleagues for decades
Hundreds of people gathered at a Farmingdale church Tuesday to pay tribute to 9/11 first responder Robert E. Newman, a New York City firefighter who mentored many young colleagues he worked with over the decades on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
Firefighters lined Conklin Avenue and saluted a FDNY truck that carried Newman's body to St. Killian Roman Catholic Church, where mourners gathered for a funeral Mass.
Newman, a 39-year veteran of the fire department, died Feb. 9 of a 9/11-related lung cancer, according to his wife, Claire Newman. The Farmingdale retiree was 70.
“He was very open to sharing his knowledge of the area with all the young officers who needed that,” said Lt. Todd Heaney, of Staten Island, who worked with Newman for a decade. “He's going to be missed.”
Newman was the latest firefighter to fall victim to 9/11 illnesses — 127 deaths as of September, when the FDNY releases its officials counts, according to Jim Long, spokesman for the New York City Fire Department.
On Sept. 11, 2001, Newman, assigned to Ladder 18, and fellow firefighters had rushed to the World Trade Center after the first plane struck one of the twin towers, his wife said. He took cover under a firetruck when the first tower fell, then ran out to search for survivors. Newman was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2011.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In his eulogy, Battalion Chief John Rail remembered Newman as a man who could be serious and funny at the same time. Once, Rail recalled, he and Newman responded to a fire on the Lower East Side, and they watched a colleague, Gary Bulger, affectionately known as “cow head” due to substantial size of his head, climbed through a second-floor window.
“Suddenly, Bob grabbed me,” Rail recalled. “I said ‘What's the matter, Bob'. He said, ‘John, do you think his head is going to fit through the window?'”
Mourners, including many firefighters, broke out in laughter.
Countless nights at the firehouse, Rail said, the men talked about various topics, including politics and sports, but the conversation always turned to Newman's wife.
“He said how lucky he was to have a woman and a wife like Claire, and how good she was to him,” Rail said.
Among those who came to pay their respects was retired firefighter Hugh Mettham, 66, of Port Washington. Mettham, who worked with Newman for three decades, said he was a generous man who was always extended a helping hand.
“He would help people at all times, especially the young firemen. He trained a lot of people,” Mettham said. “He was a classic, old fireman who did a lot for the firehouse.”
A few weeks ago, Newman called Rail to share the bad news regarding his health. In their conversation, Rail said, Newman did not express anger, sadness or fear. Newman told his friend he had a happy life.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“He said he was sorry for nothing and grateful for everything,” Rail said.
Newman, who served in the Vietnam War, was buried at Long Island National Cemetery in Pinelawn.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With snow and ice blanketing Britain anyone getting behind the wheel knows to be careful – but a simple mistake could mean not only a fine, but no insurance payout if you get into an accident.
While winter tyres – or at least snow chains or tyre socks - are a legal requirement in large parts of Europe, there's nothing in the law in the UK to make you shod your car in them.
But failing to clear the snow from your roof before taking to the roads IS illegal.
That's because when you brake, or even just accelerate or turn, it can slide off – possibly obscuring your vision or creating a potential problem for another driver.
“Not clearing the snow off the roof of your car could invalidate your policy, as it could be a potential hazard if it falls off,” GoCompare.com spokesman Martyn John told Mirror Money.
And it's not just a problem if you get into an accident.
“You could be pulled over by the police and face a fine,” John added.
What rules are you breaking?
There's no specific law that says you can't drive with snow on your car, but you can fall foul of two of them by doing it.
“There is no law stating it is illegal to drive with snow on your roof, if it falls off onto your windscreen while driving or flies into the path of another car then you could be penalised for such offences as 'driving without due consideration' or 'using a motor vehicle in a dangerous condition',” the RAC warns .
Not the only risk
You need to make sure more than just your roof is clear too.
“If driving in adverse weather conditions you must, by law, be able to see out of every glass panel in your vehicle,” the RAC adds.
“This is supported by the section 41D of the Road Traffic Act 1988, meaning it is a legal requirement to have a clear view of the road ahead before you set off.”
And there are a couple of other rules you could fall foul of too. “This also means ensuring your windscreen is de-iced on the outside and thoroughly demisted on the inside.”
“For the same reasons it's imperative that all your mirrors are clear and demisted.”
As well as your lights and windows, there are a couple of other things to check.
“It is also the law that all lights and number plates are clearly visible too,” the RAC explains.
Duke head coach Mike Krzyzewski shouts instructions during the first half of an NCAA men's college basketball tournament second-round game against Rhode Island, in Pittsburgh, Saturday, March 17, 2018. Duke won 87-62. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
Duke head coach Mike Krzyzewski shouts instructions during the first half of an NCAA men's college basketball tournament second-round game against Rhode Island, in Pittsburgh, Saturday, March 17, 2018. Duke won 87-62. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - The Ramblers are moving on. Are the Retrievers ready to run with them to the Sweet 16?
Loyola-Chicago kept its feel-good story going with a one-point win over third-seeded Tennessee in the second round Saturday as the little guys kept making more noise in the NCAA Tournament. The victory allowed 11th-seeded Loyola-Chicago to keep pace with the University of Maryland-Baltimore County, a commuter school in Baltimore which - before Friday night - was best known as a master of the game of chess by those who actually knew of the school.
UMBC etched its name in sports lore when it beat Virginia , the top seed in the men's tournament, by 20 points, becoming the first No. 16 seed to accomplish the feat in 136 tries. Now, it's time to see if the Retrievers can put all those post-victory texts and congratulatory calls in the rearview mirror when they play No. 9 seed Kansas State on Sunday with a Sweet 16 berth at stake.
"Yeah, we're not satisfied," UMBC guard K.J. Maura said. "We go in tomorrow with the mentality we're going to win another game. We're hungry for more."
So, too, is Loyola, whose prayers again were answered in the waning seconds when Clayton Custer's winning basket bounced up off the front of the rim, lightly touched the backboard, and dropped softly back down before slipping through the net with 3.6 seconds left . Custer's winner came two days after Donte Ingram's buzzer-beating 3 from the March Madness logo beat Miami.
"We know that we can play with these teams," Custer said. "We play hard, we play together, and we play defense. I don't think a lot of these teams know how hard we're going to play when we show up. I know they got off to a good start, but coach challenged us to respond to it."
Call it divine providence for a team making its first appearance in the NCAA Tournament in 33 years.
With a twist, that is.
Sister Jean Dolores Schmidt, the team's 98-year-old team chaplain and occasional coach , has been watching and praying from her wheelchair on a platform near the main TV cameras courtside. But her bracket doesn't have her favorite team advancing past the Sweet 16.
"We're going to have to prove Sister Jean wrong on this one," Custer said.
MOUNTAIN MADNESS: These are heady days for the state of West Virginia, which really can't lose Sunday when 13th-seeded Marshall meets Bob Huggins and his West Virginia Mountaineers for a berth in the regional semifinals. They're the only two Division I colleges in the state that play the men's game.
"Half of the state's population is probably flying out here right now for the game," Marshall guard Jon Elmore said. "The attention West Virginia is getting, shoot, half the media doesn't even know we're a state."
Unfortunately, this game might have to suffice as far as the rivalry goes because the teams no longer play each other. Under Huggins, the Mountaineers have become a force in the Big 12 and no longer think scheduling the Thundering Herd is worthwhile despite pleas from fans and even the brief discussion of state legislative action to force the series to resume.
"We are on one end of the state. They are on the other end of the state. We don't really cross," Huggins said. "From our standpoint, it's not what you want to make it out to be - Duke-North Carolina. It's not that. It's not that at all."
CREAM RISES: Despite the upsets, top seeds Villanova and Kansas , second-seeded Duke , third-seeded Texas Tech and Michigan , fourth seed Gonzaga and fifth seed Kentucky are moving on to the Sweet 16 - the Zags for the fourth straight year - but they're still wary considering what's happened.
"Our biggest takeaway from just watching and being involved is that anything can happen," Duke's Marvin Bagley III said. "You know, every team is here for a reason and every game is - anybody could win it. We can't assume anything ... take it one day at a time because tomorrow's never promised in this tournament."
Top-seeded Xavier, second seeds North Carolina, Purdue and Cincinnati, and third-seeded Michigan State will try to advance Sunday.
ZONED IN: The state of New York singlehandedly took care of the Pac-12 in the NCAA Tournament, with Syracuse beating Arizona State and St. Bonaventure defeating UCLA in the First Four and Buffalo dominating Arizona in the first round.
Heading into Sunday's matchup against Michigan State, the Orange are the only one of four New York teams still standing. Duke crushed Iona and the Bonnies fell to Florida in the first round, and Kentucky pulled away late to beat Buffalo 95-75 in the second round Saturday.
Syracuse, the tallest team in the country, has prevailed because of coach Jim Boeheim's zone defense. It held Arizona State to 56 points and beat TCU 57-52 in the first round . Talk about being zoned in - that was 31 points below the season average for the Horned Frogs.
"If we're playing the zone the correct way, we're moving, active, talking, we definitely frustrate a lot of teams because we're so long and athletic and with shot blockers down low," guard Tyus Battle said. "And when you finally get that open shot, you start second-guessing it because you haven't got an open shot the whole game. So it makes things tough on the opposing team."
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
For many years, I managed day programs for an agency that serves people with special needs on Long Island. As part of my job, I worked in community habilitation and crisis-response programs. It was extremely gratifying, and the courage and determination of those with whom I interacted was inspirational. One unpleasant element of our work, however, was vigilantly ensuring that no one was taken advantage of or sold “cures” that emptied their wallets but did nothing to improve their lives.
Dolphin swim-with programs, or dolphin-assisted therapy (DAT), is just that. Touted as a treatment, such programs exploit both dolphins and humans with special needs, including children with cerebral palsy, cancer, Down syndrome and autism. Families are told that interacting with dolphins is so memorable that patients will miraculously reap benefits from the experience.
But there's no scientific evidence that interacting with dolphins has any meaningful therapeutic effect. Neuroscientist Dr. Lori Marino says, “Despite DAT's extensive promotion to the general public, the evidence that it produces enduring improvements in the core symptoms of any psychological disorder is nil . there is little reason to believe that DAT is a legitimate therapy or that it constitutes much more than entertainment.”
David Nathanson, who profited from selling DAT interactions for years, admitted that using an animatronic dolphin resulted in “no significant difference between dolphins and TAD (Test Animatronic Dolphin)” in generating responses from study participants and that in “children with profound disabilities, TAD was significantly more effective” in eliciting a response.
Even the anthropologist who is widely credited with having launched DAT, Betsy Smith, now denounces it, saying, “When I started this whole thing, I had no idea what we were unleashing.” She notes how profitable DAT programs have become, stating, “These are vulnerable, vulnerable families. They take the child to see the dolphins, and it's one of the few times the family is together, and the child is getting all this attention, and it becomes wonderful to them, while someone is ka'chinging a cash register in the background.”
Since these programs can cost hundreds of dollars, it may surprise families to learn that DAT is not regulated by any government authority.
There is ample empirical evidence that dolphins suffer and die prematurely in captivity, including two who have already perished at the recently opened Dolphinaris in Arizona. So many dolphins have died in the Las Vegas Mirage's tank, some call it “The Dolphin Death Pool.”
Many facilities operate almost continuously, giving the animals little respite. In the wild, dolphins swim vast distances every day in extended pods and use echolocation to navigate. To dolphins in captivity, even the largest pool is like a prison.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
They also have distinct personalities, call each other by name and can think about the future. Scientists have found that they not only communicate but also speak in complete sentences and patiently wait until another completes a thought before joining the conversation.
All this validates the growing call to relocate dolphins languishing in tanks to seaside sanctuaries, just as the National Aquarium is in the process of doing.
Facilities that promote DAT as a cure are mercenary and merciless. Visitors go home facing the same challenges but with less money in their pockets, and the exploited dolphins continue to suffer in cramped concrete tanks.
John Di Leonardo is an anthrozoologist with People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals.
On Friday, at the historic Parihaka reconciliation ceremony, the Crown finally apologised to the people of Parihaka for the actions which had burdened them “with an intergenerational legacy of grievance and deprivation, and which have burdened the Crown with a legacy of shame.”
Here is the full apology, which was delivered by the Attorney-General Chris Finlayson.
Mihi
Te maunga tupuna, Taranaki
Tū mai, tū mai rā
Ngā uri whakaheke
Koutou ngā kaikawe o ngā tohutohu
a Tohu Kākahi, a Te Whiti o Rongomai
Karanga mai, mihi mai, whakatau mai.
He rā tino nui tēnei mo te Karauna
He rā tino nui tēnei mo te Motu
Tēnā koutou, tēnā koutou, tēnā tātou katoa.
Introduction
We are at Parihaka today to participate in this historic ceremony which marks the reconciliation between Parihaka and the Crown.
This is a day when we need to look back at the history of the Crown's actions at Parihaka and acknowledge the suffering those actions have caused for generations of people at Parihaka.
This is an important part of reconciliation. But it is also a day when we look forward to a future where the vision of Parihaka is finally achieved.
For the vision of Tohu Kākahi and Te Whiti o Rongomai was not one of protest and resistance. Theirs was a vision of self-determination, cooperation and peace.
In the past the Crown felt threatened by that vision and sought to undermine it. Today the Crown comes to Parihaka to make a contribution to the fulfilment of that vision.
Parihaka has waited a long time for this day.
When I was here a year ago to sign the compact of trust I spoke about the sense of responsibility I feel as Attorney-General for this reconciliation.
The colonial government failed to uphold the rule of law at Parihaka and I am grateful for the opportunity, as the current Attorney-General, to be able to play a part in helping right that past wrong. Continue reading
Source and Image
News category: Features.
Buyouts coming to your agency? Senior Correspondent Mike Causey tells you what you need to know before you go.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Health experts predict a massive rise in flu cases as the cold bites.
But by preparing now you could defend yourself from a whole range of ailments from falls and fractures to chapped skin, chilblains and chest infections.
Here's our top-to-toe guide...
BONES
Falls on snow and ice caused almost 3,000 hospital admissions between 2014 and 2015.
“It's very common to get a fracture in later life,” says Sarah Leyland, senior nurse at the National Osteoporosis Society. “The balance between building and losing bone, which is ongoing, tends to get out of balance – particularly after the age of 50.”
And don't be fooled by our recent mild autumn. “Most UK winters see localised cold, icy snaps which can make walking difficult,” says Carl Marsh, founder of Ice Gripper products.
(Image: E+)
BEAT THE CHILL : Opt for wider soles to spread your weight over a greater surface area, with a grip design for improved traction, says podiatrist Michael Ratcliffe.
Swapping your handbag for a backpack frees up your arms for balance – while a telescopic walking pole offers extra confidence.
Take shorter steps, slow down and, in deep snow, consciously walk heel to toe.
Pop on ice grips over your shoes. (Ice Gripper own-brand grips start at £7.99 or invest in snow boots).
Boost your magnesium levels. Half of the body's magnesium is found in the bones with a deficiency affecting strength.
Products absorbed through the skin increase levels five times faster than oral supplements. Try magnesium body spray, flakes or lotion (from £9.95, betteryou.com).
Get moving. Exercise causes muscles and tendons to pull on the bones – stimulating the production of new bone, says Max Tuck, author of Love Your Bones (£14.99, or £5.99 ebook ( www.hammersmithbooks.co.uk )
Aim for 20-35 minutes of weight-bearing cardio exercise a day such as brisk walking, light jogging, bouncing on a mini-trampoline or skipping.
Three times a week add resistance training to improve bone density.
(Image: E+)
AIRWAYS
Breathing in cold air causes airways to dry out and constrict. This can lead to a burning sensation in the lungs, shortness of breath, wheezing, coughing and trigger asthma flare-ups.
“Plummeting temperatures and an abundance of unpredictable cold and flu viruses spell bad news for people with asthma, who are at increased risk of life-threatening attacks,” says Dr Andrew Whittamore, Asthma UK's in-house GP.
Cold, flu and mild bronchitis can also lead to chest infection, warns GP Dr Sarah Brewer. High-risk groups include the elderly, smokers, people with diabetes and those with other health problems or lung conditions.
BEAT THE CHILL : Get a flu jab. “This is crucial to inhaler-users,” says Dr Whittamore.
If you do succumb to a cold, flu or mild bronchitis, inhaling with steam can reduce the chances of chest infection, says Dr Brewer.
“This helps to moisten and thin mucus so you can cough it up more easily to prevent inflammation of the airways.”
For more effectiveness add a decongestant essential oil such as pine or eucalyptus.
Breathe cold air via your nose rather than mouth to warm before it reaches your lungs, advises Dr Whittamore.
MIND
One in three people in the UK experience some form of winter depression – with women 40% more likely than men to succumb.
Seasonal affective disorder (SAD) is caused by lack of bright light in winter, explains Dr Victoria Revell at the University of Surrey.
“As a result, many people find their body clock moving forwards during the winter making it harder and harder to get up and get going in the mornings.”
BEAT THE CHILL : Wake to light. “This provides the stimulus the body needs to help keep the body clock on track by suppressing the production of the sleep hormones,” says Dr Revell. Try Lumie's new Bodyclock Luxe 750D (£199, lumie.co.uk).
“Exercising outdoors helps”, says Helen Hanson, chair of the Seasonal Affective Disorder Association, pointing out that natural daylight “is better than any lightbox”.
SKIN
Winter can be particularly challenging for skin, explains dermatology nurse specialist Natalie Fisher. “Its main role is to act as a protective barrier with a layer of lipids, or natural fats, crucial for keeping moisture in and the dirt out.
“But cold air, central heating and hot baths can all contribute to a breakdown in that lipid barrier, leaving the skin less elastic and supple.”
BEAT THE CHILL : Strengthen your barrier now by regularly applying moisturiser.
“Consider using heavier, petroleum-based emollients during winter,” says Natalie.
If the skin does break, try What Skin Needs Cracked Skin Cream (£8.99, whatskinneeds.co.uk)
Long hot indulgent baths and showers can irritate and dry the skin, says Natalie. Opt for warm water, pat dry and apply moisturiser while skin is damp.
Switch to emollient/cream washes instead of lathering or foaming products that strip away natural oils, says consultant dermatologist Dr Sharon Wong (drsharonwong.com).
Avoid harsh detergents, says Natalie. “For eczema or sensitive skin, choose specialist, fragrance-free laundry products.”
(Image: Digital Vision)
HANDS
Some people have oversensitive blood vessels which over-react to cold temperatures.
Whereas normal vessels slow circulation to protect the body's core temperature, oversensitive vessels shrink, restricting blood flow.
This can lead to Raynaud's phenomenon – symptoms include cold fingers and toes, skin discolouration, numbness and tingling.
BEAT THE CHILL : Wear good-quality gloves, avoid washing hands in cold water and touching cold or frozen items.
Wear gloves and socks containing silver for natural heat-retaining properties. (From £9.50, srukshop.co.uk).
Stop smoking – and avoid stimulants like caffeine. Exercise regularly to both boost circulation and reduce stress (another Raynaud's trigger).
To warm hands, swing your arms like bowling a cricket ball, say experts, as the centrifugal force rushes blood to cold fingers.
Research has shown that ginkgo leaf extracts can increase blood flow in small vessels or capillaries. Try A Vogel ginkgo biloba drops (£9.75 for 50ml, avogel.co.uk).
See your GP if Raynaud's is bad. Medication can ease the symptoms.
Give severely chapped hands a deep moisturising mask treatment to restore hydration. Apply a generous quantity of thick emollient (try La Roche Posay Lipikar Baume AP+, £12.50, laroche-posay.co.uk) and then cover with cotton gloves and leave overnight, advises Dr Wong.
CORE
Studies have found a link between low temperatures and a rise in heart attacks.
In fact, research in the British Medical Journal showed that a one degree Celsius fall in temperature was linked with a cumulative 2% increased risk of heart attack.
If body temperature drops below 35C, hypothermia can set in.
Sluggish circulation – or blood being pumped less effectively around the body – can also worsen varicose veins.
BEAT THE CHILL : Wear a vest. “It's an essential garment for healthy wellbeing,” says holistic therapist Sofia Kupse (themusclewhisperer.co.uk). “Keeping your core insulated and warm will prevent heat loss from conduction.”
Keep moving. Being active boosts circulation and creates warmth.
Ensure your home is at least 18C.
Opt for thermals which work by trapping warm air while wicking away moisture. Try a sleeveless thermal thermadactyl vest (from £13.50, damart.co.uk).
(Image: Getty Images)
FEET
“In cold conditions, the body reduces the amount of blood circulating in our extremities to preserve its core temperature,” explains podiatrist Michael Ratcliffe at Carnation Footcare.
And chilly feet are more than just uncomfortable. Volunteers who sat with their feet in cold water for 20 minutes had a far greater chance of developing cold symptoms within five days. Studies show that cold feet can even make it harder to fall asleep.
BEAT THE CHILL : Merino wool socks offer extra warmth and comfort in winter, advises Michael. Toasty legs also boost circulation – so try long-johns or thermal leggings under clothes.
“Remember the rule of thumb when wearing more socks,” says Michael. “There should always be enough room to wiggle your toes freely.”
Keep active and avoid smoking. Moisturise feet twice daily to stop a build-up of dry skin.
LIPS
The skin on our lips is far thinner than anywhere else on the body – and contains no moisturising sebaceous glands.
As a result, lips are far more likely to become dehydrated, leading to chaps and splits.
Extreme temperatures and conditions can also reawaken the dormant herpes virus, triggering cold sores .
BEAT THE CHILL : Slather on Blistex Intensive Moisturiser Hydrating Lip Cream (£2.69 from Boots) which contains five protectant products to seal in moisture.
Prevent cold sores by using Lipivir gel.
Applied morning and night, it claims to drastically reduce the frequency of outbreaks (from £8.99, lipivir.com).
JOINTS
“People who suffer from arthritis may experience increased pain and stiffness during colder months,” says consultant rheumatologist Dr Rod Hughes.
Osteoarthritis affects an estimated eight million people in the UK with rheumatoid arthritis affecting 400,000.
BEAT THE CHILL : Try GOPO. “Studies suggest that this natural compound derived from the seeds and husks of rosehips can rapidly reduce joint pain, reduce joint stiffness, improve joint mobility and reduce the need for standard painkillers in osteoarthritis,” says Dr Hughes. (Try GOPO Joint Health, from £18.99 for 120 capsules; gopo.co.uk).
“There is also evidence of benefit for those with rheumatoid arthritis.
Keep active, if you can,” adds Dr Hughes.
Power shovels and dump trucks, workers in hard hats, roads dug up and long lines of traffic — waiting, waiting. What more does the state have planned in Ridgefield?
The bridge work on Route 35 by the Fox Hill Condominiums will go on until next winter or spring. State work on a Route 7 bridge in Branchville is slated for next spring and summer, but with work done only on weekends. And there's the Main Street project that a local committee has been working with state planners on — who knows when that'll actually start holding up traffic, but it's at least a year off.
And that's about all the State Department of Transportation (DOT) has planned for Ridgefield, according to John Dunham, district engineer.
“We have two active projects now, two active contracts,” Dunham told The Press.
Those would be the bridge work by Fox Hill that's been tying up traffic with some regularity, and the Route 7 bridge — just a stone's throw north of the intersection of Route 102 — in Branchville.
The Route 35 bridge job started as a $2.5-million project, but it's now projected to cost $3.2 million after a $680,000 change order was added to accommodate the unanticipated relocation of a sewer line.
“From a 20,000-foot view, we're hopeful to switch to stage two in August of this year,” Dunham said. “What that means is half the bridge will be completed.”
Route 35
Work is being done on the southbound lane — the recreation center side of the road. Southbound traffic has been moved to the northbound lane, on the Fox Hill side. And northbound traffic is diverted onto the temporary roadway and bridge by the Fox Hill pond.
Stage two will be when work on the southbound lane is done, and southbound traffic is switched back to that rebuilt half of the bridge, while work moves into the northbound lane — with northbound traffic remaining on the temporary roadway.
The switch from work in the southbound lane to work in the northbound lane — the start of stage two — is scheduled for early August 2017, Dunham said.
He's hopeful the second half of the project will go faster.
“The current schedule is showing an April 2018 completion,” Dunham said. “In talking to my guys they're sort of shooting to see if they can get the second half of that bridge done and opened up to traffic in this construction season — November, December of 2017 — and then clean up in 2018.”
“When they start stage two, it'll be very similar to where they are now,” he said. “My experience with bridges: The contractor has experienced the problems … things go much more smoothly the second piece.”
Route 7 bridge
The worked planned on the bridge that takes Route 7 over the Norwalk River, just north of the Route 102 intersection in Branchville, has an estimated cost of close of $3,490,000.
Some work has been done already.
“That was the one we were slow getting started because of permit problems. We found a scour hole, a large hole under the bridge,” Dunham said. “It's a hole in the river bottom that's the result of high flows of water rushing through a narrow opening.
“It wasn't something we planned on. The guys were in waders and, all of a sudden, ‘Hey we've got a hole here.'”
But work in the river bottom required permits from the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection (DEEP). That's usually not quick and easy.
“Exactly what we were going to do, and how we were going to do it,” Dunham said. “That permitting process is just slow.”
It delayed the project's start, but Dunham doesn't expect the Route 7 bridge job — planned to be done over a series of weekends — will be as difficult or as long as the Route 35 project.
“Once we actually get going, it should be a little more straightforward. It's a little bit smaller than the other project. We certainly don't have all the utility conflicts.
“We expect that this construction season we'll knock this thing out,” Dunham said.
“Starting sometime in April and finishing sometime in August.”
Ridgefield won't be facing traffic problems on both major state highways at the same time, since the Route 35 job goes on during the week and the Route 7 work will be on weekends.
Downtown
The Main Street project that's in the works will likely involve the relocation of the CVS shopping center driveway to face directly across to Prospect Street, and the addition of turning lanes for the Catoonah Street and Bailey Avenue intersections.
It is still in the design stages, with a team from the transportation department meeting with a committee of locals — merchants, town officials, concerned citizens — going back and forth with various design schemes that can achieve some improvement to traffic flow without damaging the look of Main Street that so many Ridgefielders treasure.
“Construction-wise, that's probably pretty far down the road — more than a year, I'd guess,” Dunham said.
“I don't have anything else in my long-range planning,” he added. “‘Intersection improvements' is the only one that's showing up in Ridgefield in the near future.
“There's no other bridge work planned, to my knowledge, in the next couple of years.”
The danger of hot car deaths isn't limited to just summer. The temperature inside a car can increase dramatically in minutes in warm spring weather."Since 1998, 702 kids have died in hot cars," according to AccuWeather . "54 percent were accidents, 28 percent were children playing unattended, and 17 percent were left intentionally. A child's body overheats three to five times faster than an adult body."This danger is real for pets too: Temperatures can rise dramatically in the span of minutes, and cracking a window does little to no good.To be safe, AccuWeather suggests parents be attentive and get into a routine when leaving their car, make sure their child doesn't have access to their keys, and leave pets at home if there's any reason to leave them in a car.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mesut Ozil put pen to paper on a new £350,000-a-week contract at Arsenal, putting months of speculation to bed.
The deal will keep Ozil at the north London club until 2021, and see him become one of the highest paid players in the Premier League.
Arsenal parted company with Alexis Sanchez early in the January transfer window, with the Chilean moving to Manchester United in a swap deal.
Ozil was set to become a free agent in the summer, with both the Red Devils and Barcelona waiting to pounce when the German became available.
(Image: Reuters)
But Ozil officially took himself off the market by committing his future to Arsenal.
The former Real Madrid star revealed he "let his heart decide" his future, before signing on the dotted line, but it seems his relationship with boss Arsene Wenger may have played a big part.
In his 2017 autobiography, Ozil wrote: "As far as preparation for matches or announcing the line-up are concerned, Arsene Wenger doesn't particularly differ from my previous coaches.
(Image: Mesut Ozil/Twitter)
"He won't tell us the formation until the day of the game. But there are two things that mark him out.
"First, I've never practised set pieces so frequently and intensively with any other manager before. It's one of Wenger's passions.
"He places great importance on trying out free-kicks and corners. Again and again and again he gets us to practise all manner of variations.
(Image: PA)
"Second, he's the most gentlemanly coach I've ever played under.
"When he comes into the dressing room in the morning he shakes everybody's hand. A firm handshake and he'll look you in the eye.
(Image: David Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
"If he happens to miss a player and see him for the first time on the ground, the personal greeting will take place there. In winter he even takes off his gloves before shaking hands
"I actually think that every club should have a morning routine like this. I like it when people show respect for each other."
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:13 A sneak peek at Palo Pinto Mountains State Park
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:24 Mule Lip Bar shooting creates new state park
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A year ago today, Three network decided to treat their customers to freebies every week by launching their very own rewards app.
Named Wuntu (no, we don't know why either), today is the day that Three's freebie brainchild celebrates its first birthday - and you can't have a birthday without cake.
The mobile phone network has partnered up with high street bakery Patisserie Valerie, to give as many customers as possible a completely free cake, plus coffee (or tea, or hot chocolate) to help wash it down with.
Only available today (Friday 2nd February), you'll need to download the app beforehand (available one both Apple and Android phones), and then show your freebie code at the Patisserie Valerie till once you've ordered your food.
There's no word on how many cake and coffee combos are up for grabs, but there's usually a limited amount available, so you may want to claim yours fast.
In its first year in the world, the Wuntu app has apparently provided over 155,000 free Dominoes's pizza, over 340,000 free coffees from Costa and more than 142,000 cinema tickets with Cineworld, according to Three.
They certainly know the key to our hearts...
But it seems that Three aren't the only phone retailers being generous with the freebies at the moment, as Samsung have just announced that they're giving away free festival tickets when you buy one of their selected Samsung phones.
‘Give 110 per cent' is officially the most annoying phrase. Picture: iStock
‘Give 110 per cent' is officially the most annoying phrase. Picture: iStock
EVER caught yourself "giving 110 per cent" or "thinking outside the box"?
If so, you might be making your co-workers cringe.
New research suggests that seven in 10 workers are guilty of using the most cringe-worthy phrases at the office - with "give 110 per cent" the leading offender.
The study, conducted by OnePoll in conjunction with a company called Jive Communications, looked at the communication behaviours of 2000 American workers and compiled a list of the 40 most cringe-worthy office phrases.
And if you have ever "hammered it out" or "circled back" then you probably had many a co-worker roll their eyes after a conversation with you.
Ever stood at the water cooler and stumbled into a conversation between two colleagues? Then you've probably heard some uttering awkward phrases like "let's ballpark this" and "run this up the flagpole".
What about "synergy"? Ranked at 13, this is a word that many people at the office can't stand to hear.
While we've all gone "back to the drawing board", 27 per cent of workers can't help but shut down and stop listening when anyone feels the need to use that phrase at the office.
According to 72 per cent of workers, these annoying words and phrases are used out of habit.
However, that doesn't mean that there aren't token office jokesters who use cringe-worthy phrases at work to test their workmates.
In fact, 29 per cent of employees uses these phrases for this exact reason, while 22 per cent use them for assimilation purposes.
"We've all been guilty of using these phrases, whether out of habit or not," senior vice president of Jive Communications John Pope said.
"While many of these phrases are helpful in conveying a message, I think this study will open a lot of people's eyes.
"It will help many of us to think twice about overusing phrases in the office, as well as the best way to communicate with or motivate those we work with."
And even though six out of 10 people can't even understand some of these annoying phrases, it doesn't seem like this trend is going to be ending any time soon.
As a result, while you may not understand what someone means when they say "blue-sky thinking" or "boil the ocean", you might just have to get used to hearing these phrases more often than not.
"These phrases definitely aren't going anywhere anytime soon," Mr Pope said.
"There's a reason they're so well-known and exercised within office spaces. However, overuse has diluted the meaning of many phrases.
"If you're constantly told to give a project '110 per cent', over time it will lose its power and effect. Our goal should be to use such jargon sparingly, and when the moment calls for it."
The Top 40 most cringe-worthy phrases:
1. Give 110 per cent
2. Think outside the box
3. Hammer it out
4. Heavy lifting
5. Throw them under the bus
6. Don't count your chickens before they've hatched
7. Pushing the envelope
8. Let the cat out of the bag
9. Let's circle back
10. Win-win situation
11. Blue-sky thinking
12. Boil the ocean
13. Synergy
14. Low-hanging fruit
15. Take it to the next level
16. Barking up the wrong tree
17. Going forward
18. Let's ballpark this
19. Run this up the flagpole
20. Back to square one
21. There's no I in team
22. Back to the drawing board
23. Paradigm shift
24. Elephant in the room
25. Raise the bar
26. Drill down
27. Best thing since sliced bread
28. Deep dive
29. Skin in the game
30. Reach out
31. Touch base
32. Play hardball
33. Don't reinvent the wheel
34. Kept in the loop
35. The bottom line
36. Down the road
37. I'll loop you in
38. Hit the nail on the head
39. ASAP
40. Team player
This story originally appeared on Fox News and was reproduced with permission.
RICHMOND, Va. - Cannabis advocates celebrated a victory in the Commonwealth Friday.
The House of Delegates unanimously approved a bill to allow doctors to broadly recommend a form of medical marijuana to patients. The bill, HB 1251, would allow doctors to recommend marijuana or cannabis extracts, known as CBD oil or THC-A oil, to patients of their choosing.
The state legislation passed in 2015 allowed the oils only for patients with "intractable epilepsy."
Republican Delegate Benjamin Cline sponsored the bill, saying it could help the Commonwealth start to find its way out of the opioid epidemic.
"This is about ways to help patients in Virginia suffering from various symptoms and illnesses and hopefully keeping them off opioids as a pain management tool," said Cline, who represents the 24th District.
While you still can't possess the oil legally under federal law, this bill would allow a doctor's note to be used as a defense if someone is cited or fined.
The Senate will consider a similar version to the bill next week. If it passes, it will head to the governor's desk.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
AMERICAN killer William Dathan Holbert, aka “Wild Bill”, has been sentenced to 47 years and one month in jail for the homicide and robbery of five people in the Panama Province of Bocas del Toro.
His wife, and accomplice Laura Michelle Reese received a sentence of 26 years and 4 months reports the Public Ministry. Both are behind bars in Chiriqui Province.
They were convicted of the killing and robbery of Bo Barry Lawrence Icelar, Michael Brown, Manchittha Nankratoke, Brown, Watson Seaward Brown and Cheryl Linda Hughes.
The couple were arrested in late July 2010 on the San Juan River, the border between Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
Interpol agents of the Judicial Investigation Directorate and Panama Police Brought them to Panamanian territory.
Confessions
Holbert first admitted to having killed the three members of the Brown family, in order to grab their property and also said where WIld Bill had buried them.
In later interrogations, he confessed to the killing of it knew Bo Icelar and Cheryl Hughes to appropriate their properties.
The sentence was imposed on Monday, August 14 by the magistrates of the Superior Court of Chiriquí.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Apprentice star Jessica Cunningham is "devastated" after the father of her three daughters was found dead at home.
Entrepreneur Jessica, 30, had three children with Alistair Eccles, and although they split in 2013 they remained close for their children.
A representative for the Celebrity Big Brother star told Mirror Online: "Despite their break-up, Alistair was a really good father to their children.
"Jessica is politely asking for some privacy at this devastating time so that she can protect their three girls."
(Image: BBC)
(Image: Twitter/TheProdigalFox)
(Image: Twitter)
Police added: "We were called shortly before 3am on August 11 following a report that a 35 year old man had been taken to Royal Blackburn Hospital after he had been found at an address on Underley Street, Burnley.
"He was sadly pronounced deceased at hospital. His death is not being treated as suspicious and a file will be passed to the Coroner."
The pair split after Eccles was given a 15-month suspended sentence in 2013 by Preston Crown Court, after admitting to money laundering.
Eccles ran Cunningham's first fashion business Famous Frocks with before it shut down in 2015, according to The Sun, and was convicted of money laundering while a gang of fraudsters is jailed for a total of 24 years.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
The gang roamed the country and scammed victims out of a total of £740,000, it was revealed in court.
They sold fakes adverts to unsuspecting businesses, and when they didn't pay up Alistair's cronies sent gang members posing as bailiffs to their homes and businesses.
The shocking revelations sparked a scandal during Jessica's time on The Apprentice last year.
But the former CBB housemate is said to have ended the relationship after Eccles was convicted.
Jessica is owner of an online fashion company and the Operations Director for a PR and marketing agency.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: BBC)
When entering The Apprentice, a source told The Sun: "Lord Sugar and the Apprentice team do lots of background checks, but there are things that slip through the cracks.
"He won't be hugely impressed to know that Jessica's ex, and someone who she worked closely with on her business, was involved in a horrible scam.
"They used to live together in Burnley but they've separated now as she left him after he was convicted."
Jessica believed her positive helpful attitude would propel her through the tasks, and said she wanted to get close to the other candidates to find out how they operate, analyse their strengths and weaknesses and attempt to use them to her advantage.
She said: “A motto I live by is: there is no competition if you're already winning.”
Jessica enjoyed a brief relationship with her Apprentice co-star Courtney Wood but has now found love with a new mystery man.
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) - The New Hampshire Lottery says it won't appeal a judge's ruling that allows a woman who won a Powerball jackpot worth nearly $560 million to keep her identity private.
The lottery said in a statement Monday that rather than appeal it believes the state Legislature should take up any possible changes in laws affecting the lottery.
The woman signed her ticket after the Jan. 6 drawing. She then learned that she could have shielded her identity by writing the name of a trust. Lawyers said she was upset after learning she was giving up her anonymity by signing the ticket, which the lottery commission acknowledged isn't spelled out on the ticket, but is detailed on its website.
She sued the state lottery commission to stay anonymous.
Chicago police issued a warning Friday about a video that's going viral nationwide on Facebook.The video shows child pornography. The Chicago Police Department, along with police departments across the country, are warning people not to share it.Sharing the video is illegal. Instead, delete it and then contact your local police and Facebook right away.There is no indication that the video was taken in Chicago.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Numbers Evening' game
BRAINTREE, Mass. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Massachusetts Lottery's "Numbers Evening" game were:
3-0-3-4
(three, zero, three, four)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three suspects left behind “before” photos when they ­allegedly ran off without paying for Botox treatment.
Two women and one man received Botox along with a millilitre of dermal filler in their lips.
The man also had dermal filler injected into his cheeks.
In total their treatments at Persona Cosmetic Medicine Clinic in Bexley, South East London, cost £2,230.
But the police say they left without paying the hefty bill.
Officers posted the pics on social media and asked for help to find the suspects in the February 10 scam.
Dr Lisa Delamaine, owner of the clinic, said: “We do not believe in charging patients up front as more treatment may be required when they are with their medical practitioner.”
It's safe to say that Saint West is a little casanova in training.
Although Valentine's Day is still a couple of weeks away, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's 2-year-old son is already getting his gifts together for his sisters, 4-year-old, North, and newborn, Chicago. In an adorable Instagram Story that the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star shared on Friday, the tiny tot palms her KKW Ride or Die Kimoji Heart perfume.
“Saint said he got BFF for North and Ride or Die for Baby Chi for Valentines Day,” Kim captioned one clip. As Saint holds tight to the pink perfume bottle, Kim says, “Is that mommy's perfume? Who is the perfume for?”
kimkardashian/Instagram
“For sissy,” Saint replies. “For sissy? That's nice of you,” Kim exclaims.
“You got sissy perfumes for Valentine's Day?” Kardashian West presses. He sweetly replies again, “Yesss. For Sissy.” Even though the gift was for his sisters, Saint got a little attached to the spray mechanism. As he kept spraying the perfume over and over, Kim finally took it away from him.
kimkardashian/Instagram
Saint isn't the only one picking up the fragrances for holiday gifts. Kim revealed on the social media app that she was sending the Bae fragrances to “all of her haters,” showing off a list of sticky notes with the names of Lindsay Lohan, Piers Morgan, and Wendy Williams, among many others, written on them.
The three new KKW Kimoji Heart Fragrances launched Thursday for $30 a pop.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
A very interesting report on the racial wealth gap just came out. A team of researchers led by economists William Darity Jr. and Darrick Hamilton set out to illustrate the scale of the problem, and to debunk certain myths surrounding the issue. Their results are sobering, but also offer important insight into how the problem might be addressed.
The racial wealth disparity between white and black Americans is stark and persistent. Some portion can be explained by differences in education, homeownership and employment, but the authors show that even controlling for these factors, the gap is huge.
Even if black people earn a college or advanced degree, get a full-time job and own a home, they're likely to have far fewer assets than their white counterparts.
The authors also address a second trope -- the idea that black Americans are less wealthy because they're less frugal. Musician Kanye West might have been tongue-in-cheek when he sang, “You know, white people get money, don't spend it/ Or maybe they get money, buy a business,” but there's little question that the stereotype has permeated popular culture. And white savings rates are indeed higher. The problem, as Darity et al. show, is that the only reason white Americans save more money than their black counterparts is that they earn more in the first place.
Basic economic theory says that rich people should save more of their money than poor people. If you're a senior executive or wealthy entrepreneur making say $15 million a year, you can splurge on private jets and mansions, but ultimately you run out of things to buy -- so, instead, you save. But if you're scraping by on $15,000 a year, every dollar you save comes at the expense of something essential -- food, rent, clothing, heat or payments on the car used to get to work. Since white Americans, on average, earn more than black Americans, we'd expect them to have higher savings rates even without being more frugal.QuickTake Income Inequality
How much of the savings gap is due to income is an empirical question, and the statistical methods differ. Papers do exist that assert that most of the difference is due to frugality, but these are in the minority. Economists Robert Barsky, John Bound, Kerwin Charles and Joseph Lupton found that two-thirds of the savings gap could be explained by income, and Maury Gittleman and Edward Wolff found that income explained all of the difference. So for black people, saving more in order to close the racial wealth differential would impose a severe economic burden.
If savings, education, employment and homeownership won't close the racial wealth divide, what will? On Twitter, University of Chicago sociologist Eve Ewing gave her answer: “WE NEED REPARATIONS.”
The idea of giving black Americans reparations for the past injustices of slavery, segregation, redlining, and other discriminatory policies isn't a new one. There are many moral arguments for and against reparations, and I won't rehash them here. But there's little question that reparations could be used to close the black-white wealth gap.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
In a separate paper, Darity and Hamilton suggest a different way to close the wealth gap. They suggest giving children so-called baby bonds, paid for out of tax revenue. Each child eligible for the policy would get some amount -- say, $20,000 -- in government bonds. If the policy were used as a form of reparations, it would be a one-shot affair, given to black Americans, but if -- as Hamilton has suggested -- it were used to replace current welfare programs, it could be a permanent, ongoing benefit given to all poor children. Either way, it's a bold idea with much to recommend it.
But there's at least one potential problem with the idea of using baby bonds -- or, indeed, any form of lump-sum reparations -- to close the racial wealth gap. Returns on bonds, one of the safest assets, don't match the returns on riskier assets like stocks or real estate. This may already figure in the black-white wealth gap. Though Gittleman and Wolff found no difference in rates of return for whites and blacks, economist Mariela Dal Borgo in a recent paper did find that white people earn considerably higher returns.
That could be due to black Americans putting less of their money in real estate, possibly out of fear of predatory lending, housing discrimination, or local governments doing things that reduce the value of black homes. It could also be due to black Americans putting less in stocks, perhaps because they're shut out of the human networks of financial advisers and planners that coax investors into the market.
An answer to this could be to give black children, instead of baby bonds, shares in a social wealth fund. This would be a fund, or collection of funds, run by the government and investing in a broad array of financial assets -- stocks, real estate investment trusts, etc. -- much like the sovereign wealth funds of resource-exporting nations. Although this would certainly expose black Americans to market risk -- which is necessary to make a good return over the long term -- the fund would manage their money alongside the money of many white citizens, ensuring that discrimination wouldn't allow black assets to wither.
As of now, these ideas seem like a remote political possibility. But as time goes on, as wealth inequality increases, and as the racial wealth gap remains wide, they may start to look like viable options.
Smith is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was an assistant professor of finance at Stony Brook University, and he blogs at Noahpinion.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar's opponent at the Royal Rumble in January will be revealed on Raw tonight.
The Beast Incarnate was long rumoured to be clashing with Irish superstar Finn Balor at the company's first pay-per-view of 2018.
However, WWE has announced Braun Strowman will face Kane this evening, with the winner becoming the new number one contender.
(Image: © WWE)
Strowman and Lesnar previously locked horns at WWE No Mercy in September, with Brock earning a narrow win over The Monster Among Men.
But the former UFC Champion and the veteran Kane have never had a televised one-on-one match, despite all their years working for WWE.
Lesnar last competed at WWE Survivor Series in November, when he defeated AJ Styles in a classic champion versus champion non-title contest.
His last championship title defence was the aforementioned meeting with Strowman in September, when he prevailed with a sudden F-5.
(Image: © WWE)
Fans will be intrigued as to whether WWE wants Lesnar to face Strowman again, with the likelihood being that he again defeats the rising star, en route to an expected WrestleMania 34 clash with Roman Reigns.
The alternative is the somewhat underwhelming prospect of a battle with Kane, who at this stage in his career surely has little chance of victory.
WWE said: "After weeks of back-and-forth brutality, Braun Strowman will once again meet Kane in the middle of the ring, which will no doubt buckle under the combined weight of these powerhouse superstars as they battle for the right to challenge Brock Lesnar for the Universal Championship at the 2018 Royal Rumble event.
(Image: © WWE)
"Claiming he is the red brand's “only monster,” The Big Red Machine has targeted The Monster Among Men in recent weeks, and their escalating rivalry has caused them to inflict inhumane amounts of damage on each other and their surroundings.
"When they collide on Raw with a Universal Title opportunity on the line, everyone had best stay out of the way."
Tonight's episode of Raw coming from the Quickens Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio will also see Roman Reigns defend his Intercontinental Championship against Cesaro.
WWE Royal Rumble takes place on January 18, 2018 from the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Wondering where to take your child to see Santa this Christmas?
Here are the details of grottos across Derbyshire. We can easily add to this list though so if you'd like your event adding, please email the details to louise.cooper@jpress.co.uk.
In recognition of LGBTQ rights, PVH Corp. will support Pride events around the world, including Tokyo, Okinawa, Hong Kong, Toronto and Montreal. The company will once again participate in the New York City Pride March as a Platinum Level Sponsor on June 24 and for the first time, Speedo USA will sponsor Los Angeles Pride 2018 on June 10. PVH Europe is also an official business sponsor of Pride Amsterdam 2018 and will join the Canal parade on Aug. 4.
Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, both divisions of PVH Corp., are currently offering capsule Pride collections featuring apparel, accessories and underwear. The collections will be sold throughout the month of June and a portion of proceeds will go to the Human Rights Campaign Foundation. Speedo USA, another PVH division, will also introduce a Pride capsule June 1.
Emanuel Chirico, chairman and chief executive officer of PVH Corp., said, “Supporting Pride is just one of the ways PVH is creating an inclusive environment where every individual is valued. It's been incredible to watch our teams grow this important initiative, which started as a grassroots moment two years ago and has now transformed into a global celebration.”
Calvin Klein is selling classic women's and men's T-shirts and tank tops from Calvin Klein Jeans, with a rainbow-treated logo, as well as an array of men's cotton underwear in individual rainbow brights, and women's bralettes and underwear that highlight rainbow-stripe patterns from Calvin Klein Underwear. Prices range from $6 to $35. The rainbow set of underwear is $59.50.
Hilfiger has incorporated rainbow colors into its signature red, white and blue Hilfiger logos on a T-shirt, bandanna, duffel, baseball caps and socks, with a heart at the center. Prices range from $9 to $59.
There is a dedicated digital Pride shops-in-shop on both Klein and Hilfiger's web sites. Tommy Hilfiger products will be available at Hilfiger retail stores, and Calvin Klein products will be sold at Calvin Klein retail stores and select Macy's doors.
Speedo USA will introduce a limited-edition Pride collection to further support inclusion and diversity in the sport of swimming. Speedo will donate product to United States Masters Swimming LGBT teams. The collection features splashed rainbow spirit on several signature women's and men's looks, including swimsuits, T-shirts and hoodies, as well as accessories such as a swim cap, trucker hat and goggles. Prices range from $15 to $69 and will be available starting June 1 at speedousa.com.
Hundreds of PVH associates wearing PVH Pride T-shirts will march alongside a custom-branded, double-decker bus at the NYC Price March. Models will sport Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger underwear collections, and there will be live performances by DJ Lina Bradford and a team of dancers wearing Speedo Pride product. This initiative is supported by PVH's associate-led LGBT Business Resource Group.
To further the company's commitment to the LGBTQ community, PVH Corp., Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger have recently signed on to the Standards of Conduct of the United Nations' Free & Equal campaign pledging support to create positive change in the sphere of lesbian, gay, bi, trans and intersex human rights.
With amount of food we produce and consume, why do so many people still go hungry?
The number of chronically hungry people in the world is over 800 million, yet developed countries are facing health challenges from rising rates of obesity. The growing problems of food security and water scarcity seem an issue of distribution rather than availability. But other factors also influence the status of food and water security worldwide. So where does the problem with food and water security lie? Do developed countries – or any other entities or individuals – have any moral obligations to ensure a global network of water and food security? What practical, policy-oriented action can fulfill any moral obligations that might exist? John and Ken grab a bite with Tim Benton, Professor of Population Ecology at the University of Leeds and UK Champion for Global Food Security. Sunday 10/08 at 11 am (new time!) and Tuesday 10/10 at 12 noon.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The eyes don't lie, and one of the best ways to prevent signs of aging is paying attention to your peepers.
Eye creams look to help mask signs of aging, including dark circles and puffiness, and an eye cream is one of the best ways to keep these delicate areas looked after.
Whether you're new to eye creams or looking to invest in a different one, we've rounded up the best eye creams for every budget and skin tone. Here are some of our favourites.
1. Liz Earle Superskin Eye Cream £39
(Image: Boots)
Beauty fans will recognise Liz Earle from her best selling Hot Cloth Polish, but her eye cream is another success story.
It contains a 'blend of rosehip, borage and cranberry seed oils, plus extracts of paracress to lift and firm, pomegranate fruit and green tea to brighten, and alfalfa to ease puffiness'.
It's a luxurious feeling cream that looks to firm and brighten the eye area for visibily noticeable results.
2. Estée Lauder 'Advanced Night Repair' eye treatment £43
(Image: Estée Lauder)
Whilst there's a slightly higher price tag, this Estée Lauder eye cream is a firm favourite and described as a star product by many.
It uses an 'exclusive chronoluxCB technology' to improve the appearence of visible damage such as fine lines, crow's feet, dark circles, puffiness, dryness and uneven texture.
It's a rich, gel cream that won't leave your skin feeling oily, but will leave it feeling moisterised.
Get it from Debenhams for £43
3. Keihl's Midnight Recovery Eye £28.13
(Image: Keihl's)
This US favourite boasts a blend of 'restorative essential oils and botanicals' alongside a number of natural ingriedients.
Specially designed for the delicate under eye area, this paraben and fragrance free eye cream will reduce the appearance of fine lines, and improve puffiness.
Get it from Saks Fifth Avenue £28.13
4. Olay Eyes Ultimate Eye Cream £24.99
(Image: Olay)
If you're looking for a good daily eye cream without breaking the bank, Olay is worth a try.
The supercharged formula is packed full of vitamins and blends with every skin tone, to renew the skins appearance over time. It also looks to colour correct the skin under your eyes to perk up dark circles.
Get it from Boots for £24.99
5. Elizabeth Arden Visible Difference Moisturising Eye Cream £26
(Image: Elizabeth Arden)
This ultra moisturising but not heavy eye cream delivers just the right amount of moisture. It aims to work deep into the skin's surface and leaves skin looking fresh and smooth.
It works on all skin types, and looks to improve the appearance of fine lines.
Get it from Boots for £26.00
6. No. 7 Protect & Perfect Intense ADVANCED Eye Cream £18
(Image: Boots)
This No.7 eye cream looks to smooth the appearance of deep lines and wrinkles and delay new ones.
It uses Matrixyl 3000 Plus™, No.7's most concentrated peptide technology to target lines and wrinkles in delicate areas without being too heavy.
Get it from Boots for £18.00
7. Origins Refreshing Eye Cream to Brighten and Depuff £21.00
(Image: Origins)
Want to look wide awake? Try this Origins eye cream, which has been clinically proven to reduce dark circles.
It uses 'Coffee Beans, Panax Ginseng, Magnolia Extract and natural optic brighteners' which will help you look more awake, refreshed and radient.
Get it from Look Fantastic from £20.50
8. REN Keep Young And Beautiful Anti-Ageing Eye Cream £32.00
(Image: Ren)
This REN eye cream has been made using advanced peptide complexes, and has been credited with making skin appear smoother and firmer in just one day.
It's unique blend uses 'Hexapeptide-11 technology is designed to gene response and collagen production to firm the skin, whilst alpha-linoleic acid regulates melanin to reduce the appearance of age spots'.
Get it from Look Fantastic for £32.00
9. Clinque All About Eyes £24.75
(Image: Clinique)
This popular eye cream has a lightweight gel formula which diminishes the appearance of puffiness, dark and fine lines, and as an added bonus also helps to help eye make up stay put.
Perfect for firming up your eye area without breaking the bank.
Get it from All Beauty for £24.75
10. Benefit! It's Potent Eye Cream £25.20
(Image: Benefit)
Benefit's eye cream looks to fade dark circles and smoother lines for a brighter appearence. It contains a peptide complex to restore elasticity and 'a blend of hydrating botanical extracts and loquat extract, known to help protect the skin from free radical damage'.
Plus, we love the old school packaging.
Get it from All Beauty for £25.20
11. Bobbi Brown Eye Repair Cream £48.00
Bobbi Brown's Eye Repair Cream is one of their best sellers, thanks to a rich formula which makes eyes look well rested. It's packed full of 'peptides, natural plant oils and humectants to target fine lines, wrinkles, dark circles, puffiness and dryness'.
Bobbi Brown also say it's been formulated with 'Extra Repair Complex' which is a 'a combination of clary sage ferment and argireline' which helps boost skin's natural collagen production and gives your skin an extra protective moisture barrier.
Get it from Fabled for £48.00
When Sean Spicer called Justin Trudeau “Joe,” all hell broke loose on Twitter
When Sean Spicer called Justin Trudeau “Joe,” all hell broke loose on Twitter
Earlier today, during a press conference, White House press secretary Sean Spicer appeared to refer to Canada's prime minister as “Joe” Trudeau—which is obviously not the right name. The flub may have been a simple slip of the tongue. Even so, within minutes, Twitter was awash with “Joe Trudeau” jokes. Here are some of them.
Here's what Spicer said:
Oh boy. Spicer says Trump had a productive meeting with Canadian PM "Joe" Trudeau. pic.twitter.com/0SHj0yY1iY — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) February 14, 2017
First and foremost, the gaffe was an occasion for many, many Sean Spicer jokes:
Spicer: "I don't know why SNL parodies me."
Spicer: *calls Justin Trudeau Joe Trudeau*
Spicer: "Oh." — lindsay ⚡ (@zekey26) February 14, 2017
You know it's a five-alarm Twitter pile-on when someone finds a way to use this cat GIF:
Sean Spicer:*accidentally says Joe Trudeau instead of Justin Trudeau*
SNL Writers: pic.twitter.com/eV4OnY2rOP — Evan Weidl (@evan_weidl) February 14, 2017
Politifact rates this tweet MOSTLY TRUE:
Spicer calling Justin Trudeau “Joe” proves that he's not even qualified to play bar trivia… — Chao Li (@cli6cli6) February 14, 2017
But what if there's a logical explanation? Like, maybe we just haven't met this Joe Trudeau yet?
"Joe Trudeau" is the Justin Trudeau impersonator that Canada sends on the trips that are just a complete waste of time. — Rachelle Goguen (@rachellegoguen) February 14, 2017
Imagine what identical Justin Trudeau twins could do for Canada's economy! One of them could hang out at airports and sell hugs to tourists.
I could never pick my fav! Justin is smarter, but Joe is so HOT! Can I have them both as my #valentine ? #Spicer #JustinOrJoe #trudeau pic.twitter.com/CON5WmWte8 — la moustache ringard (@SJGrunewald) February 14, 2017
Others believe that “Joe Trudeau” could be some sort of Justin Trudeau alter-ego. PM by day, dashing rogue by night:
In this age of name-recognition politics, could Joe Trudeau become a viable candidate in the next federal election? Sources say: absolutely.
72% of Canadians aren't sure if Joe Trudeau is ready to be prime minister — Stats Canada (@stats_canada) February 14, 2017
Or maybe the fake-name thing was all a ruse to keep Trudeau off the White House's mailing list?
When you meet someone sketchy and give them a fake name. #JoeTrudeau pic.twitter.com/Dp1Ev1wnaa — Brooksy (@BrooksyRadio) February 14, 2017
Another strong possibility:
Joe Trudeau is a saltier, more down-to-earth twin who works with his hands. Together, they are TRUE DEUX, a Canadian Bachelor spinoff. — emily nussbaum (@emilynussbaum) February 14, 2017
One has to wonder what Trudeau thinks of all this.
Vancouver performer Bonnie Kilroe is bringing her musical comedy impersonation show, Divas: Vegas meets Vaudeville, to Blind Bay on Oct. 13.
Fresh from Orlando, Florida at the Sunburst convention for Professional Celebrity Impersonators, Kilroe was inducted into the Hall of Fame for most unique act as well as an award for Gold showcase judged by local agents.
She is “A ‘Farce' to be Reckoned With!” they said. “The vocals of Streisand, the comedy of Lucy…with the charisma of Marilyn!”
The show combines vaudevillian comedy with singing and spectacular costumes, creating a powerful parade of fun and parody.
Vegas meets Vaudeville is a 100-minute musical comedy celebrity impersonation show featuring 20 iconic singers, actresses and entertainers from the past – Mae West, Marilyn Monroe, through legends with timeless appeal – Cher, Dolly Parton, Barbra Streisand, Madonna, Reba McEntire, Tina Turner, to stars of the present – Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Shakira, among others.
It's a visually exciting show with full costume/wig changes. Prepare to laugh and maybe even join Kilroe on stage throughout the show!
Kilroe has performed Divas to audiences all over the world over the last 15 years, from small fundraisers in towns across Canada, to large theatre shows and casinos throughout North America and as a guest entertainer on cruise ships on most of the world's seas.
This show won several awards in 2015/2016 and now 2017 for Most Unique Act, Best Comedy, Best Costume, Best Showcase and an Award of Excellence from the Las Vegas Reel Awards and The Sunburst Convention for Professional Celebrity Impersonators in Orlando.
The show takes place at 7 p.m. Friday, Oct. 13. Doors open at 6. Tickets at $35 are available at the Shuswap Lake Estates main office.
@SalmonArm
barbbrouwer@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
According to Nebraska State Patrol Investigator Jeff Van Stelton's affidavit of probable cause filed in Dundy County Court on March 23, Thibedeau waived his Miranda rights and admitted verbally and in a written confession to falsely arresting and detaining a woman while he was on duty and insisting on seeing and touching her breasts.
Former Dundy County Sheriff's Deputy Charles Thibedeau remains behind bars today after his April 5th arraignment on felony kidnapping charges . The judge denied a reduction in the bond at the hearing and stated the former law enforcement officer is facing a minimum of 1 year in prison and a maximum 50 years in prison for the crimes he committed against a young woman.The 26-year-old woman remains unidentified as is customary for all alleged sex crime victims.He met the woman, with the promise of telling her all he knew about the raid.Thibedeau allegedly said he'd tell her about the raid if she'd show him her breasts. She refused. But instead of letting her go, the officer detained her, and placed her in handcuffs, put her in the back of his patrol car, and then drove away. All the while the woman was protesting, saying he shouldn't drive away and leave her boyfriend's 5-year-old young son in the back of her own vehicle.Judge Edward Steenburg told Thibedeau, "You did abduct another person and continue to restrain her, with the intent to hold her for ransom or reward or to terrorize her. Kidnapping is a class II felony," he said as he read the charges to Thibedeau before denying a reduction in the $250,000 bond set in the case. His next court appearance is scheduled for May 3rd.Actions such as Thibideau's are no surprise to The Free Thought Project. What is surprising, though, and a bit encouraging for victims of sex crimes, is how seriously the police department and the prosecutor's office are taking the allegations, even charging the officer with the crime and proceeding to trial.All too often, we report stories where women's claims against police officers fall on deaf ears. As we recently reported, one California woman had to resort to uploading videos of her ex-boyfriend neglecting his duties as a police officer before they would take action against him for her allegations he'd been abusing her physically. In that case, the officer was only charged after the videos came to light.Other officers have been abusing women for years, cowardly hiding behind their badges, and getting away with their crimes. A Georgia woman had been terrorized by her ex-husband, a police officer, who eventually arrested her for complaining about his lack of help with the children in a message on Facebook.In court documents, the woman alleges her ex promised her he'd drop the charges if she'd have sex with him. After she was arrested a second time, along with her Facebook friend, for the same charge (talking about her ex on Facebook), her ex-husband had her booked into the county jail. But it turns out, there is no crime for "criminal defamation of character" in the State of Georgia, and the woman is now suing her ex-husband in court.
Double R Racing left last weekend with a lot of positives as Swedish star Linus Lundqvist took two victories in the F4 British Championship. The result sees the the 18-year-old move up to third in the overall standings, with three wins this season.
“It's fantastic for Linus to take two wins”, said Double R team principal Anthony ‘Boyo' Hieatt, “Our set-up for Croft has always been good, we always have a great car there, so we take great delight in doing so well this weekend – Linus was the pace-setter throughout and did an outstanding job.”
Lundqvist had started on pole for the first and final race, breaking away in the early stages and benefiting from the fact championship leader Jamie Caroline had a ten place grid penalty. He would even beat Caroline in the second encounter, finishing fourth.
Elsewhere, his teammate, Karl Massaad picked up a fourth place in the final event after a drive through the pack, holding off Caroline.
“Karl had a terrific recovery in the third race after an unfortunate collision in the second one, he raced very strongly and to be in the fight with the podium contenders was fantastic and where we know he can be on a regular basis.”
Finally Hieatt spoke of Zhuo ‘Daniel' Cao, “It wasn't the strongest weekend of the season for Daniel but, overall, we're delighted with the team performance.”
Double R sits third in the teams standings on 209.5 points, behind the four car teams of TRS Arden and leaders Carlin. British F4 now goes into it's summer break, the next round will be at Snetterton on 29/30 July.
It's almost time to ring in Chinese New Year. The year of the dog starts on February 16, and some of the chicest brands are joining the festivities via capsule collections. In addition to showcasing man's best friend, the special-edition items feature plenty of traditionally lucky red. CR has put together some fluffy-eared favorites sure to inspire canine celebration.
More Videos
0:20 Arlington and Grand Prairie police need help identifying two purse snatchers
1:11 So, you know everything about the Fort Worth Stock Show and Rodeo. Sure about that?
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
1:20 Nervous about jogging after the attacks in Tarrant County? Keep these safety tips in mind
1:26 Hyperloop One promises travel in a tube at jet speeds. So how do they do it?
2:48 West side motel owner ordered to clean up or face closure
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
2:06 Grand Prairie wins first place award for parks and recreation programs, beats Arlington
0:47 Need party planning ideas? Watch the Fort Worth Zoo's baby ape celebrate her first birthday
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
1:21 Where should you go for a drink in the area? These five places lead Tarrant County in alcohol sales
I am fortunate to have been invited on a few occasions to speak at Harvard Business School. Aware that these students are not lacking for lectures, I like to entertain them with unconventional perspectives based on my own experiences. On my very first visit to campus, I started to talk about the psychology of why we do the things we do. The subject goes back to my childhood and how my journey in life—my entrepreneurial passion—is a result of my atypical view of the world. The lecture hall started out with maybe 10 or so students, and because of cell phones and instant messaging, word got out about my talk. The room began to fill up until there was standing room only.
I am curious by nature and enjoy getting to know people, especially what motivates them to take risks and change the rules. Because I struggled with schoolwork growing up, I turned my attention instead to watching people. I could not grasp a language or memorize a math equation, but I learned to read people. As I talked to people, their facial reactions, body language and speech patterns told me more about them than what they were saying. This isn't ESP, it's human interaction.
To demonstrate my point, I singled out a student in the audience who seemed visibly struck by my talk. I could tell when she was deeply interested in what I was saying, when she became intrigued and when she was overcome with happiness. I asked her to stand up, and I commented on my observations—the way she thinks and what she was going through in life at that moment—with astonishing accuracy.
Fast forward five years, and I was invited to speak at a Harvard Business School alumni event in New York. This time I thought I'd make everyone laugh by bringing my grade school report card. Math: D. English: D+. History: D. Science: D-. Spanish: F. Physical Education: B. (At least I was an athlete.) I spoke about perseverance, fighting through bad grades and how to find yourself even as other factors are defining you. I spoke about intuition and following your inner voice. Again, I picked an individual out of the crowd and awed the audience with my instincts.
“The ability to engage a mind, understand what other humans are thinking and speak to them so effectively that they begin to have a conversation of their own with you is incredibly powerful.”
That evening I joined a group for dinner and was approached in the restaurant by a woman who recognized me. She asked if I remembered her. It turned out that not only was she the woman I had singled out that night, but she was also the same woman I had asked to stand up at my first HBS talk five years earlier. That public exchange had played out in her mind since it happened, and when she learned I would be speaking again she was eager to tell me what she had been doing.
The experience with HBS fascinated me as I watched the recent presidential election unfold. The ability to engage a mind, understand what other humans are thinking and speak to them so effectively that they begin to have a conversation of their own with you is incredibly powerful. An effectively engaged audience is one that is listening to you so intensely that they have a conversation with you in their minds, believe they have a relationship with you and will make decisions based on that perceived relationship.
Some of the greatest communicators, whether they are in politics or Hollywood or business, have this remarkable way of igniting a conversation in their listener's head. Strong communicators know how to read audiences, connect to them from a podium or through the television and incite an internal conversation in return—the listener believes that they know you personally and that you're friends. My pal Ellen DeGeneres speaks so authentically to her viewers that I know if she were to mention heartache or pain, her fans will think to her, “I am there to protect you” and maybe even take action.
What a beautiful thing it is to appreciate a person's mind. We live in a world where we are constantly trying to escape through smart phones or games or music or reality TV. The more we escape, the more we become nonparticipants in our own world. Maybe it's time for us to slow down and connect to the world around us. I will often plop myself down in a high-traffic location—such as the steps of St. Patrick's Cathedral on Fifth Avenue—and watch as people pass by. You can predict a lot about a person's day—or life—just by observing.
Strong communicators also know how to draw out someone's dreams and emotions and put them into a place where they feel incredible. I see many people who are scared shitless. But we all fear the unknown: our personal future; the future of a company we're running; the future of our country. So how do you drive a person, an organization or a nation to believe? By taking them to a mental place where they feel safe, happy, energized and passionate.
When I meet with entrepreneurs, I want to have an honest conversation about who they are and their fears and help them find a solution. This is what transpired when I spoke at Harvard—I realized we all have a voice that has the power to motivate people. And with great power comes great responsibility. Our politicians and celebrities and athletes and talk show hosts and others with broad platforms must remember this—because an audience's voice back can be equally strong. Even a mouse in a parade of elephants can be seen and heard.
New Delhi: The Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) has rejected media reports of a 'sizeable' Chinese troop presence in Doklam and said the 'status quo' agreed upon by the two sides last month is still in place.
"We have seen recent press reports on Doklam. There are no new developments at the face-off site and its vicinity since the 28th August disengagement. The status quo prevails in this area. Any suggestion to the contrary is incorrect,” the MEA said in a statement on Friday.
On Friday, media reports said that China has increased its troop presence in Doklam and its military is also widening a controversial road close to the disputed site. The reports further said the road widening work has been carried out just 12 km from the site of the Doklam standoff.
China and Bhutan have been at loggerheads over their territorial right in Doklam, but New Delhi has backed Thimphu over the issue.
Indian and Chinese troops were recently locked in a major standoff over the road construction by China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) in Doklam. The standoff ended last month after both sides agreed to pull back their troops.
Days after the face-off ended, Army Chief Bipin Rawat had said China has started "flexing its muscles" and warned that the situation in India's northern border could snowball into a larger conflict.
In a new Super Bowl ad, Matt Damon makes a bold promise: Buy a limited-edition Stella Artois chalice and your money will help give a clean water supply to someone in the developing world for five years.
The ad, called "Taps," reminds viewers that water is something we take for granted. Around the world, 844 million people do not even have a basic service providing water to their homes, according to the World Health Organization.
"If just 1 percent of you watching this buys [a chalice], we can give clean water to 1 million people," says Damon in the ad. (That's based on typical viewership for Super Bowl ads: in the 111 million neighborhood.)
The 30-second spot was purchased by Stella Artois (estimated price tag: $5 million). It's part of an ongoing partnership between the beer giant and Damon's nonprofit group, Water.org, whose mission is to provide access to clean water and sanitation in the developing world.
This year, there are three chalices available for sale on Amazon for $13, with $3 in proceeds from each purchase going to Damon's charity. The beer glasses are imprinted with designs by artists from India, Mexico and the Philippines, countries where Water.org currently works.
So what exactly does that $3 buy? Can it really bring clean water to one person for half a decade? Skepticism surfaced on Twitter.
Even water specialists weren't clear on how the numbers were calculated.
To learn more, we interviewed researchers and spokespeople for Water.org
What does Water.org do?
Despite its name, Water.org doesn't actually provide water to people in the developing world. So your $3 won't go directly toward, say, the delivery of jugs of water or the building of a well.
To fulfill its mission, the nonprofit has set up a custom microlending system called WaterCredit. The group partners with financial institutions in developing countries to lend people small amounts of money so they can pay to get water. That might mean buying a faucet and hiring a contractor to tap into water supplies or buying containers to catch rainwater.
Giving people that kind of choice is a good thing, says Annie Feighery, a co-founder of mWater, a digital platform that water nonprofits use to measure the impact of their work. The group has worked with Water.org for four years.
For a long time, charities would try to fix a community's water problem by digging wells and then leaving, she says. But the wells would often malfunction and become contaminated within a year, and they cost a lot to maintain. Today, wells are seen as an "old-fashioned approach that we now call the dig-and-ditch model," she says.
Although in some cases, wells are still a reasonable option. Families who live miles away from a clean drinking water source can take out a loan to pay for the construction of a deep borehole well, which siphons clean water deep in the ground, or a large container to catch and store rainwater. According to the World Health Organization, harvesting rainwater generally provides good quality water.
Is $3 enough to cover those kinds of expenses?
Not exactly.
When someone buys the chalice from Stella Artois, $3 does indeed go to Water.org.
According to Water.org's calculations, that $3 equals five years of clean water for one person in the developing world. To come up with that number, the group counted up the number of people it helped get water from 2014 to 2016 — roughly 3.3 million — and then divided that figure by the sum of the group's organizational costs in the same time period: $42 million. (The data is available in the charity's financial statements on their website.)
And the answer is: $12.50 to give one person access to water.
In this formula, the infrastructure for their water would last about 20 years. Based on these calculations, the $3 from the Stella Artois chalice, says Water.org, would provide five years of clean water.
But that doesn't mean the loans are only $3.
In fact, the average loan taken out by a borrower from local financial institutions, in partnership with Water.org, is about $300.
According to Water.org, 99 percent of the borrowers pay it back. To date, the group says they have given out 2.2 million loans. When people repay the loan, the money gets lent out to others in the community, creating a multiplier effect, says Julie LaGuardia, a spokesperson for Water.org.
"Sometimes in marketing efforts one needs to over-simplify to make reasonable promises to donors, retailers and investors," says John Oldfield, a principal at the Washington, D.C.-based advocacy group Global Water 2020. "But it's a good appropriate claim for the start of the conversation around clean water."
Asked about the discrepancy between the $3 and the $300 figures, Melanie Mendrys, a spokesperson from Water.org, says, "I don't consider that a discrepancy. I know that the $3 does in fact help a woman or a family get access to the money needed to get water or a toilet."
She does not think the ad is misleading. "It's an opportunity for people to learn more and once they do they get really excited," she says. "We just reached ten million people who received water or sanitation from our efforts. We know what we're doing is working and we're excited to reach more."
And specialists do think the loan is a good approach.
"What's novel about WaterCredit is that the loan is being provided for a home improvement," says Jenna Davis, an associate professor in the department of civil and environmental engineering and a senior fellow at the Woods Institute for the Environment at Stanford University. She has looked at the evidence around the Water.org's business model.
A tap or some containers to catch rainwater doesn't sound like much, but it can have a significant impact for low-income families. "In many parts of the developing world, people were paying more for water in a month, for example, buying bottled water, than would be needed to pay a regular monthly bill if they had a piped connection," says Davis. Research has shown that for low-income households, the obstacle to installing the hardware or other connections is the cost, she says.
Wouldn't it be more efficient if Stella Artois just gave a few million to Water.org instead of buying a Super Bowl ad?
That was another question raised on Twitter: Why couldn't Stella just have forked over the money to Water.org?
"It's important to remember that this is a Stella ad just as much, if not more, than a Water.org ad," says Jason Wojciechowski, creative director of Corelab, an agency that runs digital campaigns for nonprofits like Oxfam, Save the Children and Global Witness.
Wojciechowski doubts that a Game Day ad alone would rake in a "ton of money" for the charity. The group would need to combine it with aggressive fundraising and social media campaign efforts over a long period of time.
But he does think the ad will provide another service to the Super Bowl audience: planting the seed that change is possible. "Showing people that they have agency, responsibility and a role to play," he says. "The idea that there's something people can do to end the water crisis."
I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A campaigner who warned officials about fire risks at Grenfell Tower saw his own devastating prediction come true - and was seconds away from death.
Edward Daffarn, 55, was on the sixteenth floor of the 24-storey block of flats when fire ripped through the building last night and confessed at first he thought someone was just burning some toast due to the lack of fire alarms.
Daffarn is part of a campaign group who repeatedly published blogs about their concerns over health and safety risks in the tower block in Kensington, West London.
Today these blogs are being shared widely to show that residents' concerns were not addressed.
In November last year, he wrote: "It is a truly terrifying thought but the Grenfell Action Group firmly believe that only a catastrophic event will expose the ineptitude and incompetence of our landlord, the KCTMO, and bring an end to the dangerous living conditions and neglect of health and safety legislation that they inflict upon their tenants and leaseholders."
Last night, a deadly fire blazed through the building rapidly. Twelve people have been confirmed dead and more than 70 have been treated for injuries in hospital.
Daffarn had a lucky escape and revealed he was seconds away from death, had it not been for the actions of a hero firefighter.
He told BuzzFeed News how he had no idea anything was going on as there was no fire alarm. He heard his neighbour's smoke alarm at about 1am and assumed they were making toast.
Even when neighbours in the hallway shouted "Fire! Fire!" he thought it was a "bit much" for some burnt toast.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Daffarn opened his door and realised what was happening when a "huge lot of smoke" flooded into his flat.
Having been advised to stay inside, he went back into the flat and shut the door.
"About 10 seconds later my friend rang me and said: 'You need to get out of the flat.' He was so urgent I decided I had to leave," he told BuzzFeed.
Scared, he wet a towel in the bathroom and tied it around his face.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I went across the landing to the fire exit but the smoke was so, so strong that I couldn't see anything. Where I thought the door was it wasn't," he said.
"I had a matter of seconds or I was going to die. This fireman came, he was lying on the ground and opened the fire exit. He touched my leg and that was enough. That enabled me to get out."
Daffarn was five floors below floor 21. It is reported that nobody escaped the blaze above these floors.
The cause of the fire is still being investigated, although some experts have pointed out that new cladding added to the building in a recent refurbishment could have helped the fire spread rapidly.
After battering portions of Central America, Tropical Storm Nate is expected to reach the US Gulf Coast this weekend as a hurricane.
The storm already has killed at least 22 people in Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Honduras, where it caused widespread flash flooding and mudslides, officials said.
Nate is forecast to gain force as it approaches the Yucatan Peninsula late Friday and strengthen into a Category 1 hurricane by the time it makes landfall late Saturday or early Sunday along the US Gulf Coast, the National Hurricane Center said.
“It will still be fairly strong when it makes landfall, but it will be a quicker moving storm than the last few we have had,” CNN meteorologist Haley Brink said. “It's supposed to be in and out pretty quickly.”
Parts of the Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama coastlines were under hurricane, storm surge and tropical storm watches Friday. The storm could drop 3 to 6 inches of rain, with 12 inches possible in some areas, the hurricane center said.
TRACK TROPICAL STORM NATE
Nate had maximum sustained winds of near 45 mph Friday morning and was moving north-northwest at 14 mph.
New Orleans vulnerable, Florida prepares
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu declared a state of emergency for his city on Thursday and advised residents to stay put over the weekend.
“There is no need to panic. Be ready and prepare. Get a plan. Prepare to protect your personal property,” Landrieu tweeted.
The city's unique drainage system has recently experienced critical deficiencies. Several drainage pumps failed during heavy rainstorms in August, leading to the flooding of several hundred properties. Of the city's 120 main drainage pumps, three major and nine smaller ones were offline Thursday, city records show.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards authorized 1,300 National Guard troops to mobilize ahead of the storm, and some will be in New Orleans to help the city monitor the pumps, he said.
Though no weather warnings had been issued for Florida, the state's western panhandle could be impacted by Nate's wind, storm surge and heavy rainfall, the hurricane center said.
With some parts of Florida still reeling from Hurricane Irma, Gov. Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for 29 counties and encouraged residents to get prepared in case Nate's forecast track changes. Evacuations could be called, he added.
“Just think about your family: Get your three days of water, three days of food; if you're taking medicine, make sure you have your medicine,” Scott said Thursday during news conference.
Deadly storm
At least 22 people were killed and several people reported missing as the storm hit Central America, officials said.
Hundreds were rescued from floodwaters, and many had lost power and running water in Nicaragua, Honduras and Costa Rica, officials said.
The main threat for Central America was heavy rainfall, which triggered life-threatening flash flooding and mudslides.
Costa Rica President Luis Guillermo Solis declared a national state of emergency to assist those affected by the storm.
Rain will continue to fall through Friday night in parts of Nicaragua, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Belize, forecasters said.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Revenge is a dish best served cold - and it looks very chilly on a Friday evening in Liverpool.
Luckily Liverpool is in the mood to make amends this season. After being trounced 5-0 by Manchester City in September they repaid the favour by ending Pep Guardiola's unbeaten run with a 4-3 reverse back at Anfield.
And now for the next opportunity to right a wrong.
After being trounced 4-1 by Spurs at Wembley - a game Dejan Lovren would like to forget - they now have a chance to make things better against the North Londonders at Anfield on Sunday afternoon.
While some Premier League training grounds were a hive of activity on transfer deadline day, at Liverpool it was very much business as usual.
With no new arrivals it's left to the current squad to make amends.
And from the looks of these training pictures, they're hungry to do just that.
Which leads us to our first point...
1. Wish you were as fat as Virgil van Dijk?
(Image: Liverpool FC)
It's Jamie Carragher's job as a pundit to show us mere footballing mortals something we might not have noticed.
In this case, Virgil van Dijk's a little on the porky side.
And while Carra knows a little something about being a centre-half, Jurgen Klopp certainly disagrees his new Dutchman is carrying the pounds.
He may wear a loose fitting training top, but it hardly looks like the former Southampton man is too heavy.
While the camera may be slimming, he's doing his best to stretch it all out at Melwood.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
2. Lovren looks hungry for some revenge
(Image: Liverpool FC)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Okay, maybe not as hungry as Virgil van Dijk (the food-based analogies end here).
But Lovren was given a torrid time against Harry Kane at Wembley.
At the time the Croatian was guilty of wanting to dominant the man rather that carrying out the basics of defending.
He's the defender most under threat from the arrival of Van Dijk, and he'd love to put things right against tormentor-in-chief Kane.
3. Firmino's the joker in the pack - again
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Another day training - another picture of Firmino with a smile on his face.
The Brazilian is infectious - and in a good way. Here he and Lovren share a smile, and we reckon it's probably not the big Croat reminding him of his Spurs performance last time around.
But why shouldn't he be smiling?
He netted his 19th of the season against Huddersfield at is vital to how the Reds play at the moment. The first name on the team-sheet with the smile to prove it.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
4. Can's a picture of (solitary) concentration
(Image: Liverpool FC)
It's a well-known secret that Emre Can is heading for the door.
However he's still a key part of the Anfield engine room before his likely move to Juventus. However he wasn't laughing and a joking a la Bobby Firmino in this training session.
In all the snaps we saw the German looked a picture of concentration.
Solitary concentration.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
5. What, me jealous?
(Image: Liverpool FC)
Sadio Mane certainly strutted his stuff at this training session.
The season may not have been vintage from the Senegalese - with some suggesting he's a little jealous of Mo Salah.
Sadio, jealous? Look at the strong pose, the serious demeanour, he's the Mane man.
He's so confident, he even has time to spend a little time with the cameraman. Let's hope that guy didn't say: "Oi, Sadio, get me Salah's autograph please."
(Image: Liverpool FC)
6. Skills to pay the bills
(Image: Liverpool FC)
(Image: Liverpool FC)
What haven't we said about Mo Salah this season?
Sometimes you just have to let the football to the talking. Look at these training pics.
Grace, skill, poise, power - the Egyptian's got the lot.
We've no idea where this shot ended up - but due to the fact that he simply can't miss this season, let's just say it nestled in the bottom corner of the net.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
7. Woodburn's ready to answer the call
(Image: Liverpool FC)
We've already alluded to a lack of transfer incomings at Anfield over the window.
Van Dijk apart, it was better summed up by who left. And all that may play into the hands of this man.
Liverpool's youngest ever scorer Ben Woodburn has been patiently waiting his chance - not being allowed to leave on loan to link up with his former Wales boss Chris Coleman at Sunderland.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
And with Phillipe Coutinho and Daniel Sturridge now departed, Woodburn could get the call he's craving to continue his Anfield developement.
He's certainly showing he's got the concentration for it here.
Look, not a flicker of frivolity on the young man's face.
Cook County commissioners have reached a deal to repeal the controversial sweetened beverage tax.Cook County Commissioner Sean Morrison announced Friday that he and 11 colleagues have reached an agreement to end the tax, giving them enough to override a veto by Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle. They say a vote on the deal will be held on Tuesday and if it is passed, the tax will end on December 1.Preckwinkle has said repealing the tax would lead to big cuts in the budget.A spokesman for Preckwinkle released a statement saying, "President Preckwinkle mapped out for commissioners yesterday the two divergent paths they face for FY 18. The Finance Committee vote is Tuesday and final Board action would not come until Wednesday. We'll withhold any further comment until that time."The news of the repeal comes a day after Commissioner John Daley said he no longer supports the tax "I would like to thank my colleagues for working together so diligently to come to an agreement on such an important issue to our constituents and to Cook County. It has not been easy task but in the end, we have reached an agreement that will address the concerns of our residents and businesses and set forth a goal to chart a new fiscal course for Cook County," said Commissioner Morrison.Commissioners who have signed onto the amendment are: Sean Morrison, Richard Boykin, John A. Fritchey, Timothy O. Schneider, Jeffrey R. Tobolski, Peter N. Silvestri, Bridget Gainer, Gregg Goslin, John P. Daley, Jesus G. Garcia, Stanley Moore and Dennis Deer.The tax went into effect in August after being postponed a month for a judge to review a lawsuit against it. The penny-per-ounce tax applies to any fountain or bottled drink that has sugar or artificial sweeteners added to it. Those drinks can include anything from soda to energy drinks to iced tea.
The Carl Junction girl's basketball team is off to another hot start this season.
The Bulldogs are 7-0 and enter this week at #5 in the MBCA class 4 state rankings.
Over the weekend, Carl Junction won the Joplin Lady Eagle Classic, beating Blue Valley North 39-25. It's their second tournament win this season. They also won the CJ Classic a couple weeks ago.
The Bulldogs have four non-conference games before to enter COC-Large play against Republic on January 8th. Their next game will be on Tuesday 12/12 at home with an interstate matchup against Frontenac.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Just 16 robbers, thugs and thieves were banged up in Cambridge out of nearly 6,000 crimes reported to police in a year.
The data comes from police.uk and covers 15 different types of crime in Cambridge city.
The crimes covered are anti-social behaviour, bike theft, burglary, criminal damage, arson, drugs, weapons, public order, robbery, shoplifting, vehicle crime, theft from a person and violence and sex offences as well as ‘other crime'.
For these crimes, 5,922 cases were reported between August last year and July this year - but only 16 offenders were jailed.
Cambridgeshire police are under immense pressure dealing with budget cuts and rising crime.
Last week they failed to respond to 999 calls when taxi drivers in Cambridge were being attacked.
Now shock data reveals that between August last year and July this year a total of 3,489 crimes reported to the police in Cambridge city were filed - or ‘no-crimed'.
Of the filed crimes, 2,394 investigations were ditched because a suspect was not identified and 1,000 because there was a lack of evidence to prosecute the suspect.
Police pointed out that if you look at all crime categories and Cambridgeshire as a whole, a total of 438 cases were taken to court in August alone this year. Of these, 372 saw convictions - but these numbers don't tell us how many of the offenders convicted were jailed.
A Cambridgeshire police spokeswoman said: “Nationally 6,851 offences were taken to courts in England in August 2017. Cambridgeshire had 366 cases in magistrates' courts, of which 85.2 per cent saw convictions and 72 cases went to Crown Court of which 83.8 per cent were convicted.
“In terms of looking at why not all of them make it to court, there are many reasons. Some cases do not get authorisation of a charge from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and therefore never make it to court, some result in no further action being taken due to lack of evidence, others are settled out of court and some are dealt with by way of restorative justice.
“In terms of looking at how many result in a prison sentence, this is out of our hands and is down to magistrates and judges who follow strict sentencing guidance, therefore we cannot comment.”
What does it mean to be a Southerner? Is it simply a matter of birth, a special strain of pride, or is there more to this contentious identity that we've yet to understand? Famed Southern author Flannery O'Connor once said that "Whenever I'm asked why Southern writers particularly have a penchant for writing about freaks, I say it is because we are still able to recognize one." The question that seems to remain is whether, with the massive influx of new faces every day into the region, Southerners will be able to recognize themselves.
Hoping to detail the current state of the Southern identity, Gibbs Knotts, chairman of the political science department at the College of Charleston, and co-author Chris Cooper of Western Carolina University have written a new book examining what being from the South means to those in the region. In writing The Resilience of Southern Identity: Why the South Still Matters in the Minds of Its People, the two political scientists looked into decades of survey data and conducted focus group studies to determine not only the current state of the Southern identity across different demographics, but also conducted focus group studies to see what characteristics and ideals individuals associate with Southern culture.
"We sensed that though there are all these changes in the region — people are moving here in record numbers and there's suburbanization and urbanization — people still would connect with the South," says Knotts. "We sort of felt that Southern identity remains strong when a lot of things would lead you to predict that regional identity wouldn't matter anymore."
Growing up in Atlanta, Knotts admits that he always had a tenuous relationship with his own identity as a Southerner. Associating the South with big trucks, large belt buckles, Country music, and racially conservative attitudes among white people, he sought to shed his Southern accent and move as far away from the identity as possible. It was while attending college at the University of North Carolina that he first became aware that there was more to being from the South than he had previously considered.
"I realized it was more nuanced and complex, and that with all the bad, there was also a lot of good. In some ways, Southerners had a passion, a uniqueness, that really fascinated me," he says. "It was then that I considered that maybe I was thinking about the region in the wrong way. It didn't mean that the reasons that I was turned off weren't necessarily good reasons to be turned off, but it started a lifelong quest to try to figure out what's going on down here and what makes the South unique. Is that going to last or fade?"
In their efforts to articulate what the modern South is all about, Knotts and Cooper set out to answer a few major questions: How resilient is the Southern identity? What types of people identify with the South? And what do people from across different backgrounds, races, and environments connect to their Southern roots?
click to enlarge Provided
The book uses four personalities to begin identifying the overarching aspects of Southern culture: celebrity chef Paula Deen, Congressman James Clyburn, former United States Poet Laureate Natasha Trethewey, and musician and cofounder of Drive-By Truckers Patterson Hood. By considering what each of these individuals embodies about the South, the authors are able to frame the discussion in a way that readers can relate and connect.
"You've got old and young, black and white, and they are basically all connecting to the region. They've made their Southern identity very much a part of who they are ... But how common are these people? What's the state across the South?" asks Knotts. "We found that 75 percent of people living in the South answered that they do consider themselves to be a Southerner. That's been pretty consistent over the past several decades."
In an effort to better understand what respondents consider when they self-identify as a Southerner, Knotts and Cooper gathered four focus groups — two consisting of African Americans, two consisting of white participants — and questioned each group about what being a part of the South means to them. Across racial groups, things like a connection to the land, food, the importance of family, and manners were common aspects of identity that draw black and white Southerners together. But while Knotts says more African Americans currently identify as Southerners than in previous decades, there remain aspects of Southern culture that prove divisive.
"We don't want to gloss over the pretty key differences. The way our focus groups participants talked about politics, the Civil War, the Confederate flag, monuments — there were still some stark racial differences," says Knotts, who adds that he and his co-author did not set out to write a "pro-South book," instead aiming to highlight both the good and bad of the region.
Touching on what he describes as the "dark side of the Southern identity," Knotts and Cooper touch on the disturbing white regional identity that led Dylann Roof to murder nine African-American parishioners in Emanuel AME Church, as well as how the Southern identity has factored into segregation and the Jim Crow era.
"We believe that there is a way to have a more inclusive regional identity. I certainly hope that we don't go back to a time where being a Southerner is just something that whites in the South connect to," says Knotts.
In terms of future points of study that Knotts believes should be considered, he says that consideration should be given to how the region's rapidly growing Latino population could effect the perception of the Southern identity. Although it is impossible to say what being a Southerner could mean in 50 or 100 years, The Resilience of Southern Identity: Why the South Still Matters in the Minds of Its People serves to define the current state of Southern culture.
"We can say with a strong confidence, in 2017, that there is a surprisingly strong connection to the region," says Knotts. "What it means to be a Southerner has changed some. It has become more inclusive, but it's still resilient nonetheless."
PARIS — A young American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old — and eventual tournament champion — Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros. The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; he won the point the first time, but not the other.
"I would never try it if I was feeling 100 per cent and stuff," said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in his legs. "But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, 'You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' He obviously wasn't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point."
Donaldson said he has never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. He did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; he remains the youngest man to win a major singles championship.
Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging his shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
"It was beautiful, right?" Dimitrov said. "He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard."
Before his first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. He hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semifinalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
By The Associated Press
MIAMI (AP) — Gloria Estefan says her mother, Gloria Fajardo, has died at age 88.
The Grammy Award-winning singer announced the death on her Instagram account Wednesday.
Estefan says her mother died Tuesday. She didn't give a cause of death, but in previous Instagram posts, family members said Fajardo had been in the hospital for more than a month.
Fajardo was a Cuban teacher who fled with her husband to the United States in 1959 and settled in Miami when Fidel Castro rose to power and Estefan was only a toddler.
Advertisement
Fajardo received a standing ovation at one of her last public appearances, the February debut concert of Gloria Estefan's daughter.
In addition to Estefan, Fajardo is survived by a second daughter, Estefan's two children, and Estefan's grandson.
AMMAN — Jordan has ranked 2nd country in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region and 42nd worldwide in the 2017-2018 Rule of Law Index recently issued by the World Justice Project (WJP), which assesses the adherence to the rule of law of a total of 113 countries around the world based on over 110,000 households and 3,000 expert surveys.
The performance of each country was measured using 44 indicators across eight primary factors, including constraints on government powers, absence of corruption, open government, fundamental rights, order and security, regulatory enforcement, civil justice and criminal justice.
The Kingdom was grouped among those countries showing improvements in their adherence to the rule of law, and performed the best in the criminal justice category standing at the 27th position worldwide, followed by regulatory enforcement (31st) and absence of corruption (32nd).
However, Jordan´s median score was lowered by the country's performance on the open government and fundamental
rights categories, where the Kingdom ranked 79th and 76th respectively.
Linda Al Kalash, director of the Tamkeen Centre for Legal Aid and Human Rights, told The Jordan Times that “it is true that Jordan is improving its performance in the rule of law”. However, the expert called for more attention to migrant workers in the domestic and the agricultural field by ensuring them fair trial in case they are prosecuted for any reason.
For his part, human rights researcher Sulaiman Sweis agreed that Jordan is not a police state, but more work is still required to render it a full fledged civil state, where there is complete harmony between the constitutional provisions, the laws based on them and the practice of the law in everyday life.
At a regional level, the UAE was the top performer across the MENA region standing at the 32nd worldwide position, while Jordan was closely followed by Tunisia (54th), Morocco (67th) and Iran (80th).
However, both Morocco and the UAE showed statistically significant decreases in their scores due to their performance in absence of corruption, while Iran climbed six positions as compared to the prior ranking.
Regarding the global picture, the great majority of countries worldwide saw their scores decline since the publication of the last Rule of Law Index in October 2016 in the areas of human rights, checks on government powers, and civil and criminal justice.
“Effective rule of law is the foundation for communities of equity, opportunity and peace, but no country has achieved a perfect realisation of the rule of law,” WJP founder and CEO William Neukom said, noting that “the Rule of Law Index is intended to be a first step in setting benchmarks, informing reforms, stimulating programmes, and deepening appreciation and understanding for the foundational importance of the rule of law”.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The TOWIE Christmas special looks set to be a cracker as James 'Arg' Argent makes a heartfelt speech - with a shocking declaration to Gemma Collins.
The pair have had their fare share of break ups, make ups, and bed hopping, but is Arg finally ready to commit to the GC?
In The Only Way Is Essexmas, which airs this weekend, everyone gets into the festive spirit and romance seems to be on the cards.
Bobby gives his pal Gemma a good grilling over her recent all nighter with Arg, but she is adamant that they are just friends.
However, Bobby refuses to believe their relationship is purely platonic and wonders how truthful Gemma is being about the situation.
He then decides to get some answers from Arg, but will he spill the beans?
Arg turns 30 and there is a surprise appearance from Gemma at his lavish birthday party.
Dressing up as Father Christmas, Arg gets up on stage and grabs the microphone to make a heartfelt speech.
He goes to thank one Essex resident in particular, which causes Chloe Simms to get teary, but who is he talking about?
Is Arg actually going to confess his love for Gemma?
Elsewhere, Chloe S and Pete get their friendship back on track after putting their past rows behind them.
But things are getting frosty for best friends Courtney and Chloe M as she reveals Myles is moving in to her family home.
She is gutted to hear from Chloe M, Chris and Amber that Myles is not thrilled by the prospect.
He gets word that Courtney has been told about his trepidation and accuses the trio of stirring the pot in a heated confrontation.
Lauren Pope, Dan Edgar and Chloe Sims were on hand to dish about the hotly-anticipated end-of-year special, as they chatted with Build TV in front of a live audience.
Glammed up to the nines, long-term cast member Lauren said there will be "Drama, as always, and a little bit of a love story..."
Watch it below:
However, when grilled about who was involved in the story, the cast was tight-lipped, with Lauren joking "it's the three of us", while both Dan and Chloe denied any of them were involved.
But Chloe added: "[It's] two people that everyone loves."
Instantly, it's assumed James 'Arg' Argent will reunite with former lover Gemma Collins.
Dan added: "They do have a lot of chemistry...I don't think its a bad thing."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Towie's Gemma Collins enrages 'the whole of Gloucester' after failing to show for pub launch Personal Appearance
Another major storyline of the series was the turbulent relationship of Pete Wicks and Megan McKenna - the two dating and dramatically splitting recently on the show.
The three cast-members addressed Pete's relationship with the reality star-turned-singer, as his close friend Chloe added it was a negative time on the show while they dealt with the couple's drama as filming continued.
(Image: Splash News)
However, since Megan's departure - as she goes on to great success with her country music career - filming the Christmas special seemed to be easier for the crew.
Chloe said: "She's gone and literally everybody got on, there was a little bit of drama, but everyone had the best time filming that Christmas special in Suffolk."
(Image: ITV)
Filmed "a couple of weeks ago", there's been several rumours about what goes down in TOWIE-town, with Chloe herself being linked to both Dan and Pete in behind-the-scenes snaps from the set (however the latter has been denied by his reps) - guess we'll have to tune in to find out the rest.
**The Only Way Is Essexmas is on Sunday 27th December at 10pm on ITVBe
If Washington-based politicians are stupid/cruel enough to cause or allow a government shutdown just days before Christmas, there will be lots more losers than winners.
If the 2017 fiasco follows the pattern of ghosts of shutdowns past, hundreds of thousands of workers will be sent home yet get paid. But scores of communities whose economies are based on government or military operations will take a big hit at a critical time of year. Friday's column talked about the ripple effect of a shutdown and asked feds what it would mean to them. Here's what we got:
“I read your article about a possible shutdown. As you are most likely aware there are a lot of misconceptions of what a federal employee receives and does not receive while employed within the U.S. government umbrella. I have been a U.S. government employee since Jan. 14, 1987. Prior to this date I was in the U.S. Army with an enlistment date or Jan. 17, 1982. I am currently still an active federal employee working full-time every day serving my country. I would like to say that no matter what the political environment is at the present time the majority of us are not here for any of that. We do not make policy, we just enforce what the politicians enact into law. I have worked through the years with so many dedicated and unselfish hardworking people who try very hard to make a difference every day for the people of this country. I too am one of the many who work very hard to make a difference and sacrifice so much including family to have a belief that we are all doing this for a purpose.
“There are a lot of federal employees who believe in what we are doing is making a difference but this is getting more and more difficult with the political machine tearing apart federal compensation and benefits for years. We all have made so many sacrifices throughout our careers financially to continue what we all believe is worth fighting for which is freedom and justice.
“In your article today, you wrote about the furlough and what possible damage could it cause to all of us. For some reason, mainstream USA do not feel for whatever reason that hardworking federal employees are not human beings with families and responsibilities. Federal employees are bound to maintain public trust and keep your financial matters in check so that you can maintain certain levels of security clearances. When these furloughs occur, there is such a burden placed on all of us when we are furloughed that we all have to continue to pay mortgages, car payments, education, etc. None of these stops because of the political climate. As you are aware and you briefly mention it in your article, members of Congress are keepers of the U.S. Constitution and not federal employees. Anytime a furlough is enacted, the members of Congress continue to receive their pay unless they elect individually or as a collective body not to receive their pay. Many federal employees, including myself, have experienced several furloughs through our careers. We all have to begin the process of rearranging finances and use what we have in savings (if any) to pay for your obligations.
“Federal employees make sacrifices like so many American citizens make every day to care for their families. There is a huge disconnect with the public that there is a belief that federal employees are handed free benefits and are paid so well that we live on easy street. I can tell you as I write this that this is so far from the truth. Yes, there is an group of employees that do make a good salary, but there is also a large group that does not.
“I signed onto federal employment not to become rich but to serve the people and have a job I could be proud of to myself and to my family. I, like many, have served our country proudly and have made sacrifices in the hope that the preservation of the Constitution lives on.
“I have worked and continue to work with a group of people who continue to protect life and limb and make sacrifices every day unselfishly with the risk of never coming home again. The American citizen needs to know that there are many of us serving our country proudly daily and not asking for anything in return. We do this because we love what we do, not because of any other reason. There is nothing we can do if a furlough is enacted, but we will have to work regardless of being paid. Many federal employees make these sacrifices year after year, with pay or without pay does not matter to us.
“The American people need to know that many of us do not live on easy street, as we, like the public, pay for health insurance, taxes, Medicare, SSI, etc. None of this is free to any of us. Why the American public thinks that federal employees receive benefits for free is beyond most of us.
“Furloughs change a lot of financial structure for most federal employees and sacrifice economically until the disputes between parties are agreed upon. The American people sacrifice as well when their benefits are stopped and their money is no longer coming in monthly. Any furlough is never good for the hardworking American of the U.S.
“Teddy Roosevelt once said: ‘Nothing in this world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty.'” —Dedicated Servant of the People,
“When federal employees are facing the uncertainty of a potential shutdown at year end, I expect it can have a significant negative impact on contributions to charity via the Combined Federal Campaign.
“Aside from shutdown, there are huge inefficiencies introduced into operations from continuing resolutions. When funding occurs two weeks at a time, all of the processing for financial activities gets doubled — invoices, receipt and acceptance, transaction processing — and none of this extra effort adds any value.” — Geoffrey A Rhine (Geoff)
Husband accused of strangling wife while she was breastfeeding.
GFPD responded to a report of a domestic assault on December 8th at a trailer park in Great Falls. When police arrived, they made contact with the victim who told them she was in bed breastfeeding her child when her husband, John Kovach, got on top of her and strangled her. The police report states the victim described how Kovach placed both hands around her neck and squeezed for almost two minutes. She complained of neck and shoulder pain and said her throat hurt when she swallowed or talked.
A five-year-old boy told officers he didn't see Kovach strangle the victim, but heard the victim screaming and say "stop choking me!" When officers contacted Kovach, he denied anything happened beyond a verbal argument.
Charging documents state Kovach has two prior charges for violations of a valid court order. He is now being charged with Strangulation of a Partner or Family Member. The State has requested his bond be set in the amount of $10,000.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 16-year-old girl vowed to "go out with a bang in Year 11" before almost stabbing a welfare officer to death has been jailed for seven years .
Elisha Burkill attacked Joy Simon, 61, in an office at Winterton Community Academy, near Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, in September last year.
The court heard Burkill "probably would have killed" Mrs Simon if she had not been restrained.
Mrs Simon lost almost a third of her blood in the attack and had originally thought Burkill was coming into her office to give her a hug.
(Image: SWNS)
Judge Jeremy Richardson QC, sitting at Hull Crown Court , told the teenager : "It was plainly premeditated.
"I have no doubt that if you had not been restrained ... you would have, in all likelihood, killed Mrs Simon. You very nearly did."
He said Burkill had hatched “a devious and determined plan” to attack Mrs Simon after deleting texts and social media content to “cover her tracks and hamper the police investigation”.
The judge heard how Burkill came "flying" into Mrs Simon's office on September 25 and stabbed her a number of times, repeatedly slamming the door as the support worker tried to escape.
He also heard how the attack came as a complete shock to the school and the teenager's family, as Burkill was seen as a model, high-achieving pupil.
(Image: PA)
But Burkill was suffering from a serious depressive illness, which she had hidden from her family.
Hull Crown Court was told a police search of the schoolgirl's belongings after her arrest showed she was a ticking timebomb.
One chilling message read: “I'm not scared about giving up anymore. It's already happened. Giving up is an opportunity and now I will take it. Take. Take. Take.”
Another chilling note read she wanted “to go out with a bang in Year 11”.
The disturbed teenager's “dark thoughts” were only discovered after she repeatedly lunged at 61-year-old exclusion officer Joy Simon with a three inch kitchen knife.
The "kindly and caring” mother-of-two had been alone in her office at Winterton Community Academy when the teenager burst in and flew at her across the desk.
Ironically, her victim “thought she was going to give her a hug.”
Mrs Simon thought this was inappropriate so moved back. She then felt herself being stabbed in the right upper shoulder as the girl continued to slash at her.
(Image: Benjamin Paul/SWNS.com)
(Image: PA)
Mrs Simon grabbed the office door handle to try to get out. But her attacker kept shutting the door.
Mrs Simon's screams for help were heard by colleagues who burst into the room and managed to part the two of them and kick away the dropped knife.
The keen runner who completed five London Marathons suffered “life-threatening injuries” and lost 29 per cent of her blood.
She has been scarred for life and left in constant discomfort from her slashed left cheek.
Mitigating via video link from the Old Bailey, Diana Ellis QC said the attack happened two days after the teenager's 16th birthday.
(Image: SWNS)
(Image: PA)
She continued: “The knowledge of what she did will remain with her to haunt her.
“As Mrs Simon's life has been disrupted so has that of the defendant and her family who have been left shocked and stunned by the events of that day.
“The injuries were quite horrific and will have a degree of permanence.”
Burkill was described as “something of a loner” whose isolation was increased when the few friends she had moved away or went on to higher education.
Miss Ellis said her true feelings were revealed in the notes she handwrote to herself in her room, often at 5am when she was unable to sleep.
Written in the months preceding the attack “they included a song she composed which we feel reflects some of her feelings,” Miss Ellis continued.
“It is probably sufficient to note that what they contain are repeated references to sadness, her misery and feelings of fear. She feared returning to school.”
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
She took a dislike to Mrs Simon because she felt she was someone who should be helping her.
Miss Ellis begged for the girl to be released before she turns 18 and enters the adult prison system.
She added: “Her actions in that day were acts of desperation.
“She was in a state of numbness. Those who saw her will describe someone without words and emotions in the time afterwards.”
But the judge was concerned at the teenager's “chameleon-like” personality and the “sheer unpredictability” of her behaviour.
Because of her unhappiness and self-harming “a level of fury could arise along the lines of the fury that arose with regard to Mrs Simon,” he said.
The teenager pleaded guilty to wounding with intent and carrying a bladed weapon on September 25 after denying charge of attempted murder - which was dropped.
Mrs Simon sat in the public gallery with her back to the defendant with her arms folder and lips pursed during the mitigation.
The judge banned the publication of any pictures of Burkill or her family.
After serving her sentence Burkill will then spend five years released under licence and will be 28 before she is free of the sentence.
The teenager showed no emotion as she was sentenced.
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome No votes yet
Lion Forge have brought a new dark fantasy for young readers to North America with the English edition of The Little Red Wolf, written and illustrated Amelie Flechais. As edited and translated by Andrea Colvin, it goes like this: “A young wolf, on a journey to bring his grandmother a rabbit, is charmed by the nice little girl who offers to help him… but nice is not the same as good. A haunting fairy tale for children and adults alike.” It's available now in hardcover.
Save
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Arrest made in portable toilet death | 0:32 Wilmington police say they have arrested and charged a Wilmington man in the stabbing death of a 31-year-old woman found in a park porta-potty earlier this week. William Bretzger/The News Journal 1 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Wilmington bank robbery suspect quickly apprehended | 0:28 Wilmington police quickly caught a person in connection to an armed robbery Monday afternoon in Wilmington. 10/3/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 2 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Fire set to Middletown home while family slept | 0:28 Two adults and five children were able to escape a Middletown house fire that was intentionally set Monday morning. 10/3/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 3 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Woman found stabbed to death inside park toilet | 0:24 A woman was found stabbed to death inside a portable toilet at Wilmington park Sunday morning. 10/02/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 4 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Woman stabbed in attempted carjacking in ShopRite parking lot | 0:43 A man was arrested for stabbing a 32-year-old woman in an attempted carjacking at a ShopRite in south Wilmington Wednesday evening. 9/28/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 5 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Newark murder suspect hospitalized after suicide attempt | 0:32 A suspect in Newark's first murder since 2014 is in a New York City hospital after an apparent suicide attempt. 9/25/17 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 6 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Man arrested after attempting to kidnap children from day care | 0:46 A 47-year-old man faces charges he pushed and punched his way through a Christiana-area day care center in an attempt to kidnap two infants Friday morning, state police said. John J. Jankowski Jr./Special to The News Journal 7 of 7 Last VideoNext Video Arrest made in portable toilet death
Wilmington bank robbery suspect quickly apprehended
Fire set to Middletown home while family slept
Woman found stabbed to death inside park toilet
Woman stabbed in attempted carjacking in ShopRite parking lot
Newark murder suspect hospitalized after suicide attempt
Man arrested after attempting to kidnap children from day care
A New Castle County Police officer has been charged with assault following an altercation. (Photo: Alex_Schmidt, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
A New Castle County police officer has been charged with assault following an altercation.
Police gave almost no details Friday night about the altercation and did not release the charged officer's name.
The few details provided by Master Cpl. Michel Eckerd, a police spokesman, were that county officers were notified on Friday of an off-duty altercation involving a five-year veteran of the department.
"A criminal investigation was conducted and after consultation with the Attorney General's Office, the officer has been charged with Assault 3rd degree (misdemeanor)," Eckerd said in a statement. "Per policy, the officer has been placed on administrative leave with pay as an internal investigation is conducted."
The officer was arraigned and released on $1,000 unsecured bail pending a court appearance, Eckerd said.
No further information was provided.
STORY: Dover police: Shoplifting suspect died in custody 2 weeks ago
STORY: First responders honored as 'signs of hope' at annual Blue Mass
Contact Esteban Parra at (302) 324-2299, eparra@delawareonline.com or Twitter @eparra3.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/10/06/new-castle-county-police-officer-charged-assault/741671001/
SPORTS DECEMBER 11, 2017
A former Mt. Pleasant Panther caught a touchdown pass in the NFL yesterday. It was Leonard Wester, offensive tackle for Tampa Bay in their game against Detroit. That's right Leonard lined up as an eligible receiver and then caught a 2 yard scoring pass…..it happens to be his first NFL touchdown, and Tampa Bay lost the game 24-21.
The Mt. Pleasant varsity wrestling team had a 3-1 record Saturday at the Grinnell High School duals. The Panthers won 39-24 over East Marshall, beat ADM 60-21, M.P. downed Grinnell 33-31. Wilton defeated the Panthers 37-27. Corbin Broeker won all four of his matches two of them by fall and another by major decision, James DeMeyer won three matches all by fall. Dalton Bass won by fall twice and had a decision. Brennan Bender won twice by fall.
JV wrestlers were at the Keokuk. Mai Hoang won 2 and lost 1 match and got 2nd place. Oscar Lopez placed 4th, Samuel Carrasco got 4th place.
The MPHS boy's basketball team dropped their 1st road game of the season at Dubuque Hempstead Saturday by a score of 58-50. Colin Mulford and Jordon Magnani each scored 13 points. Hempsted won the JV game also 67-42, Keegan Kohorst scored 12 points for the Panthers. The Panther boys go to Ft. Madison Friday.
The MPHS boy's freshman basketball team fell to Keokuk in Panther Gymnasium 49-40. MP had the lead at halftime but couldn't hang on. Brevin Wilson led the Panther scoring with 13 points. The freshman boys will play at Ft. Madison Friday.
The Iowa Wesleyan women's basketball team returned to action this Saturday afternoon with a non-conference game at Central College and suffered an 81-64 loss to the Dutch.
Three Tigers reached double figures in the loss. Darby Massner was one rebound short of a double-double with 18 points and nine rebounds. Allie Massner added 15 points and three rebounds, while Josie Zerrusen had 12 points in the loss.
Iowa Wesleyan will be back at home on Wednesday, December 13th when they host Greenville University at 6 pm. The Tigers are 0-9 on the season and 0-1 in conference play.
Iowa Wesleyan University men hosted Greenville University in a St. Louis Intercollegiate Athletic Conference Saturday afternoon. A couple of Tigers had double-doubles with both Brock Butler (SR/Palmyra, MO) and Jarryd Fernandes (FR/Rozelle, NSW, Australia), and the Tigers fell 126-112 to Greenville. Brock Butler led all scorers with 39 points and 10 rebounds. Butler also added five assists for the Tigers. Jarryd Fernandes helped spark the Tiger comeback in the second half and finished the game with 29 points and 13 rebounds. He had a team high six offensive rebounds and added three steals in the loss. Iowa Wesleyan will have a week off before they are back in action. They will play next on Saturday, December 16th when they travel to Carlinville, Illinois to take on the Beavers of Blackburn. The men's junior varsity team will play on tonight at 7 pm. Iowa Wesleyan is now 0-9 on the season and 0-3 in SLIAC play.
The Mt. Pleasant middle School 7th grade boy's basketball team is sponsoring a Coaches Against Cancer game on Tuesday December 12th when they host Keokuk at 4:30 pm. The team and coaches will be taking donations and urge everyone to wear white tennis shoes to the game. All funds collected will go to a local family Michah and Melissa Shull, Micah is in a health battle and the monies will be used to help defray some of the large medical expenses they're having to pay for treatment. Please come and cheer on the Panthers and help out a family in need…..make sure you wear your white tennis shoes!
The average household in Niagara Falls will see their property taxes increase by $55.15 this year, or 1.79 per cent.
That's below the rate of inflation, said city finance director Todd Harrison.
He said the city's net levy increase is 0.97 per cent, “the lowest we've had in this term of council” and the third lowest in a decade.
“I'm impressed with this budget,” said Mayor Jim Diodati.
“It does a bit of everything.”
On Tuesday evening, staff presented a revised 2017 operating budget that included $401,000 in cuts to the initial draft budget presented to council Jan. 24.
Council approved the revised budget.
Cuts were made to employee benefits ($120,000), fuel in the transit department ($102,000) and the realignment of storm sewer costs to the utility budget ($179,000).
Politicians approved $130,644,092 in operating expenses, $615,800 more than expected revenues this year.
When council got its first look at the preliminary operating budget, expenses were proposed to be $131,045,092, $1,016,800 more than projected revenues.
Harrison said staff went back and made some reductions to bring the budget difference, and the tax increase, down.
He said the operating budget maintains core service levels.
It also includes enhanced services tied to council's strategic priorities for culture, cemeteries, preventative maintenance, transit and parks/streets maintenance.
Harrison said the city continues to see a decline in its debt.
In 2014, the debt was $62.4 million. By 2018, the debt is expected to sit at $49.9 million.
He said the city's debt to own source revenue is around five per cent, one of the lowest in Ontario. The provincial limit is 25 per cent.
A significant hike in operating spending this year is proposed for transportation services.
Transit services staff propose moving toward hour-peak service on all conventional routes; eliminating the Wego purple line; adjusting peak-hour service level on the Wego blue line; elimination of bidirectional transfers; establishing a customer-service hub at Dorchester Road/Morrison Street; conventional service-fare adjustment and establishing external lunch facilities at various locations; and extra Sunday service hours to the Chair-A-Van specialized service based on demand.
Staff said implementing phase three of the city's transit improvement plan will provide morning and afternoon peak half-hour service to four additional daytime routes.
That would bring the number of routes having peak-hour service to eight (53 per cent).
Following this implementation, there will be two phases remaining to provide 100 per cent daytime peak-hour service system wide.
Plans beyond phase five will be implemented based on ridership, according to staff.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
Follow @RaySpiteri
Patti Kim Gill and Erica Watson sit down with ABC7's Cheryl Burton to discuss their new movie "BlacKorea," based on Kim Gill's life,which debuts at the Vermont International Film Festival in October.
Johannesburg - Deputy President David Mabuza arrives in the Kenyan capital Nairobi on Thursday on a working visit and to attend the Madaraka Day (Freedom Day) celebrations, marking the day when Kenya gained independence from Britain in 1963.
South Africa and Kenya enjoy strong bilateral relations, with the two countries' heads of state meeting on the margins of various international and multilateral engagements to discuss matters of mutual interest. South Africa also undertook a state visit to Kenya in 2016.
Following his re-election in November 2017, President Uhuru Kenyatta undertook a working visit to South Africa at the beginning of this year to attend the ruling African National Congress's annual anniversary celebrations in East London.
The latest engagement forms the basis for the invitation to the deputy president from Kenya's governing Jubilee Party to strengthen party-to-party relations as well as trade and economic relations on the occasion of the Madaraka Day celebrations.
During the working visit, it is envisaged that Kenyatta and Mabuza will discuss issues of mutual concern, including the proposed reform initiatives of the African Union, the ongoing security challenges in South Sudan and Somalia, as well as mutually beneficial economic opportunities between the two countries.
African News Agency/ANA
It's July Fourth! Parades! Cookouts! Fireworks!
It's also a Wednesday in the middle of a work week. Deciding whether or not to take time off can be a summer dilemma.
"It's just confusing," said Tom Leoni, a volunteer firefighter in Boston. "Do you take a couple days before or after? It's confusing."
Thiago Manso, a waiter, ended up taking two days midweek.
"Even, like, my job doesn't know what to do," he said. "They don't know if they should give us off like on a weekend or the middle of the week or last weekend."
Steve Spadt, visiting Boston from Philadelphia, took the whole week off.
"I only have to take four days off, and I get a five-day vacation," he said. " It's a good deal."
But there are many not celebrating.
"Aww, miserable," said 40-year-old truck driver Kevin Healy, who needs to save his vacation days for Christmas. "No partying 'cause you gotta work the next day. It's ridiculous."
Some business owners, such as general contractor Matt Tripp and architect Bill Whitlock, have their own complaints. Because staff didn't show up, they lost a week of productivity.
They'd like to see lawmakers ensure that Independence Day is always a long weekend — not a week.
"It should be like Thanksgiving, first Friday or Monday of July, every year," Tripp said.
Whitlock thinks that move would get a lot of voter support.
Down the street at the Boston Tea Party Ships and Museum, people are reenacting a different grievance. Tourist traffic here was light Monday and Tuesday, but Executive Director Shawn Ford is counting on things picking up at the end of the week. Either way, Ford says, the holiday should not be changed.
"You gotta celebrate the Fourth on the Fourth," he said. "[It's] our nation's birthday."
But love it or hate, the Fourth of July won't fall on Wednesday again for more than a decade.
By Baptiste Tavernier
Originally published in Kendo World 6.3, 2012.
Introduction
In 1941 the Dai Nippon Butokukai published a set of generic kata and teaching guidelines entitled Naginata-dō Kihon Dōsa, for the purpose of promoting a unified form of naginata in schools, as it had already been the case with kendo in 1906 (Dai-Nippon Butokukai Seitei Kenjutsu Kata – for more information refer to Kendo World 5.2, pp. 29-38).
Naginata was admited in girls schools since 1913 as an extracurricular activity and was furthemore elevated to an elective subject from 1937. However, naginata instruction in schools had always consisted in the study of ryūha techniques, mainly from the Tendō-ryū and the Jikishin Kage-ryū traditions (also rarely from a few more ‘minor' ryūha such as the Kyōshin-ryū or the Bukō-ryū). Thus, and contrary to kendo which had a somehow unified curriculum since the Taishō period, naginata instruction was totally different from one school to the other, depending on which ryūha was traditionally taught in the area. That was indeed a barrier to naginata dissemination nationwide, and therefore the Butokukai decided to address the matter.
The now infamous Shin Budō (“New Budo”), a militarist and nationalist magazine published during the war, rejoices in its 1941/05 issue (cf. p. 68):
“Naginata moves and styles vary from one tradition to the other and as a result, this was a cause of worries for the promotion of naginata in schools. There has been for a long time a hope for a unified style; at last, the Butokukai has just created the Naginata Kihon Dōsa. This long pending problem has finally been solved. This should be congratulated.”
The Dai-Nippon Butokukai Naginatadō Kihon Dōsa Guidelines provide a unified form of reihō (etiquette), kamae, footwork, zangeki (cuts) and a set of 5 katas that would be later known as “Butokukai Seitei Kata”. The original textbook does not feature any illustrations. However, the guidelines have been fortunately quoted or republished several times during the war in a fistful of manuals that contain pictures or drawings of the kata.
Naginatadō Kihon Dōsa starts with a short foreword and a general introduction:
“The Dai-Nippon Butokukai recognises the value of naginata-jutsu as a form of budo for girls. We opened a naginata-jutsu training course at our Headquarters and we have been trying to promote the art since. We soon came to realise the necessity of raising good instructors and thus founded the Naginata-jutsu Kyōin Yōsei-jo (Naginata-jutsu Instructor Training Center) in June 1934. Now, we have more than a hundred graduates. […] We are truly joyful to see how naginata-jutsu has become very important as teaching material for physical discipline classes in National People's Schools. […] Since ancient times, naginata-jutsu was studied in various ryūha which featured different kinds of naginata, ways of handling them, and etiquette. It is having thus very difficult to adapt naginata-jutsu into a teaching material for schools.”
A research committee was appointed by the Butokukai to work on the inception of a unified form of naginata. Members of the committee were:
– Kendo Hanshi: Ogawa Kinnosuke and Sonobe Masatoshi.
– Naginata-jutsu Hanshi: Sonobe Hideo, Mitamura Chiyo and Yoshimura Seki.
– Kendo Kyōshi: Mitamura Kunihiko.
– Naginatajutsu Kyōshi: Sonobe Shigehachi, Nishigeki Kin, Sonobe Asano, and Moriya Kuno.
– Seven Butokukai officials and directors were also members of the committee, among them: Mori Hisashi, principal of the Budō Semmon Gakkō, and Konishi Shin'emon, kendo Kyōshi. The following quoted text outlines the process involved in researching new forms of naginata-jutsu for girls' education.
“Committee members are authorities from both the Tendō-ryū and the Jikishin Kage-ryū traditions. The Dai-Nippon Butokukai nevertheless asked each of its regional branches if they knew any naginata ryūha with ancient and honourable lineage; research revealed, among others:
– The Suzuka-ryū and the Anasawa-ryū in Miyagi.
– The Jōzan-ryū in Fukushima.
– The Shinkage Hikita-ryū in Tottori.
– The Ōishi Shinkage-ryū in Yamaguchi.
– The Higo-koryū in Kumamoto.
However, as these traditions have a small number of adherents, Tendō-ryū and Jikishin Kage-ryū were both confirmed as the main ryūha in naginata-jutsu. This is why their representatives were appointed as committee members.
The first research committee meeting was convened on February 27, 1940. Sonobe Masatoshi Hanshi who expressed his deep enthusiasm regarding the committee, regrettably succumbed to an illness a few days before the meeting. A second meeting was held on May 8, a third on September 12, a fourth on October 5-6, and the final one on December 23, 1940. After careful deliberation, we agreed on the guidelines and submitted the final draft to the Budō Kōsa Iinkai [Budo Examination Committee]. The guidelines were adopted at the General Meeting on January 21, 1941.”
Reception
The “Dai-Nippon Butokukai Naginata-dō Kihon Dōsa” received with lukewarm enthusiasm. Shortly after the inception and the publication of the guidelines, Mitamura Chiyo, head of the Tendō-ryū tradition, declared that the kata were unrealistic, and she subsequently resigned from her position as Butokukai instructor in May 1941. In the aforementioned Shin Budō lampoon (idem, p. 68), there incident was depicted as follows:
“There are rumours of some dissatisfaction in some ryūha regarding the creation of this unified form of naginata. This is unbelievable! With today's situation, when it comes to budo development each ryūha cannot be stubborn about its own principles. Apparently, some people say that one year of discussion and examination was not enough to expound their theories, and that they are not happy with the conclusions… Nothing in budo can be deemed unsuitable. The dissemination of this kind of exaggerated rumour may cause distrust towards the budo world. It comes from overemphasised legends about ryūha antagonism and factional disputes. To what extent this kind of gossip can hurt and warp the world of budo? No one can know. People who convey such rumours should endeavour to grasp the whole situation and think first about the good of the budo world.”
A closer look at the kata will help the reader decide whether or not they were unrealistic; but we can assume in any case that Mitamura Chiyo was displeased not only with the kata, but with the fact that most of the techniques were incorporated from the Jikishin Kage-ryū tradition. The five kamae follow the Jikishin Kage-ryū style; there is a strong emphasis on furiage-waza, and above all on kuruma-gaeshi waza, which are “trademark” techniques of this tradition. The only technique in the kata that can be identified as a peculiar to Tendō-ryū waza would be the first move in nihon-me, close to the harai-otoshi that can be found in the kata named “Tani-tobi“.
As a result, the intended unification did not happen and the situation in schools remained unchanged: classes instructed by a Jikishin Kage-ryū instructors were based on the Butokukai's Naginatadō Kihon Dōsa, and schools with a Tendō-ryū instructor continued practicing the kata of that tradition. Schools where naginata classes were instructed by teachers from neither the Jikishin Kage-ryū nor the Tendō-ryū sometimes adopted the Butokukai's guidelines, and sometimes rejected them choosing instead kata or techniques from other traditions, such as the Katori Shintō-ryū.
The Naginatadō Kihon Dōsa failed to achieve its purpose because it was seen as a simplification of the Jikishin Kage-ryū more than a unification of different traditions. A few naginata manuals for schools were published by Tendō-ryū exponents during the war (Gakkō Naginata-dō no Shiori and Gakkō Naginata-dō Shūtoku no Shiori – reprinted in Kindai Naginata Meicho Senshu 6); they do not mention the Naginata-dō Kihon Dōsa and focus on the Tendō-ryū's standard curriculum. They also surprisingly introduce the “Dai-Nippon Butokukai Shin Seitei Kata” (“Butokukai New Kata”) which is a modified version of the previously devised kata: it follows the exact same sequence but has the Jikishin Kage-ryū peculiar components expurgated (mainly, kuruma-gaeshi strikes are replaced with strikes from hassō). On the contrary, the Jikishin Kage-ryū adherents have preserved the kata of the Naginata-dō Kihon Dōsa, and continued to provide instruction for many years after the war, as one can see in a 1981 book entitled Zukai Kōchi Naginata.
The Naginata-dō Kihon Dōsa was also a failure in the sense that it did not constitute a modern system where a naginata would face another naginata. Instead, it still promoted the old pattern of a naginata facing a sword, which is inconvenient as a school teaching material because the children have to become “proficient” in the use of two very different weapons in a short period of time. Naginata versus naginata methods were to be devised later on by Niino Kyūhei (Nihon Kokumin Naginata-dō Kyōhon) and subsequently by Sakakida Yaeko who created a set of techniques that would be later known as the Shikake-ōji and are practised widely today.
Overview of the Guidelines
1. Objectives
“The purpose of this method is to make the basics of naginata-jutsu and the kata easy to learn, to forge the body and the mind, to cultivate the spirit of budo and to foster womanly virtues.
One shall train with unified mind and body, revere etiquette, embody a sense of honour and cultivate a serene yet resolute character.”
2. Equipment
The naginata described in the Naginata-dō Kihon Dōsa is shorter than the ones used by practitioners of the Jikishin Kage-ryū or Tendō-ryū, evidently because they were to be wielded by children. The guidelines indicate:
“The length of the shaft shall be chosen freely, as long as the total length of the weapon is comprised between 165cm and 180cm.”
The guidelines are then divided in 4 parts: kihon-dōsa, oyō-dōsa, kata, and notes for instructors.
3. Kihon-dōsa (Basic movements)
a) Lining up (the heads are facing sideways; on command, heads face forward).
b) Taking positions.
c) Etiquette.
˚Saikei-rei (deep bow).
˚Kei-rei (standard bow: 30°).
˚Orishiki (crouching bow).
d) Kamae
˚Chūdan (kissaki is pointing towards the opponent's right eye).
˚Hassō.
˚Jōdan (kissaki is not on the centreline, but out to
the right).
˚Gedan.
˚Waki (the ishizuki is higher than the kissaki, and the blade faces diagonally upwards).
e) Footwork
˚Suri-ashi mae / ato.
˚Hiraki-ashi migi / hidari.
Note: there is no mention of ayumi-ashi.
f) Cuts (the term zangeki “cut” is used instead of uchi “strike”)
˚Furiage cuts.
˚Kuruma-gaeshi ue cuts (this does not exist in modern naginata anymore. It is based on the Jikishin Kage-ryū waza called mizu-guruma, a kind of inverted furikaeshi.
˚Kuruma-gaeshi shita cuts (furikaeshi in modern naginata).
˚Tsuki (tsuki from chūdan and furikomi-tsuki).
g) Targets.
Targets and the cuts that one can use to strike at them:
˚Shōmen –> furiage ; kuruma-gaeshi shita.
˚Sayūmen –> furiage ; kuruma-gaeshi ue.
˚Sune –> furiage ; kuruma-gaeshi ue.
˚Dō –> furiage ; kuruma-gaeshi ue.
˚Kote –> furiage ; kuruma-gaeshi ue ; kuruma-gaeshi shita.
˚Inkō tsuki (thrust to the throat) ; shinka tsuki (thrust to the solar plexus).
h) Cuts
This section describes each cut in more detail, with different rhythms (i.e. each cut can be made in one move, two moves, etc.)
4. Oyō-Dōsa (Applied movements)
˚Nidan-uchi
˚Sandan-uchi
˚Uchikomi-kirikaeshi
This section does not give any information on the content of each exercise, only the names.
5. Kata
As mentioned in the introduction, the original textbook published by the Butokukai does not feature any illustrations. Fortunately, the guidelines were republished in July 1941 in the book Kokumin Gakkō Naginata-dō Kyōzai Kaisetsu. Each kata is supplemented with one picture in which represents each step of the sequence. Those pictures are virtually illegible, and we decided not to include them in this article.
In Sonobe Shigehachi's Naginata Yōgi, published in 1944, the Butokukai Seitei Kata is supplemented with 24 pictures that illustrate each sequence step by step. However again, the poor quality of the pictures combined with the poor condition of the damaged copy in our possession prevented us for using them in this article. Fortunately, the book Zukai Kōchi Naginata, published in 1981, features a new set of 24 illustrations in the exact same positions that were represented in the 1944 book. We thus chose those pictures to illustrate the “Butokukai Seitei Kata” in this article.
Butokukai Seitei Kata: Ippon-me.
Illustration from Kokumin Gakkō Naginatadō Kyōzai Kaisetsu
The kata guidelines start with an introduction explaining that the tachi should be handled the same as in the “Kendō Kihon“ and the “Teikoku Kendō Kata” (known nowadays as the Nippon Kendo Kata). There is then an explanation about the different bows, especially the orishiki or “crouching bow” for the tachi (which is different from the usual sonkyō); followed by an explanation about the reihō that one must demonstrate between each kata and at the end of the whole set.
6. Notes for Instructors
– In every situation, always impart reihō to the students.
– Repeat ceaselessly the exercises. Build the students' mental strength.
– Make the students strike at the void before striking at the dummy.
– Always do warm up exercises.
– Make sure that the students understand the principles behind the kata.
– Make the students repeat the kata alone, then with a partner.
– Make the students recite the written works of the Emperor. Make the students sing the Budo Anthem.
– Balance your classes with both practical training and lectures.
– Follow and respect the sequences prescribed in these guidelines.
***
References:
˚An., “Gakkō Naginatadō no Shiori”, in Kindai Naginata Meicho Senshu 6, Tokyo, Hon no Yusha, 2004.
˚An., “Gakkō Naginatadō Shūtoku no Shiori”, in Kindai Naginata Meicho Senshu 6, Tokyo, Hon no Yusha, 2004.
˚Bennett Alexander, Naginata: The definitive guide, Auckland, Kendo World Publication, 2005.
˚Dai Nippon Butokukai, Naginatadō Kihon Dōsa, Kyoto, Maruyama Kigen, 1941.
˚Nakamura Tamio, “Kindai Naginata Shōshi”, in Kindai Naginata Meicho Senshu 8, Tokyo, Hon no Yusha, 2004.
˚Niino Kyūhei, Nihon Kokumin Naginatadō Kyōhon, Kyoto, Shinnō-sha, 1941.
˚Shin Budō, issue 05-1941.
˚Shūtokukan Kenkyūbu, Kokumin Gakkō Naginatadō Kyōzai Kaisetsu, Tokyo, Shūtokukan Kenkyūbu, 1941.
˚Sonobe Shigehachi, Jōshi Budō Naginata no Tsukaikata, Tokyo, Tōyō Tosho, 1942.
˚Sonobe Shigehachi, Kokumin Gakkō Naginata Seigi, Tokyo, Tōyō Tosho, 1941.
˚Sonobe Shigehachi, Naginata Yōgi, Tokyo, Hōbunkan, 1944.
˚Sonobe Shigehachi, Zukai Kōchi Naginata, Tokyo, Sebidō Shuppan, 1981.
˚Sugino Yoshio, Naginata Kyōiku no Riron to Jissai, Tokyo, Kanda Shobō, 1942.
Beijing: Over a month after the Doklam border stand-off with China was resolved diplomatically, the neighbouring country on Friday defended the presence of its troops in the Sikkim-Bhutan-Tibet tri-junction, claiming that the area always belonged to them.
"The Donglang (Doklam) area has always belonged to China and has been under the effective jurisdiction of China," the Chinese Foreign Ministry told PTI in response to questions about a report that the People's Liberation Army (PLA) is beefing up troops in the area.
"There is no dispute. The Chinese border forces have been patrolling in the area of Donglang, exercising their sovereign rights and safeguarding territorial sovereignty according to the historical boundary," the Ministry said in a written response.
The reaction from the Chinese Foreign Ministry came a day after it was reported that Beijing is still flexing its muscles and has deployed more troops in the Chumbi Valley.
It was also reported that China is building bunkers and a road on the Doklam Plateau, just 10 km from the location of the last conflict.
Troops of India and China were locked in a 73-day standoff in Dokalam that began from June 16 over road construction activity at the India-Bhutan-China trijunction.
It is to be noted that the Doklam Plateau is claimed by both Beijing and Bhutan as their territory. The tension eased after talks between top officials of both the countries.
Meanwhile, Indian Air Force Chief BS Dhanoa, in a press briefing on Thursday, confirmed the presence of the Chinese troops in Chumbi Valley in the Doklam Plateau.
However, he appeared confident that a peaceful resolution of the issue with China was still possible.
Dhanoa, while stating that the stand-off with China can be resolved diplomatically, ruled out any possibility of a military face-off with the neighbouring Communist state.
"The two sides are not in a physical face-off as we speak. However, I expect the Chinese troops to withdraw from Chumbi Valley as their exercise in the area gets over," Dhanoa told reporters ahead of IAF Day, which is marked on October 8.
Dhanoa also rejected concerns regarding India's military preparedness vis-a-vis Beijing and said that the IAF is capable of effectively countering any threat from China and Pakistan simultaneously in a two-front war.
(With PTI inputs)
By ERIC A. POWELL
Monday, December 11, 2017
A villager in the northern Chinese province of Shanxi was renovating a house when he was shocked to discover it was built over an ancient tomb. Archaeologists called in to excavate the site dated it to the Song Dynasty (A.D. 960–1127) and found that the burial chamber had been decorated with tile carvings depicting horses and flying deer, as well as an elaborate fresco of a lavish family feast. “It's a glimpse of real life during the Song Dynasty,” says Zhong Longgang of the Shanxi Provincial Institute of Archaeology, who supervised the dig. “We think the party fresco depicts the people who were actually buried in the tomb, and it gives us a look at the clothing, diet, and etiquette of the period.” Many of the tiles recovered from the tomb have impressions of palm prints, which may have served as the signatures of the artisans who made them.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tom Cleverley has been handed the chance to revive his career at Newcastle.
Rafa Benitez wants the Everton midfielder on loan for the rest of the season, with an option to buy if the Geordies are promoted.
Ronald Koeman is trying to strengthen his midfield and is considering rivalling West Brom for Manchester United's Morgan Schneiderlin.
Cleverley has only made 12 appearances this season, several as a late substitute.
(Photo: Getty Images)
Benitez has taken charge of transfer wheeling and dealing at Newcastle, alongside MD Lee Charnley.
Brentford striker Scott Hogan is high on Benitez's wanted list, but could cost up to £15m.
He is also in for Bournemouth star Callum Wilson.
Are you ready for some football?
You'd better be ready, because the Super Bowl is less than one week away and before we are bombarded with endless pregame coverage and obnoxious ads, we should tackle the sobering dilemma overshadowing anything that happens on the field—the long-term side effects of youth football.
It might sound like the ultimate buzzkill heading into America's favorite unofficial holiday, but the ongoing and pervasive neurological consequences of football must always be an open discussion. The latest news, a study published online recently in Brain, a journal of neurology, presented the case that repetitive hits to the head—even hits that do not lead to concussions—can possibly cause chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).
This is alarming news—according to the study, even if the hit to the head does not cause loss of consciousness or other symptoms like headaches, dizziness, vision problems or confusion, it could lead to CTE, the progressive degenerative disease that has become so prevalent in the brains of deceased pro-football players.
The study was seven years in the making and involved researchers “analyzing human brains from teenagers to young adults who had been exposed to mild head impact but died from another cause soon after.” That analysis revealed evidence of trauma consistent with CTE.
The study and its results seem to spell out rather clearly that prolonged exposure to even the most routine football hits leave young kids vulnerable to debilitating disease later in life. This throws into question the idea of allowing kids in high school or earlier to play tackle football at all; that maybe by enrolling youngsters in tackle football, we aren't exposing them to the lessons of teamwork and disciple, but instead we are signing them up for mental anguish, dementia and violent behavior.
And so, I ask again—are you ready for some football?
—Steve Mosco
Antiknock agent is a gasoline additive that works to reduce the engine knocking tendency while trying to accelerate the octane rating of the fuel. Mixture of gas and air in a conventional car engine has a problem with igniting too early and when this happens, it creates a knocking noise.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=3450
Commonly used antiknock agents are tetraethyl lead, ferrocene, toluene, iron pentacarbonyl, isooctane and methylcyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl. Lead compounds have been used as an antiknock agent for many years. The most commonly used is tetraethyl lead, a transparent and highly toxic dense liquid. It easily dissolves in ethyl, acetone, gasoline and in some other solvents. It boils at around 250°Ð¡.
Another commonly used lead antiknock agent is the tetramethyl lead. It is a liquid with pungent smell and boils at around 120°Ð¡. Due to the relatively low boiling temperature, this substance spreads more evenly in gasoline fractions. Tetramethyl lead is more stable than tetraethyl lead at around 700°Ð¡. This ensures higher and better efficiency of the tetramethyl lead as compared to tetraethyl lead in high pressure ratio internal combustion engine vehicles.
Commonly found drawback of both the compounds is the high toxicity of the agents, with high impact on the environment and negative influence on the exhaust gas after treatment devices. Hence, for these reasons the use of tetramethyl lead and tetraethyl lead is decreasing and intensive research is carried out for more efficient antiknock agents is in the pipeline.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antiknock-agents-market.html
Some of the antiknock agents which have already been tested and used at various times are cyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl (CMT), methylcyclopentadienyl manganese tricarbonyl (MMT) and dicyclopentadienyl iron. In terms of higher and better efficiency, manganese compounds are analogous and iron compounds are inferior to lead. CMT is a highly volatile crystalline compound of yellow color. It is stable in air and is easily soluble in organic solvents and is completely insoluble in water. MMT is a low viscosity liquid of light amber color with a grassy smell and has a boiling point of 250°Ð¡. Ferrocene is a solid crystalline substance and has a melting temperature of 180°Ð¡. Iron pentacarbonyl is a straw color liquid with boiling temperature of 105°Ð¡ and freezing temperature of -2°Ð¡.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Chaz Mostert has ended a golden Audi run by stealing pole position for Sunday's Bathurst 12 Hour race.
The Supercars young gun edged out South African Kelvin Van der Linde's Audi R8 by two tenths of a second in Saturday's top-10 shootout, becoming the first driver of the weekend to break into 2m:01s barrier.
Mostert has declared his team every chance of claiming the race for BMW Team Schnitzer 26 years since they last visited Mount Panorama.
The German squad's history spans 50 years, with DTM titles accompanied by world, European, British, Italian, Japanese and Asia-Pacific touring car crowns, and success in a string of major sportscar races.
Charly Lamm's outfit last visited Australia in 1987 to contest the Bathurst round of the World Touring Car Championship. Mostert is teamed up in the factory team with Brazilian Augusto Farfus and German BMW works driver Marco Wittmann.
"It's pretty surreal ... for me it's probably one of the best pole positions I've ever had," Mostert said.
"There were some pretty quick Audis so I knew we had to step it up. To do it here amongst all of this amazing talent is unreal. I am just the Aussie bogan having a go."
Starting on the front row of the grid gives Mostert and his teammates a key advantage with the race set to start in darkness at 5:45am.
"It reduces the risk completely," Mostert said. "In the dark here with the lights and stuff, the risk is much higher to end up out of the race."
The Audi of Van der Linde, Garth Tander and Frederic Vervisch had been dominant after the early practice form of Farfus in the BMW.
"I have a theory that when the weekend starts well, you can really keep the momentum going," Van der Linde said. "We have every chance tomorrow. We have a good car and a good team."
Reigning Supercars champion Jamie Whincup had a tough day in the Mercedes-AMG and will start from 16th on the grid.
Lee Holdsworth became a casualty in qualifying when he spun his Audi R8 on the way up the mountain, causing a lengthy red flag. Despite the heavy crash, the team has declared the car a starter for Sunday, starting from 20th on the grid.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young man was killed in a deliberate house fire just hours after celebrating the new year with his girlfriend.
Cameron Logan, 23, died in the blaze in the early hours of Sunday morning, after celebrating Hogmanay with his partner.
His 24-year-old girlfriend is in a critical condition at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow after suffering serious injuries.
Police Scotland said the fire was deliberately started at the family home in Achray Place, Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire.
Mr Logan's body was discovered at around 7.25am.
(Photo: Paul Chappells/Daily Record)
(Photo: Paul Chappells/Daily Record)
His mum and dad have been released after treatment for smoke inhalation.
The family dog died in the fire.
No details have been given on the specific cause of the fire but a police and fire service investigation determined that it was deliberate.
Officers are treating the case as murder and attempted murder.
(Photo: Facebook)
Detective Chief Inspector Bob Frew said: "Cameron had been out with his girlfriend celebrating Hogmanay and both had returned to his home in the early hours of the morning.
"Later that morning, a fire was set deliberately at the house.
"Cameron died at the scene. His parents, both 54 years of age, have since been released from hospital, however, his 24-year-old girlfriend remains in hospital where medical staff describe her condition as critical.
"The family pet dog (no breed) also died at the scene.
"Officers are still at the house carrying out inquiries and are also in the area speaking to neighbours and checking CCTV."
Forensics experts continued to work at the scene on Monday with large green covers draped over the front of the house.
(Photo: Facebook)
(Photo: Paul Chappells/Daily Record)
A private ambulance was also seen leaving Achray Place on Monday morning.
Mr Frew urged anyone with information to contact police.
"Although it was early on New Year's morning, it's possible that people were about, maybe walking their dogs or out jogging in or near the area," he said.
(Photo: Paul Chappells/Daily Record)
"I would appeal to them or indeed anyone who was near Achray Place, who saw activity at the house prior to or after the fire to contact police.
"Information can be passed to the Major Investigation Team based at Govan Police Office via 101 or alternatively, contact Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 where information can be given in confidence."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England is through to the quarter-finals of the World Cup in Russia.
Gareth Southgate's men were beaten by Belgium in their final Group G encounter but the wins over Tunisia and Panama mean they finished second in Group G.
They beat Colombia in the last 16 after a dramatic penalty shootout - but not all of the big boys have made it.
World champions Germany were one of the casualties in the group stages after a shocking tournament.
BBC and ITV have screened each and every match across the tournament so far and you won't miss a kick for the remainder after both channels selected their last eight fixtures.
(Image: Lars Baron - FIFA)
The BBC had the first two choices of the quarter-final matches after ITV got first pick in the last 16.
All times listed below are British Summer Time (BST).
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
GROUP STAGES
Thursday, June 14
Russia 5-0 Saudi Arabia 4pm ITV
Friday, June 15
Egypt 0-1 Uruguay 1pm BBC
Morocco 0-1 Iran 4pm ITV
Portugal 3-3 Spain 7pm BBC
Saturday, June 16
France 2-1 Australia 11am BBC
Argentina 1-1 Iceland 2pm ITV
Denmark 1-0 Peru 5pm BBC
Croatia 2-0 Nigeria 8pm ITV
Sunday, June 17
Costa Rica 0-1 Serbia 1pm ITV
Germany 0-1 Mexico 4pm BBC
Brazil 1-1 Switzerland 7pm ITV
Monday, June 18
Sweden 1-0 South Korea 1pm ITV
Belgium 3-0 Panama 4pm BBC
Tunisia 1-2 England 7pm BBC
Tuesday, June 19
Poland 1-2 Senegal 1pm BBC
Colombia 1-2 Japan 4pm ITV
Russia 3-1 Egypt 7pm BBC
Wednesday, June 20
Portugal 1-0 Morocco 1pm BBC
Uruguay 1-0 Saudi Arabia 4pm BBC
Iran 0-1 Spain 7pm ITV
Thursday, June 21
Denmark 1-1 Australia 1pm ITV
France 1-0 Peru 4pm ITV
Argentina 0-3 Croatia 7pm BBC
Friday, June 22
Brazil 2-0 Costa Rica 1pm ITV
Nigeria 2-0 Iceland 4pm BBC
Serbia 1-2 Switzerland 7pm BBC
Saturday, June 23
Belgium 5-2 Tunisia 1pm BBC
South Korea 1-2 Mexico 4pm ITV
Germany 2-1 Sweden 7pm ITV
Sunday, June 24
England 6-1 Panama 1pm BBC
Japan 2-2 Senegal 4pm BBC
Poland 0-3 Colombia 7pm ITV
Monday, June 25
Saudi Arabia 2-1 Egypt 3pm ITV
Uruguay 3-0 Russia 3pm ITV
Iran 1-1 Portugal 7pm BBC
Spain 2-2 Morocco 7pm BBC
Tuesday, June 26
Denmark 0-0 France 3pm ITV
Australia 0-2 Peru 3pm ITV
Nigeria 1-2 Argentina 7pm BBC
Croatia 2-1 Iceland 7pm BBC
Wednesday, June 27
South Korea 2-0 Germany 3pm BBC
Mexico 0-3 Sweden 3pm BBC
Serbia 0-2 Brazil 7pm ITV
Switzerland 2-2 Costa Rica 7pm ITV
Thursday, June 28
Japan 0-1 Poland 3pm BBC
Colombia 1-0 Senegal 3pm BBC
Panama 1-2 Tunisia 7pm ITV
England 0-1 Belgium 7pm ITV
LAST 16
Saturday, June 30
France 4-3 Argentina 3pm BBC
Uruguay 2-1 Portugal 7pm ITV
Sunday, July 1
Spain 1-1 Russia (AET, 3-4 on pens) 3pm BBC
Croatia 1-1 Denmark (3-2 on pens) 7pm ITV
Monday, July 2
Brazil 2-0 Mexico, 3pm ITV
Belgium 3-2 Japan, 7pm BBC
Tuesday, July 3
Sweden 0-1 Switzerland 3pm BBC
England 1-1 Colombia (4-3 on pens) 7pm ITV
Friday, July 6
Uruguay v France, Nizhny Novgorod, 3pm BBC
Brazil v Belgium, Kazan, 7pm BBC
Saturday, July 7
Sweden v England, Samara, 3pm, ITV
Russia v Croatia, Sochi, 7pm, ITV
Tens of thousands of people will march on Downing Street today to challenge Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt to properly fund the NHS.
Health workers, patients, union members and activists are joining together to demand an end to the "crisis" in the NHS and push for more money from the Tory Health Secretary to fund hospital beds and medical staff.
The 'Fix It Now' march, backed by the Mirror, will start snaking through the capital from midday.
Speakers at the event, organised by Health Campaigns Together and the People's Assembly, will include actor Ralf Little and Nicky Romero, whose daughter Becky died because of lack of NHS recourses.
You can tweet us your comments and photos @DailyMirror and like us on Facebook for all the latest NHS news.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An overturned lorry on the A534 near Nantwich has forced a road closure in the area - less than a week after a similar incident.
Cheshire Police took to Twitter at around 12.30pm this afternoon (Monday) to warn motorists that the stretch of the A534, between Faddiley and the A49 crossroads, will be closed temporarily while the vehicle is recovered.
A spokesman for Cheshire Police tweeted: "Overturned lorry on the A543 (A534) between Faddiley and the A49, please avoid this road if possible - road will be subject to temporary closure."
This is the second such incident on this stretch of road in less than a week.
Last Tuesday (August 8) the road was closed for a whole day after a HGV overturned and had to be recovered.
Police and firefighters were sent to the scene to recover the vehicle and the load it had been carrying, and the driver of the truck was taken to hospital during last week's incident.
Super Bowl LII will be played between the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles on February 4. (Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)
ROANOKE, Va. - Looking to watch Super Bowl LII but don't have a television nearby?
No worries, you can still see every down of the big game!
With NBC televising the game, here's the link where you can go to watch the game from either a desktop or laptop computer: http://nflstream.nbcsports.com
If you have a tablet or Smart TV-type device, then the NBC Sports app will be your way to go.
As a note, the app will not work on handheld devices due to restrictions.
If you do have a mobile device and are looking to stream the game, you'll need to download the Yahoo Sports app. (iOS and Android)
NBC's Super Bowl LII coverage begins at noon with the "Road to the Super Bowl" show.
Kickoff is scheduled for 6 p.m.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Coach John Fox answered the final question in a raspy voice and headed back toward his happy Chicago locker room.
“Sorry about the voice,” he said while leaving the podium.
Nobody could fault him. It had been a long time since the Bears had anything worth celebrating, and they enjoyed a lot of yell-for-joy moments against a Bengals team that's gone from hopeless to hapless.
Rookie Mitchell Trubisky threw for a touchdown and ran for another in his best showing, and Chicago ended a five-game losing streak by routing the lackluster Bengals 33-7 on Sunday.
Jordan Howard ran for 147 yards and a pair of touchdowns as the Bears (4-9) dominated a matchup of the NFL's worst offenses. Their rookie quarterback took full advantage of an aggressive game plan, completing a career-high 25 passes out of 32 attempts for 271 yards. He also ran 4 yards for a score.
“We just had fun doing it,” Trubisky said. “We trusted the plan, went out there and let it loose.”
The Bengals (5-8) couldn't believe how poorly they played, describing themselves as stunned and embarrassed by their worst home loss since 2008.
“It wasn't good,” said Andy Dalton, who threw his first interception since Oct. 22 during a loss in Pittsburgh. “It's disappointing that that's what we put out there today.”
The rival Steelers crushed their playoff hopes on Monday night at Paul Brown Stadium by rallying for a 23-20 victory . The physical game also depleted Cincinnati's defense.
The Bengals were missing starting cornerbacks Adam “Pacman” Jones and Dre Kirkpatrick, along with linebacker Vontaze Burfict and Nick Vigil.
The Bears piled up a season-high 482 yards after managing only 140 and 147 yards in each of the past two games.
“Some new people, some moving parts, and you know, it was not very good,” coach Marvin Lewis said.
Some takeaways from Chicago's most lopsided victory in five years:
TRUBISKY'S BEST: The rookie shined in an aggressive game plan aimed at going after the holes in Cincinnati's defense. In the past two games, he has completed 37 of 47 passes without an interception.
“I just feel confident I'm getting better each week,” Trubisky said.
LEADER OF THE PACK: Howard led a rushing attack that piled up 232 yards. Howard has rushed for 1,032 yards this season. He's the first Bears running back to start a career with consecutive 1,000-yard seasons.
“There's a great running back tradition here, a lot to live up to,” Howard said. “So to do so, it's a great feeling.
NUGENT'S RETURN: The Bears signed kicker Mike Nugent after Cairo Santos went on injured reserve with a groin injury during the week. Nugent spent seven seasons with the Bengals, who released him last season after a streak of missed field goals and extra points. He was booed loudly whenever he came onto the field. Nugent missed an extra-point attempt — he hit the right upright — after Chicago's first touchdown, but was good on every other kick, including field goals of 34 and 27 yards.
“You're going to think of some of the negative stuff, but I had a really good time playing here in Cincinnati,” Nugent said. “I hated to see my run here end.”
DALTON PICKED OFF: Dalton's career-best streak without an interception ended at 193 consecutive throws. The rare interception set up Trubisky's 1-yard touchdown pass that put the Bears in control 26-7 early in the fourth quarter, their biggest lead of the season.
HOW LOW WILL THEY GO? The Bengals showed the effects of their loss to Pittsburgh in many ways. Dalton acknowledged that they came out with a lack of energy. The question is how low they'll sink in the final three weeks. Lewis is in the final year of his contract. The game Sunday drew only 52,002 fans. There have been at least 10,000 empty seats for every game at Paul Brown Stadium this season.
“Definitely embarrassing,” receiver A.J. Green said. “Anytime you lose 33-7, no matter how good the other team played, it's embarrassing. We have three more weeks left, and we have to continue fighting.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Marine Minute
I'm Corporal Savannah Mosby with your Marine Minute.
U.S. Marines arrived and are scheduled to participate in the next iteration of Marine Rotational Force – Darwin 2018 in the Northern Territory of Australia, April 23rd. The six month deployment is in support of the combined annual training opportunity with the Australian Defense Force and improves the combined capabilities between the two forces. This year's rotation will be the first to perform as a special Marine Air-Ground Task Force. Lt. Col. Warren Cook, 2nd Battalion, 4th Marines, Commanding Officer had this to say:
"This summer we're upwards of 1,500 Marines and Sailors here in Darwin, which is an awesome sign of the progress of the partnership of Australia and America."
Over in Europe,
Marines and Sailors with Marine Rotational Force-Europe 18.1 are currently Winter Warfare Training at Haltdalen Training Center in Norway. Durring the training, they learn survival skills and conduct various live-fire drills which help them potentially operate in harsh winter conditions.
That's it for your Marine Minute, for more news around the Corps go to Marines.mil.
Rome, December 11 - There was an explosion near the bus terminus in New York Monday, local sources and police said.
× Expand Abigail Cook-Robinson stars in Virginia Rep's production of “Akeelah and the Bee.” (Photo by Ash Daniel)
Audra Honaker, director of Virginia Repertory Theatre's production of “Akeelah and the Bee,” knows firsthand the pressure of spelling difficult words in front of an audience. A Hopewell native, Honaker grew up performing onstage — singing, acting, dancing — and taking part in spelling bees before going off to study English at Virginia Commonwealth University.
Because she is someone who always reads the book before watching the movie, Honaker perused the script for “Akeelah and the Bee” before seeing the 2006 film starring Keke Palmer, Angela Bassett and Laurence Fishburne. If people loved the movie, she says, they will be getting a similar experience when they come to see Virginia Rep's production.
Honaker, also an instructor at SPARC, the School of the Performing Arts in the Richmond Community, has been acting and directing in Richmond for the past 16 years. She's pleased by what she sees as an increased depth of talent in the city.
“We had several young ladies who came in the first night of auditions and were possibilities,” she says. “They had studied and were so thoughtful about choices they were going to make.”
Ultimately, it was 10-year-old Abigail Cook-Robinson of Chesterfield County who won over the casting crew.
“Abigail sparkled,” says Honaker. “Her reading of the scene at callbacks made me want to keep watching and know more about Akeelah, and that's exactly what you want an audience to feel.”
Abigail, who attends Park Ridge Elementary School in Stafford County, started acting at age 6, when she stayed after school with her mother, Johnetta Cook-Robinson, a drama teacher at North Stafford High School. “I would watch the older kids and learn the choreography,” she says. “I had to audition and everything. That's where I realized that I wanted to be onstage.”
Abigail says she likes the script's blend of seriousness and comedy, and she admires Akeelah's can-do spirit. “She tries her best and practices her words and just wants to be the best she can be.”
“Akeelah and the Bee” runs through Nov. 5 at The Children's Theatre at Willow Lawn. $20. 804-282-2620 or va-rep.org.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"Everybody at Stamford Bridge would like to express our enormous gratitude to John and wish him the very best of luck for the future."
That's what Chelsea had to say when John Terry announced he would be leaving the club he has served for 22 years at the end of the season.
"What a pleasure to play with the greatest defender in the Premier League's history," added Frank Lampard.
While former Blues star Pat Nevin concluded: "John Terry has been a legend at this club and always will be."
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
The praise was fitting for a man who has achieved everything on a domestic level in the Premier League, and a hashtag began to trend on Twitter.
"ThankYouJohnTerry" was what fans of the Chelsea man started to write, as tributes flooded in from every angle on social media.
However, as is always the case where Twitter is involved, it wasn't long before the hashtag was quickly hijacked... by Man United fans.
(Photo: PA Wire/Press Association Images)
Instead of remembering the positive moments from the 36-year-old's long and illustrious career, Red Devils supporters focused on one very painful memory.
Back in 2008 Chelsea found themselves in the Champions League final facing off against Sir Alex Ferguson's Man United.
The game went to penalties and up stepped Terry to bring the trophy home to Stamford Bridge... but he didn't.
Instead the centre-back slipped, hit the post, handed United Europe's premier trophy, and burst into floods of tears.
So no prizes for guessing what Red Devils supporters were thanking Terry for...
A Pennsylvania family has been reunited with its dog nearly 10 years after she went missing.
Abby, a black lab lab mix, ran away from the Suierveld's Apollo, Pennsylvania home in 2008. The Suiervelds were devastated, and assumed Abby was gone forever.
But earlier this week, Abby turned up on the porch of George Speiring's house in Lower Burrell — located about 10 miles away from the Suierveld's house.
Speiring called police, who notified animal rescue workers. They quickly realized that Abby was microchipped, and hours later, she was on her way home for the first time in 10 years.
Abby is healthy and the Suiervelds think that another family may have been looking after her for the past decade. But according to Debra Suierveld, Abby still remembers that she and her daughter taught the dog.
“It feels like a part of my kids' childhood is back, part of our family is back,” Suierveld told USA Today. “It's pretty awesome.”
Why the N. Philly grandmothers who shut down Temple's football stadium meeting are so angry | Inga Saffron
Why the N. Philly grandmothers who shut down Temple's football stadium meeting are so angry | Inga Saffron Mar 8
Inga Saffron, The Inquirer's architecture critic, writes about architecture, design and planning issues. She was awarded the 2014 Pulitzer Prize in Criticism. Her popular column, "Changing Skyline", has been appearing on Fridays in the paper's Home & Design section since 1999. In 2012, she completed a Loeb Fellowship at Harvard University's Graduate School of Design.
The former Studebaker showroom at 667 N. Broad St. has been renovated as a mixed-use commercial building.
The spectacular restoration of the Divine Lorraine has focused Philadelphia's attention once again on the stretch of North Broad Street just above Center City. During the two decades the old hotel stood vacant, it was often held up as the poster child of the street's decline. But the ups and downs and ups of those eclectic blocks may be better reflected in the history of the Studebaker showroom.
Located just south of the Divine Lorraine, the three-story building was never completely abandoned. Instead, it was subjected to a series of extreme makeovers as North Broad's fortunes shifted. Now that the street is making a comeback, the former automobile showroom has just been given another facade treatment. This one, overseen by developer Eric Blumenfeld, the Divine Lorraine's owner, restores the building to something close to its original appearance.
In some ways, the Studebaker Building has always been a work in progress. According to research by Powers & Co., a historic preservation consultant, it was built in phases, starting in 1916, and the facade's hodgepodge of details reflected that incremental construction. After it was purchased in the mid-'20s by a car dealer who sold Studebakers, the facade was renovated to give it a more unified look. Featuring brick piers, immense shop windows, and massive wooden brackets at the cornice, the new version was typical of the Main Street-style, commercial architecture of the day.
North Broad Street was then known as Philadelphia's “Automobile Row” because of its concentration of showrooms, parts stores, and repair shops. Perhaps in an attempt to stand out from the crowd, the Studebaker facade was fitted out with a variety of stylish neon signs, including a vertical marquee with Studebaker's name in lights. By the late '30s, however, both the street and the car manufacturer were already on a downward slide. Most North Broad car dealers had left for highway locations. Studebaker rolled out its last car in 1966.
It's not clear when the showroom closed, but in 1963, the building owner applied for a permit to strip off its wooden millwork and reclad the building. What had been a subdued commercial storefront was transformed into an exuberant modernist butterfly. The architects, Kremer & Kremer, faced the building in a color chart's worth of glass panels. Though probably intended as offices, the building was converted to a homeless shelter in 1977.
And that's how it remained until Blumenfeld bought the old Studebaker showroom in 2015. His plan was to get it listed on the National Register so he could obtain tax credits to finance a renovation, but the application was rejected because the facade had been so radically altered.
Despite the setback, Blumenfeld forged ahead. The design, developed by architect Richard Sauder, is more historically inspired than historically faithful, but the new millwork and cornice brackets do evoke the days when North Broad was lined with car showrooms. Upstairs, the space is occupied by a variety of office tenants, including the Starr Restaurants and several city departments.
And lest anyone forget the building's origins, the neon Studebaker marquee once again hangs from the facade, a worthy companion to the restored Divine Lorraine sign up the street.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The school resource officer told her that the boy got into an argument with another student at the dance and tried to run away from the officer. Millard said her grandson told her that the officer caught him, which hurt his neck, and handcuffed him. ...
Millard, who said she has custody of her grandson, took him to Cape Fear Valley Medical Center around 9:30 p.m. after he began screaming of pain, she said. A doctor diagnosed him with a muscle strain in his neck and an altered mental status, according to paperwork she provided.
A school psychiatrist reported the boy was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and recommended that he spend the rest of the school year at home receiving intensive therapy, according to documents from Millard.
A Cumberland County grandmother is sounding off after she alleges her 12-year-old grandson was left handcuffed and bloodied after an altercation at a school dance.Pamela Millard told WTVD her grandson Tyler Skipper got into a scuffle with another student at a Gray's Creek Middle School last month that ended with the boy in handcuffs in the school office.Millard said she was called to pick up Skipper around 3 p.m. on March 17 and found the child crying and bleeding from his wri[s]ts when she arrived.According to the Fayetteville Observer Cumberland County Sheriff's Sgt. Sean Swain said the department's internal affairs is now, but refused to divulge any details, including the officer's name.Cumberland County Schools superintendent Frank Till Jr. also declined to comment on the situation and referred questions from an Observer reporter to the sheriff's department.Millard told WTVD her grandson suffers from ADHD and believes the boy's condition played a role in the incident. She contends the officer's actions were over the top, and he should have de-escalated the situation rather than treat the boy like a criminal." she said.The grandmother said her ultimate goal is to force officials to reconsider how they handle students who lash out in hopes of preventing a similar problem with other students in the future."I'm looking for the policies to be looked into how these kids are being handled in school," Millard said, "and as far as Tyler is concerned making sure he gets the best care possible."The initial police report about the incident alleged the boy damaged school property - a $15 whistle - in the melee, but Swain told the Observer the family will not be required to pay for it. Skipper also will not be charged with any crimes, he said.The student is now being homeschooled for the rest of the school year, mostly because he continues to have problems stemming from his arrest.," Millard said.
Are there PYRAMIDS on Mars? Alien hunters tell of
A new mum has been told she has just months left
James Arthur leaves court after his attacker is j
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Russian spy ship which has been "loitering" off the US east coast this week is capable of intercepting sensitive communications and underwater signals.
The Cold War-era SSV-175 Viktor Leonov warship is rigged with high-tech electronic spying equipment that can monitor and collect data on US Navy sonar.
The intelligence-gathering vessel is also armed with anti-aircraft missiles and guns in the event of an attack or in case the crew needs to defend themselves from a threat.
American officials have downplayed the spy ship's presence in international waters, where it was just 30 miles from a major US submarine base on Wednesday.
(Photo: Getty Images South America)
(Photo: Getty)
With a crew of about 150 to 200 military personnel, the 310ft Viktor Leonov can reportedly transmit data back to superiors via onboard antennae linked to satellites orbiting earth.
For self-defence the ship - along with six other similar Vishnya class spy vessels - is said to be armed with two AK-630 rapid-fire guns and two missile launchers.
After it was launched in 1988 it patrolled the Black Sea before being transferred to Russia's northern fleet, based in the Barents Sea in the Arctic.
It was named after the Russian sailor and war hero who was celebrated for victories against German and Japanese forces during World War II.
US officials have been keeping a close watch on the Viktor Leonov during its first Atlantic mission since US President Donald Trump was elected.
The ship was 30 miles south of Groton, Connecticut, where the New London submarine base is located, on Wednesday.
Grotton is known as the "home of the submarine force" and is the primary east coast submarine base for the US.
A US official told Fox News that the ship's position also put it just south of Montauk on the eastern tip of New York's Long Island.
The official said the Viktor Leonov was "loitering" in international waters.
(Photo: Fox News)
On Tuesday the ship was spotted just 70 miles from the coast of Delaware.
Its position on Wednesday was the furthest north it has ever travelled up the US eastern seaboard, Fox News reported.
Two years ago it was seen lurking near a submarine base in Kings Bay, Georgia, where the US Navy keeps submarines armed with Trident missile nuclear weapons.
In January 2015 the Viktor Leonov was docked in Havana as Cuba and the US held historic talks to end a freeze on diplomatic relations.
At the time US officials said the ship's presence was legal and nothing out of the ordinary.
Meanwhile officials at the Pentagon believe the ship will eventually sail south along the US coast and return to the Caribbean, Fox News reported.
In recent weeks it has crossed the Atlantic and stopped in Jamaica as part of a journey that had been planned for months.
US Senator Chris Murphy, a Democrat from Connecticut, expressed concern over the ship's presence.
He wrote on Twitter: "Russia is acting like it has a permission slip to expand influence, test limits of reach. Questions are obvious: does it, and if so, why?"
There have been a number of provocations involving Russia in recent years.
Last Friday four Russian jets flew past a US Navy destroyer, the USS Porter, in the Black Sea, ignoring radio calls from the ship.
The US believes Russia has secretly deployed two battalions of SSC-X-8 cruise missiles, a move that would violate a 1987 treaty.
US-Russia relations have been under intense scrutiny following Trump's victory over Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton last November.
Earlier this week Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned after just three weeks on the job as it emerged that he discussed US sanctions on Russia with Moscow's ambassador to the United States before the president took office and later misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
Flynn was seen in Moscow as a leading advocate of warmer ties with Russia.
A member of Trump's administration said the president knew for weeks that Flynn had misled the White House about his contacts with Russia but did not immediately force him out, Reuters reported.
Trump has suggested there is a media conspiracy and denied the notion of a "Russian connection" in response to a New York Times report which said members of his presidential campaign had contact with Russian intelligence officials.
Trump tweeted on Wednesday: "This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign."
The Kremlin has also denied the reports.
Ashley's three-year-old daughter, Palmer, is cute as all get-out. She's still learning how to speak, so Ashley likes to use her for a little game we like to call “What's Ashley's Daughter Actually Saying?” See if YOU can guess before we give the answer! Listen here!
Posted 9 hours ago
NTVs Trevor Ombija interviews Sospeter Ojaamong and Paul Otuoma on the Busia election irregularities and the repeat of the ODM primaries in Busia.
Members of Canada's Olympic moguls mens and womens teams were training in Penticton this week
Andi Naude of Canadas Olympic moguls team does some training on Apex Mountain at night to simulate the conditions the skiers will be competing on at the Olympics in South Korea. Mark Brett/Western News
Describing the training environment at Apex Mountain a “dream,” the Penticton head coach of the Canadian men's moguls team says his guys are ready to rock the Olympics.
After spending the last 10 days on the local ski hill, Rob Kober, his coaching staff and team members boarded the 6 a.m. flight Thursday at Penticton Regional Airport on the first leg of their journey to Pyeongchang, South Korea and the XXIII Olympic Winter Games.
“It's the perfect course up here on Kristi's Run and we've been enjoying ideal conditions. I can't imagine a better set up for a pre-Olympic camp,” said Kober who has been at the helm of Canada's powerhouse for a dozen years. “The course here is ideal for adding intensity in a relatively safe environment, and we kind of fly under the radar so that helps minimize distractions.
“I think having that kind of environment where everything is ideal on the snow we can insulate the athletes and keep it fun, keep them well-fed and rested and we can do all that here.”
He credits the outstanding programs at Apex over the years for producing top calibre skiers like former Summerland Olympian Kristi Richards and Penticton's Andi Naude, 22, who will be seeing her first action in the Olympics this year on the women's team.
“I'm biased but I think Andi's going to win,” said Kober, whose two sons Jordan and Josh and daughter Chloe are all involved in the sport. “Andi's awesome, she's awesome, can't say enough good stuff about her, and right now she's really peaking at the right time.
“I think Andi's best stuff is the best stuff out there right now.”
Naude joined the national team at age 16 and narrowly missed the cut for the 2014 games in Sochi.
And for his part, if results are any indication of success, Kober is definitely on the right track.
The Canadian men finished one, two in the 2014 Olympics and the silver medalist that year, Mikaël Kingsbury, is back for his third try at a gold.
Kingsbury has been burning up the course on the World Cup this season and is favoured to wind up on the top shelf of the podium this time.
“Mik's been on a terrific tear here for quite a while and hopefully will live up to those expectations,” said Kober.
The Canadian men suffered what he described as a “devastating” blow a couple weeks ago when their number-two guy, Philippe Marquis, tore his ACL at a World Cup event in Deer Valley, Utah.
The injury, however, has not kept the 28-year-old veteran off the skis.
“He trained last night at Apex and he looks great and he's going to try, but it's a pretty terrible injury,” said Kober. “It's been done before but with no ACL it's a pretty aggressive mission.”
With such a strong, experienced team the coach is not planning to come back home empty-handed.
“If I'm honest, nope,” he said about being satisfied without winning a medal. “To be successful we definitely need to come out there with some hardware, that's for sure. At the same time, I would say how we handle failure — hopefully we won't have to — but how we handle that will define our team as much as anything.”
He added: “For me, the way I think about our team, our program and any individual athlete is definitely not going to be defined by the results from any one event, whether it's the Olympic Games or anything else.”
The teams will begin training in Pyeongchang on Feb. 5 with both the men's and women's first qualifying rounds going at night on Feb 8.
The women's second qualifying round and finals will be Feb. 11 and the men's second qualifying and finals are Feb. 12.
On the slopes of Apex Mountain Mikael Kingsbury of the Canadian men's Olympic moguls team does a run during training.
Laurent Dumais of the Canadian mens freestyle moguls team performs his routine against the glare of the night lightes at Apex.
Moguls freestyle skier Audrey Robichaud of the Canadian Olympic team completes a jump with the lights of Apex Mountain Resort in the background.
LYNCHBURG, Va. - Families still affected by the tornado in Lynchburg in April will have new help now.
The United Way of Central Virginia will lead a long-term recovery group.
A few weeks ago, the city said, nonprofit organizations, volunteers, religious organizations and various city departments met with Virginia's Department of Emergency Services to discuss how and when the group will begin helping people.
An EF3 tornado tore through the Hill City in April damaging homes and businesses.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are appealing for witnesses after a crash in Newmarket late on Friday night (August 11) between a pedestrian and a car.
Officers were called by the East of England Ambulance Service shortly after 11pm on the A1304 Barbara Stradbroke Avenue, close to the Links junction.
The crash happened between a blue Jaguar car and a pedestrian, who is a man in his 30s.
The man sustained head, facial and chest injuries and was taken to Addenbrooke's Hospital.
Man knocked unconscious and fractures skull after being hit by Jaguar car
Inspector Mike Hinshelwood of Suffolk Constabulary said: “We got a call from the ambulance about a male who was unconscious. We arrived and are looking at a blue Jaguar car. The car had stopped at the scene.
“A car had hit a pedestrian, who was unconscious and had lacerations to the back of the head. The driver was breathalysed, but was negative and not over the limit. The casualty was taken to Addenbrooke's and was unconscious throughout. He is receiving treatment.”
He said the injuries sustained by the pedestrian are not thought to be life-threatening or life-changing.
Anyone with any information should contact Serious Collision Investigation Team at Suffolk Police on 101 quoting Cads 522 of Friday 11 August.
× Gunman who killed 3 co-workers at UPS had filed grievance over excessive overtime
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A union official says the gunman who shot and killed three people at a UPS warehouse in San Francisco had filed a grievance complaining that he was working excessive overtime.
Joseph Cilia, an official with a local Teamsters Union, says Jimmy Lam's grievance filed in March requested that UPS relieve him of working overtime going forward.
Still, Cilia says Lam, a UPS driver, wasn't angry, and he could not understand why he would open fire on his colleagues at a morning meeting on Wednesday.
Cilium says Lam targeted three fellow UPS drivers. Cilium says two other drivers who were wounded have been released from the hospital and will be OK.
Police say the gunman killed himself after the shooting.
Auckland: The first Test between New Zealand and England, starting at Eden Park in Auckland on Thursday, is the maiden day-night Test in New Zealand and only the ninth worldwide.
Here's what we have learned in the brief history of Test cricket under lights:
HOME ADVANTAGE
Sri Lanka are the only team to win a day-night Test away when they beat Pakistan by 68 runs in Dubai last year. The other seven have all been home-ground victories. Sri Lanka scored 482 and 96 against Pakistan who replied with 262 and 248.
BAGGY GREENS IN THE PINK
Australia have played the most pink-ball Tests and are also the most successful side under day-night conditions with a 4-0 record. England and South Africa have both recorded a win and a loss, while the only other successful teams are Sri Lanka (1-0) and Pakistan (1-2).
MAKING LIGHT OF DUSK
Pakistan opener Azhar Ali showed changing light conditions need not be a problem when he compiled an unbeaten 302 against the West Indies in Dubai in October 2016. He batted for nearly 11 hours for what remains the highest score in a day-night Test. But he went for two in the second innings and five in the first innings of his next Test under lights against Australia two months later.
PAKISTAN PILE ON THE RUNS
The highest score in a pink-ball Test is Pakistan's 579/3 declared in 155.3 overs when Azhar performed his heroics against the West Indies. Pakistan only managed 123 in the second innings - when Devendra Bishoo took 8/49 - but held on to win by 56 runs.
KIWIS' CALL
The first pink-ball Test was played between New Zealand and Australia at Adelaide Oval in November 2015. New Zealand won the toss, elected to bat and ended up losing by three wickets.
NEW DELHI: The Indian Air Force used the recently-concluded Gagan Shakti 2018 exercises to test its preparation and capabilities with scenarios of nuclear and biological warfare. The validation of the IAF's procedures and practices for these two worst-case scenarios was critical to its role in India's nuclear triad - the ability to launch nuclear strikes from land, air and sea.
The IAF is one of the arms of India's triad, with multiple aircraft capable of delivering nuclear warheads. The nuclear weapons themselves are under the control of the Strategic Forces Command, which is a tri-services unit that coordinates the deployment of nuclear weapons with all three armed services. The IAF's capability check would have tested the integration of its command structure with the Strategic Forces Command.
Details however were not available on what sort of capabilities the IAF tested with regard to a possible chemical weapons scenario.
The 13-day Gagan Shakti 2018 exercises also saw the extensive testing of the newly-inducted homemade HAL Tejas supersonic fighter jet. Check the combat capability of the Tejas and its performance was a key area of focus of the exercises. IAF sources told news agency PTI that the performance of the Tejas was satisfactory.
The source said eight Tejas were deployed during the exercise and some of these had reported minor technical issues, adding each of the six Tejas had flown six sorties daily like any other platforms including the Sukhoi Su-30, Mirage 2000 and MiG-29 jets.
The exercises also helped hone the integration of the nuclear-capable hypersonic BrahMos and anti-ship Harpoon missile platforms into their intended strike roles.
The Gagan Shakti exercises also tested the IAF's capabilities in a possible two-front war scenario involving Pakistan and China. The exercises also saw the use of fighter jets stationed on the eastern part of the country for operations on the western seaboard, over the Arabian Sea. The strategic reach was also tested with area domination around the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, which lie at the entry to the Malacca Strait, one of the most important waterways in the world.
The IAF also tested its capabilities at the frontier with China. The region is a challenge because of the high altitudes and capabilities on this front would be critical to any ground operations.
The whole point of the exercises, which are held once in two years, is to test the IAF's combat readiness all at once. That means every single personnel and equipment is put to the test simultaneously, just as it would if the country were at war.
During the exercise, the sources said over 11,000 sorties were flown which included nearly 9,000 sorties by fighter aircraft. The exercise covered all terrains including desert, high altitude areas like Ladakh and maritime sphere.
During combat drills near Sino-India border, the IAF significantly focused on inter valley transfer of troops considering various possible situations of conflict and taking a lesson from the Doklam standoff.
(With inputs from PTI)
The town of Oyster Bay's commuter lots have fewer permit holders while town revenues have increased after a 400 percent fee hike passed in February.
The town has issued 22,030 permit stickers in 2018 under the new pricing compared to 41,202 issued for 2017, according to figures provided by Oyster Bay Town Clerk James Altadonna Jr.'s office, which issues the permits.
The town has 6,447 parking spaces at its commuter lots in Bethpage, Glen Head, Hicksville, Locust Valley, Massapequa and Syosset, figures provided by the town clerk's office show.
Altadonna, who said he was against the fee increase, cited complaints he has received about the higher fees, which were approved by the town board.
“We are now charging more for a service with the inability to provide a parking space,” Altadonna said. Town officials have for years issued more permits than available spaces.
Permits for residents in unincorporated areas are valid for a two-year period running through March 31, 2020, regardless of when they are purchased. Permits for residents of unincorporated villages are valid for a one-year period running through March 31, 2019.
While fewer permits have been issued, revenue has increased under the higher prices to $1.6 million in 2018 from $765,535 for permits issued for the 2017 period, including two-year permits issued in 2016. Under the new pricing, resident permits that had been $20 for two years now cost $100 for non-seniors. Village permits for non-seniors went up to $120 from $80. Senior residents pay discounted prices.
Oyster Bay Deputy Highway Commissioner John Bishop said in January the fee increase could raise an additional $1.5 million annually, if the number of people purchasing the permits stayed the same.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Town Supervisor Joseph Saladino said Monday that the higher prices brought fairness to the parking lots because they are heavily subsidized by taxes.
“It was essential to create a situation where people who use the system pay the maintenance,” Saladino said.
He said the town had created a task force to find ways to increase the number of parking spaces.
Town officials are still looking into how the new fee structure was being implemented and at the revenue generation, Saladino said. “It's still young in the process,” he said.
Commuters getting off the train at the town's Syosset commuter lot earlier this week said they weren't happy about paying more to park, but had nowhere else to go.
“We have to pay more for parking when there hasn't been much done to create more parking,” said Brett Weinblatt , 36, a real estate professional from Syosset. “Finding a parking space every morning is a struggle."
Raymond Lin, 38, an information technology worker from Syosset, said the lot gets filled up around 7:10 a.m. “I don't think there's enough spots."
“I have to park here because I have no choice,” he said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A sadistic boyfriend believed he was the Joker from Batman when he locked his girlfriend in his room and tortured her for ten hours, according to police.
Foreign exchange trader Chaichana Sirichart, 25, trapped Kuldara Yeesaman, 21, in his apartment on Sunday morning and launched a meth-fuelled attack while believing he was the film character.
Chaichana cut the young woman's throat with a kitchen knife, battered her with a broken broom handle and burned her with an iron and hair straighteners.
He also used electricity cables and a camera mount while restraining her with hot clamps and cutting her.
The businessman then broadcast her on Facebook Live in an attempt to stop hundreds of angry customers chasing him for £200,000 in missing fees for his trading courses.
(Image: Viral Press)
(Image: Viral Press)
He tried to make her admit that she had stolen the money.
Kuldara suffered a broken nose, knife wound to the throat, broken right arm, broken left small finger, along with burns and bruises all over her body before cops rescued her in Bangkok, Thailand, on Sunday at 7pm.
Speaking from her hospital bed yesterday, Kuldara told police she had been beaten six times during their eight month relationship - but her family had talked her out of leaving because they thought Chaichana was a "good man".
She said that Chaichana claimed to be possessed by the Joker - played by Heath Ledger in The Dark Knight in 2008 - whenever he went on a meth spree, telling her she was the Joker's woman.
Deputy national police chief Wirachai Songmetta said Kuldara had been severely scarred by the attack but was now recovering.
(Image: Viral Press)
(Image: Viral Press)
He said: "From the interview with the victim, she said that previously there was another relationship but that ended and she had been together with Chaichana Sirichart for eight months. She was beaten six times before.
"During the latest attack, her boyfriend had taken drugs and was having hallucinations. He said that he was the Joker and she was the Joker's woman.
"The weapons he used to abuse her included an iron, curling irons, heaters, rubber hoses, wood handles, and two kitchen knives. He threatened to gouge out her eyes and kill her.
"He liked hurting others and was paranoid. He believed in his head that the girlfriend had someone else, which is not true.
"Prosecutors are now preparing the most serious charge of attempted murder. There are also charges of assault, imprisonment, drug use and computer offences by broadcasting the victim on computer."
(Image: Viral Press)
(Image: Viral Press)
Chaichana broke down in tears yesterday when he was interviewed at a police station, where he was still being held while the effects of the methamphetamine drug wore off.
He claimed that Kuldara had stolen 7.5 million baht (£170,000) he had received in fees for a 15,000 baht a head forex trading course he was running.
The banker said he regretted the attack before claiming Kuldara had cheated on him, and blamed the pressure of being pursued by his angry customers.
Police chief Songmetta added: "Mr Chaichana specialises in forex trading. There are 500 applicants who paid 15,000 baht each for his course.
"These people were not taught and many wanted to prosecute him for fraud. He took out his anger on his girlfriend. It is a lie that the girl stole the money. It was just an excuse for him to punish her."
Genevieve M. Scott of Ridgefield, wife of the late Lawrence Scott, died on Saturday, April 8, 2017 at Bethel Health Care, Bethel, CT.
Mrs. Scott was born in Fairfield, CT, December 2, 1919, a daughter of Stephen and Mary (Plotko) Murcko. She attended Fairfield schools .
A homemaker, Mrs. Scott was a resident of Ridgefield for the past seventy years and a member of St. Mary's Parish.
She is survived by three sons, Guy Scott, Edward Scott and Stephen Scott; a daughter, Mary Rose Sitar; eleven grandchildren; great grandchildren and nieces and nephews.
In addition to her parents, siblings and husband, Mrs. Scott was predeceased by a son, Lawrence “Larry” Scott.
A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated on Wednesday, April 19, 2017 at 10:15 a.m. in St. Mary Church, Ridgefield.
Burial will follow in St. Mary Cemetery, Ridgefield.
The family will receive friends in the Kane Funeral Home, 25 Catoonah St., Ridgefield Tuesday, April 18, from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gemma Collins has long been a campaigner for the body acceptance movement, and what better way to rock that confidence than to stand up in the middle of a public place and whip off your swimsuit?
That's exactly what the gorgeous TOWIE babe did on holiday in Spain, as she relaxed in the sun with friends.
The 37-year-old blonde bombshell was spotted by fans soaking up the sun at a posh hotel in Marbella, where she was staying with friends for a quick break.
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
Wearing a hot pink one-piece swimsuit and matching cat-eye shades, Gemma laid on a poolside sunlounger to catch the rays.
She was spotted by a group of fans and cheerfully took selfies with them when they approached her.
Later, after her sunbathing sesh, Gemma decided to treat herself to a massage to get rid of the stresses and strains of the day.
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
Looking gorgeous in her hot pink costume, Gemma headed to the massage tent where two hotel employees greeted her.
She climbed up on the massage table and lay face down for the expert masseuses to work their magic.
After a while, she sat up straight and removed the neck strap of her swimsuit, rolling it down so the professionals could get to work on her neck and shoulders.
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
Feeling totally relaxed, Gemma didn't seem at all worried about flashing her bare boobs to all and sundry who were gathered around the nearby pool.
The TOWIE star has been a source of inspiration for those feeling less than confident about their own bodies, and has built her brand on the back of body acceptance.
Although some fans may have been taken aback by her most recent Instagram post, which showed her plugging a weight loss product that claims to "banish naughty cravings" and help those excess pounds melt away.
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
Sharing a Boomerang video of herself pouting while holding up a sachet of the BoomBod shot, Gemma wrote: "Back to WERK first things first here @boombod to start my day."
While she didn't make it clear it was an advert, many fans suspected she was being paid to promote it.
It came after Gemma revealed the hurt she felt when people assumed her boyfriend James 'Arg' Argent had been piling the weight back on because of her.
"I have never eaten in Nando's so much since I've been with James," she told Closer magazine, adding that he'll come home to their shared house and drag her out to a restaurant.
"He said to me, now that he lives with me, he sees what I eat and feels bad that I struggle with my weight. It's not me force-feeding him, it's James who's the overindulgent one and that does hurt me when people are saying James is putting on weight because of me."
maxuser
Normally, currents in the Gulf carry water from the muddy Mississippi River from the coast of Louisiana all the way down to the upper Texas coast and Galveston. This is why the surf in Galveston is usually a bit brown. It's healthy for fish and marine life, but not as pretty as we humans sometimes like.
maxuser
Every now and then, the currents shift. A central gulf counter current expands. The flow down the coast from the Mississippi stops. The water clears up and man is it a treat. I don't know know much longer this phenomenon will last, but I'm heading down to the water this weekend to see for myself. Cheers Galveston!
Copyright 2006
© 2018 KHOU
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chris Hughton claims that Jose Mourinho has a "wonderful way" of dealing with pressure.
Manchester United boss Mourinho has faced criticism for his public berating of left-back Luke Shaw over the weekend following United's 2-0 win over Hughton's Brighton.
Mourinho cast doubt over Shaw's future at the club by hauling him off at half-time then blasting him during his TV interview after the game, report the Manchester Evening News.
It has seen the Portuguese's methods question by fans and pundits with some going as far as claiming his handling of the former Southampton defender constitutes bullying.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Hughton, however, has nothing but respect for Mourinho.
He told the official Brighton website : “Jose has managed at some big, big clubs, and at all of those clubs, there is pressure, it comes with the territory.
“But he has a wonderful way of dealing with that pressure, and when you manage these sorts of clubs, you've got to be used to that.
(Image: PA)
“You'll never get anyone saying something detrimental about Jose - he's an outstanding manager.
“Whenever I've been in his presence, he's always been very good company. He's always spoked really well about us when we've played here.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspected paedophile accused of trying to rape a 10-year-old girl was tied to a pole and brutally flogged by an angry mob.
The man, identified as Kushal Sharma, was left with deep cuts after the beating in northern India.
He is alleged to have tried to attack the young girl in a field in the village of Juliasar in Rajasthan.
His co-workers at a laundrette reportedly heard her screaming, and rushed out to rescue her.
A large group quickly formed and shaved Sharma's head and tore his shirt off before tying him up and thrashing him.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
A video shows a young man flogging him on the torso and head with a length of rope, but reports in India claim he was also hit with electrical wire and sticks for around half an hour.
Sharma is also seen in the video being untied and then punched in the face.
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
(Image: CEN)
By the time police arrived, it is claimed, the suspect and his family had disappeared from their home, and a criminal case has not been opened.
It is not clear from the video how the incident ended, and the whereabouts of Sharma and his family remain unknown.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Andrea McLean was left squirming today after learning what happens when you go to the loo in space.
Appearing on Loose Women to promote his new children's book Beyond the Sky: You and the Universe, funnyman Dara O Briain revealed what really happens to human waste, and it wasn't a pretty tale.
Explaining that they have an "uncomfortable suction thing" he said, "It used to be a bag and that was awful. Those guys Buzz Aldrin had it terrible, that was an unpleasant thing. Now there's a special seat they sit on.
"The poo gets bagged up and shot out of the window essentially and burns up," he said, joking that it becomes a shooting star.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
"What if you do both at the same time?" questioned horrified host Andrea McLean, clearly locked on.
Revealing that wee actually gets recycled into drinking water, he teased her for being more "obsessed" than the school kids he goes out and talks to.
Meanwhile, the 48-year-old Scottish presenter is still on cloud nine after tying the knot with businessman Nick Feeney on Sunday 30 November.
The happy couple were proclaimed husband and wife in front of friends, family, and other Loose Women presenters (not Katie Price).
But Andrea revealed the day wasn't without drama - and the wedding nearly didn't go ahead at all.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
She explained that she had Britain's Next Top Model star and fashion photographer Nicky Johnston do the photos on her big day.
"I've known him for 20 years and he was a witness at the registry office," she explained.
"We chatted before about the wedding ceremony and you know that bit where they say, 'Does anyone know any reason why the wedding should not go ahead?'
"He said he always wanted to say something.
"When it got to that bit he went well… actually he did!
"And the registrar stopped the wedding and she said this is a legal binding ceremony and what you just said means this whole thing could be cancelled right now.
"There was an awkwardly long pause before she said: 'But I'll let you carry on.'"
(Image: Instagram/iamsairakhan)
(Image: Instagram/staceysolomon)
(Image: Instagram/iamsairakhan)
"At the time it was terrible but now it's hilarious," she said.
"Nicky it was one of the funniest bits of the day."
Andrea also explained that the family dog Jackson collapsed two days before the wedding.
"We didn't tell the kids because they'd get too upset," she said.
"He had a bone condition and a heart condition and they had to operate.
"They wanted to do it on the wedding day but we got them to do it the day after.
"Now he's good and he's home, thankfully."
Marines assigned to Charlie Company, 1st Battalion, 3rd Marine Regiment, patrol while participating in a live fire company assault course during Integrated Training Exercise (ITX) 2-17 at Range 400, aboard Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center, Twentynine Palms, California, Feb. 8, 2017. ITX is a combined-arms exercise which gives all elements of the Marine Air Ground Task Force an opportunity to utilize capabilities during large scale missions to become a more ready fighting force. 1/3 is currently participating as the ground combat element for this exercise. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron S. Patterson/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:51 Photo ID: 3166300 VIRIN: 170208-M-QH615-026 Resolution: 5472x3648 Size: 6.98 MB Location: MCAGCC, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 1st Battalion, 3rd Marines tear up Range 400 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Southgate has claimed his long term ambition is to make England the best team in the world.
Three Lions boss Southgate says he can take inspiration from England's rugby heroes winning the World Cup in 2003.
Southgate believes his team is better than their current place of 13th in the FIFA rankings but admits his lofty target will be a tall order after the disastrous Euros campaign.
In an interview with Sky, Southgate said: "We are currently ranked 13th in the world. Respectfully in the last two tournaments we went out in the group stage and then the first knockout stage, and we are at a moment where we have 30 per cent of English players playing in the Premier League.
"So there are a lot of obstacles. But our long-term target is to become the No 1 team in the world. I always look at the England rugby team that won the World Cup in 2003, and they went into that tournament as the number one team.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Michael Regan - The FA)
"They had to go from fifth to first, we have to go from 13th to first. I'm not 100 per cent certain how long that takes, but we have to keep continuously improving all the time."
Southgate also made it clear he would be willing to go into battle for Manchester United starlet Marcus Rashford in a potential club versus country row at the end of the season.
Former under-21s boss Southgate has always tried to persuade young players to gain tournament but the prospect of Rashford going back down to the under-21s for next summer's Championships is unlikely to please United.
Plus there is the dilemma of whether players should go back to the u-21s.
Southgate added: "I'm tempted to say that I will pinch all their best players and leave them to get on with it. We made good strides with Roy in terms of our dialogue around when players would move up and when they would go back down to the U21s," Southgate said.
"The advantage I have over Roy is that I know all those players really well and that gives me a bit more of an insight as to exactly where they are.
"If I looked at a young player who we believe will have a future with the senior team, you would want him to have tournament experience and Marcus doesn't really have that yet at any of our age groups.
"For his overall and international development, that would be a good thing.
Again I have to balance that with how many games he plays for Man United, because he's still physically developing at his age and we have to make sure that call is correct.
"I think he's aware that is part of the plan, but those decisions will have to be finalised come April or May."
New Delhi: A court here on Monday sent four Kashmiri separatists, arrested on charges of receiving funds from Pakistan to sponsor terror activities and stone-pelting in Jammu and Kashmir, to 14-day judicial custody.
During the in-camera proceedings, Metropolitan Magistrate Pankaj Sharma send Nayeem Khan, Altaf Ahmad Shah, Raja Mehrajuddin Kalwal and Bashir Ahmad Bhat alias Peer Saifullah to judicial custody till August 28.
They were presented before the court after the expiry of their 10-day National Investigation Agency (NIA) custody.
On July 24, the NIA arrested them on charges of criminal conspiracy and waging war against India.
Altaf Ahmad Shah is the son-in-law of Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani, who advocates Jammu and Kashmir`s merger with Pakistan. Islam is a close aide of Hurriyat leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq.
Ayaz Akbar is the spokesperson for the Geelani-led Hurriyat.
An F-35 flight simulator sits dormant during a media event at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 15, 2017. The media event was put together as an opportunity for local Japanese reporters to get a first-hand look at how the simulators train pilots and enhance readiness. The simulators increase safety, proficiency and allow pilots to dynamically train without placing additional mechanical stress on the aircraft leading to safer flights. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:22 Photo ID: 3166514 VIRIN: 170215-M-ON157-0099 Resolution: 4849x3233 Size: 8.91 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 11 Downloads: 3 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Local media gains new insight [Image 1 of 17], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour are celebrating after winning the Crewe East by-election yesterday to ensure all three seats in the ward on Cheshire East stayed red.
Joy Bratherton comfortably won the seat polling 1,174 votes with the Tories a long way behind in second with Mary Addison gaining 542 votes.
Ukip saw its vote effectively collapse with candidate Eddie Ankers polling just 158 votes while Green Party candidate Melanie English came fourth with 59 votes.
Newly elected Cllr Bratherton said: “The collapse of the minor parties benefited us.”
She said the three Labour councillors in Crewe East would now be targeting those areas in the ward which most needed support saying: “In the weeks leading up to the election my colleagues and I, assisted by Labour Party activists and MPs from across the country, visited every street in the ward and knocked on thousands of doors. We listened to the residents we spoke to and have taken on board their ideas and suggestions as to how we can make ourselves more visible and accessible.
“I was pleased to win the election with 60.7% of the votes cast and to see the Labour vote share increase. Once again I send my thanks to the residents of Crewe East and pledge to them my loyalty and hard work.”
Labour polled 60.7% of the vote, the Conservatives 28%, Ukip 8.2% and the Green Party 3.1%.
KARACHI: Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) will stop flights to the United States from October 31.
According to a private media outlet's report, the officials have taken this decision due to heavy losses the country's flagship carrier was incurring—the losses were estimated to be over Rs 1.25 billion annually.
After October 31, the airline will no longer book US flights through its reservation system.
PIA had been operating flights to the US since 1961 without any disruption. A total of five weekly flights to New York and three other US cities were being operated.
The same reason had forced the airline to ponder upon the option of closing its operations in the US in past too but the political pressure it faced each time hindered its plans, according to the report.
These flights were beneficial to some politicians holding dual citizenship, top government officials and pilots so they exerted pressure on the airline to not stop its US flight operations.
After stopping direct flights to the US, PIA will enter into a code-sharing agreement with an American airline. US-bound passengers will be flown to London, where they will then be transferred to the American airline which will take them to the US.
Sgt. Christian Eskridge, a combat engineer with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, climbs down a ladder after fixing a curtain in a cathedral at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:25 Photo ID: 3083006 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-130 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 12.26 MB Location: CATANIA, IQ Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 'mutant pig' born with two bodies and eight legs has died just minutes after being born.
Farmer Gao Baiqi, who owns the sow, said the piglet appeared to have been joined to a parasitic twin.
Gao said he had "never ever seen anything like it" after the pig was born with underdeveloped skin and numerous extra limbs.
Gao, who lives in Fe County in Linyi City in China's eastern Shandong Province, spotted the little piglet among the rest of the sow's litter after they were born.
(Image: AsiaWire)
He said the animal kicked and struggled, and Gao had planned to hand-rear it before it suddenly stopped breathing.
"Besides having one head, two bodies and eight legs, the piglet appeared normal and had all other organs," Gao said.
"I had prepared milk and wanted to feed it myself, but it died in a few minutes," he added.
(Image: AsiaWire)
Gao has yet to find a scientific explanation for his "mutant piggy", but reports said the birth defect was likely the result of an egg that had not split properly - similar to human conjoined twins.
Gao buried the piglet on his farm - after showing it to curious residents living nearby.
In June a 'freak' piglet with two heads was saved from slaughter by a kind-hearted farmer who decided to keep it as a pet.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The farm animal was separated from its siblings in the same litter at birth and is now being raised on the side.
Footage from the farm in China shows the pig is able to walk around on its own despite its bizarre conjoined head.
It still appears slightly unstable and wobbles as it tries to orientate itself with its eyes - of which there are two on either side of its two heads.
The third and fourth eyes appear not to have developed properly and would have been somewhere in the middle of the two heads.
Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.
Rapper Meek Mill plans attend Tuesday night's Philadelphia 76ers playoff game, according to a spokesman for Michael Rubin, a minority owner of the team who has been among the imprisoned rapper's biggest supporters.
Ron Berkowitz, an aide to Rubin, said in a telephone interview Tuesday afternoon that “the plan is to bring [Mill] to the game.” The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered Mill — incarcerated since November — immediately released on bail, citing city prosecutors' position that the rapper is entitled to a new trial for his decade-old conviction and their lack of opposition to his release on bail.
Berkowitz also tweeted that Mill's plan was to attend the game, although it was not immediately clear how quickly Mill might be able to get out of a state prison in Chester and to the Wells Fargo Center. The game against the Miami Heat tips off at 8 p.m., and the Sixers would move on to the second round of the playoffs with a win.
The Philadelphia-born Mill, an avid Sixers fan, posted an Instagram photo shortly after the court's order Tuesday, saying: “Let's go Sixers.”
Let's go @sixers A post shared by Meek Mill (@meekmill) on Apr 24, 2018 at 12:59pm PDT
Mill had been imprisoned since November, when Common Pleas Judge Genece E. Brinkley sentenced him to two to four years in prison for probation violations related to a decade-old conviction on gun and drug charges.
Rubin became one of his most public backers, and several Sixers players — including Joel Embiid, Ben Simmons, and Markelle Fultz — also were outspoken in support of him while he was behind bars.
Zach Berman covers the Eagles. He also appears regularly on Comcast SportsNet. He previously wrote for the Washington Post and Newark Star-Ledger, and was a contributor for the New York Times.
It was not lost on Eagles executive Joe Douglas that when the starters took the field in the Super Bowl, there were six players who went undrafted out of college.
The Eagles' leading receiver in the Super Bowl was rookie running back Corey Clement, who went seven rounds without hearing his named called last April. Their leading rusher was LeGarrette Blount, who was not one of the 255 draft picks in 2010. The Patriots' 100-yard receivers in the Super Bowl included Danny Amendola and Chris Hogan – both undrafted.
For all the attention that will be devoted to the draft this week, another part of the Eagles' team building will also come on Saturday evening when the draft is finished and the scouts will be dogged in trying to lure undrafted players to Philadelphia on free agent contracts.
One problem: Douglas expects the process to be more challenging this year. One would think that with the Eagles owning only six draft picks, undrafted players would see more opportunity in Philadelphia. There could be less competition to compete with for roster spots, unless the Eagles accumulate more picks in the draft. But Douglas worries that players and agents would see a deep, playoff-caliber roster and think there's more opportunity elsewhere. Douglas wants his scouts to combat this perception.
“You would think because we're coming off a Super Bowl and we don't have a second- or third-round pick that it would be a lot easier after the draft,” Douglas said. “But my experience coming off a Super Bowl, it's sometimes harder to get guys to commit to your roster because agents and players have a perceived notion that it's going to be that much tougher to make your team. It's going to be a challenge for us, and we know it, and we're going to attack it, and I think our guys are going to do a great job recruiting some of these guys who slip through the cracks like we did last year. But it is going to be a challenge because there's going to be some guys who think there's a tougher shot of making the team.”
One way the Eagles can combat this is by being aggressive with guaranteed money offered to undrafted players, which they have done in recent years. All 32 teams are restricted by the same total signing bonus they're allowed to distribute, known as the “undrafted rookie reservation.” But there's no restriction on how much of a rookie's salary they can guarantee. In 2016, the Eagles offered two of the league's three largest guarantees to undrafted players, according to ESPN. In 2017, Clement received the second-highest guarantee of any undrafted player, according to USA Today.
The risk in offering large guarantees is that undrafted players face long odds to make the team. If they're not on the roster, the team is on the hook for the guaranteed money. However, because of offsetting language, the team's obligation would be diminished by the salary of a contract a player signs if he joins a roster or practice squad elsewhere. So if the Eagles identify and sign undrafted rookies who are NFL-caliber players, they can mitigate the risk.
“When you look at the percentage of rosters taken up by undrafted free agents, outside of first-round picks, I think it's the highest percentage of players on rosters,” Eagles executive Howie Roseman said in 2016 about the guaranteed money the Eagles offered to undrafted players. “For us, we felt like we needed to throw darts at that pool of guys that we liked. And it's hard to recruit undrafted free agents after the draft. You are competing against 31 other teams. We looked at the amount of resources we put into that and if we can get a couple guys out of it, how it would work for us. We're hopeful that it's not just now that it works, but going forward some of those guys are guys that can contribute to our football.”
Throwing darts is an appropriate analogy, because it's hard to hit big on undrafted free agents. In the two years of the Roseman-Doug Pederson regime, the Eagles have kept five undrafted rookies on their initial 53-man rosters. The Eagles' 2018 roster will feature key players that were overlooked on draft day; players like Jason Peters, Michael Bennett, Chris Maragos, Rodney McLeod, Paul Worrilow and Clement, among others. Even Pederson carved out a 14-year career after going undrafted in 1991 and maintains a soft spot for undrafted players.
When the draft is finished on Saturday, the Eagles will look to add to that list.
Get insights on the Eagles delivered straight to your inbox with Early Birds, beat writer Zach Berman's newsletter for Eagles fans. Click here to sign up.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The One Show is looking for driving couples to get behind the wheel for a feature on the show.
The filming is taking place at Gloucester Services on Tuesday, February 6 and you'll get to drive in the latest BMW and Tesla cars.
Unfortunately, the applications are only open to University of Gloucestershire students with full driving licenses.
The filming will take a few hours on Tuesday afternoon and involves testing out new car technology.
The new gadgets mean drivers can park their cars remotely from their smart phone.
The advert on the University of Gloucestershire student union website says: "We are currently looking for a student couple, who both have full driving licenses, to take part in one of our short films.
"The film is about a new law which is coming into play which allows for drivers to use their smartphones to park their cars and we would like some people to come and test out the new tech.
"We will have the latest BMW and Tesla showing off the tech, with our presenter Dom Littlewood."
Pound shop set to close in Cheltenham with a HUGE closing down sale
Travel will be paid for and you'll be the envy of your mates when you appear on primetime telly.
Call Zain on 07990770714 if you are interested.
click to enlarge
"Public history and family stories intertwine for an imaginative retelling of the pivotal role played by 250 newly escaped slaves struggling for freedom during the Civil War in South Carolina. Drawing on community memories and the stories of descendants who participated in the raid, the podcast beautifully tells the engaging but little acknowledged story of the planning and execution (behind Confederate troop lines) of the event, which led to the freeing of 750 enslaved men, women, and children."
"So you know growing up in Charleston, SC, to me, the song was just — everywhere. It was in the ether. If you were walking down the street you might pass a, a wedding — you'd hear the song, or if someone scored a touchdown at a football game. Hell, you'd actually hear people whistling it."
"Um, and so, that was like, 'we might be doing something wrong.' [laughs] That's what I felt, in that moment. I was like, 'This — the irony is not lost on me that we are at a plantation playing fiddle and banjo for an all-white audience in Charleston, South Carolina.'
And I was like, this is so palatable; they love it because it makes them feel comfortable.
I walked through the crowd to go and get something to eat from one of the concession stands, and I don't know how many times I heard the n-word, like as I walked through the crowd.
It was soul-crushing."
Uncivil, a popular history podcast hosted by journalists Jack Hitt (a Charleston native ) and assistant Professor at Clemson and Chenjerai Kumanyika, describes itself as a podcast that "ransacks the official version of the Civil War, and takes on the history you grew up with."We're already hooked. And if that dispelling of Southern mythology sounds good to you, we've got even better news — the podcast just took home a Peabody Award, which honors enlightening and invigorating stories in TV, radio, and online media.Uncivil specifically took home the Peabody for their episode, 'The Raid,' which tells the (real life) story of "a group of ex-farmers, a terrorist from Kansas, and a schoolteacher" who "attempted the greatest covert operation of the Civil War." The Peabody award description goes into more detail, adding:Uncivil homes in on specific stories from the Civil War, many of which, for obvious reasons, have close ties to Charleston. One of the podcast's hosts, Hitt, grew up in Charleston, and uses the city as a reference point in many episodes. And the (incredible) music in each episode is part of a collaboration with local musicians Ann Caldwell and the Magnolia Singers.In "The Song," an episode about "Dixie," also known as "Dixie's Land" and "I Wish I Was in Dixie," Hitt talks about the prevalence of the song in his childhood in the Lowcountry.In the same episode, founding member of Carolina Chocolate Drops, Justin Robinson, talks about playing a bluegrass festival at Boone Hall, "'We got to the festival grounds. ... We got into the property, I was asleep in the van, and I sat up straight. Because I didn't know, at this point, I didn't know where the gigs were — I just got in the van and shut up. And I was like, 'Where are we?' My spirit felt wrong. And, once we pulled up, I was like, 'Oh!'"Robinson and the Chocolate Drops performed "Dixie," a song he says they'd decided to include in their shows as an act of reclamation, to an all-white audience. He says:Stay up-to-date with Uncivil episodes online at uncivil.show.
Little Luna got a new sibling today! No, not the human kind—though Chrissy Teigen told us in the November issue of InStyle that her uterus will be implanted with a frozen embryo very soon, as she and husband John Legend try for a second child.
Until we're blessed with another adorable kid from Teigen and Legend, the newest member of the household will definitely do. The family has added a bulldog puppy to their brood, and it's so, so cute. Sorry Pippa and Puddy, you definitely have some competition.
Teigen shared a photo and a video of the puppy on her Instagram account, and you may need to brace yourself for the impending onslaught of adorable.
RELATED: Chrissy Teigen's #1 Thanksgiving Tip Is Basically Sacrilegious
In the photo she posted, Luna and the puppy are getting acquainted. The one-year-old sits in front of the pup in just a diaper as she pets the dog. "what happens at lip sync battle does not always stay at lip sync battle @caseypattersontv @llcoolj," Teigen wrote alongside the cute 'gram.
what happens at lip sync battle does not always stay at lip sync battle @caseypattersontv @llcoolj A post shared by chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) on Oct 6, 2017 at 2:06pm PDT
She then shared a video, and it really needs no introduction. Teigen films the puppy waddling towards her as she calls its name, which is Pepper!
A post shared by chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen) on Oct 6, 2017 at 2:15pm PDT
Mumbai: Disha Patani seems to be a big fan of Beyonce and one of her Instagram posts is a proof. The pretty girl, who made her Bollywood debut with Sushant Singh Rajput starrer MS.Dhoni: The Untold Story, posted a video to showcase her dancing skills.
And boy, she nails the performance.
Check out the video shared by Disha here.
"Wanted to make this for a very long time, just for fun, a tribute to my idol @beyonce thanks @jamesdance_ for teaching me the block and @shariquealy for the cool edit #beyonce #beychella (sic)."
Disha proves that she can burn the dance floor and make people's jaw drop.
The actress, who is rumoured to be dating Tiger Shroff, has a bagged a role in Salman Khan's upcoming film Bharat which also stars Priyanka Chopra, Sunil Grover and Aasif Sheikh.
In the film, Disha, who is just a couple of films old, will essay the character of a trapeze artist. The film will be directed by Ali Abbas Zafar and produced by Salman's brother-in-law Atul Agnihotri.
She has also been roped in by makers of a film starring Hrithik Roshan. However, there has been no official announcement regarding the same.
Disha is basking in the success of her latest release (her second film) Baaghi 2, starring her Tiger. The film is one of the most successful films of the year.
For the unversed, Disha began her acting career with a Telugu film titled Loafer in 2015. She has also shared screen space with legendary Chinese actor Jackie Chan in Kung Fu Yoga, an Indo-Chinese joint production in 2017.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Michael Oliver will next charge of next month's FA Cup final between Chelsea and Manchester United.
The 33-year-old will be assisted by Lee Betts and Ian Hussin, while Lee Mason will be the fourth official for the Wembley showpiece on May 19.
Oliver said: "I was very proud and humbled to receive the phone call.
"When you start out, taking charge of the Cup Final is not something you even think about. As your career progresses it becomes a realistic target but it's not a call you ever expect to take. This opportunity only comes around once in a referee's career.
"It's funny how things work out because the 1994 Final between Manchester United and Chelsea is the first one I remember watching. And now here I am taking charge of those two teams in an FA Cup Final 24 years later."
(Image: Reuters)
Neil Swarbrick will be on VAR duty, assisted by Mick McDonough - the first time video replays have been used in the showpiece event.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades. He is believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Come and try fencing for free. New Introductory Fencing Clinics are now available at the Ridgefield Recreation Center. Child ages 8 to 12 meet on Mondays from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. Student ages 13 to adult meet on Mondays from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. Adult ages 50 and older meet on Saturdays from 7:30 to 8:30 a.m. To reserve your free trial class, call 203-431-2755.
Do your kids love to cook? Our Gourmet Chefs program is for children ages 6 to 10. Register for our Donut Bar class that runs from May 3 to June 7 and meets on Wednesdays from 4:45 to 5:45 at the Recreation Center. Students will enjoy making flavors like Mexican hot chocolate, lemon blueberry glazed, and more.
Join fitness instructors Alicia and Jeannine for our Backyard Battle/Adult Field Day on Saturday, April 22, from 10:30 to 11:30 at the recreation center. It will include classic events like tug of war, relay races, obstacle courses, and more. You can sign up as an individual or with a team of four. The event is free for recreation center members and $10 for non-members. To reserve your spot, call 203-431-2755.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Walford will turn into a war zone as battle lines are drawn between two Albert Square heavyweights.
On the other end of the scale, two star-crossed lovers enjoy a steamy romp - much to the dismay of a certain teen yob.
But what else can you expect from EastEnders next week? Here's the lowdown...
Halfway returns - but he's hiding a big secret from Whitney
Whitney (Shona McGarty) and the Carters are delighted as Halfway surprises them his return . However, as they celebrate his return, they all notice that he is injured and an embarrassed Halfway makes an excuse about him being clumsy.
Remembering what he did to save the Queen Vic, Mick (Danny Dyer) and Linda (Kellie Bright) are incredibly grateful to Halfway and offer him Shirley's room as somewhere to stay.
(Image: 5699)
Mick encourages Whitney and Halfway (Tony Clay) to spend some time together. Whitney is clearly feeling the love and tries to seduce him but her techniques fall flat and she gives him some time alone.
Later in the week, Whitney tries again, only to be pushed away. Convinced that he is hiding something, Whitney confronts him and he finally tells her part of the truth, but he is still clearly holding something back.
Eventually, Whitney discovers the whole story and is shocked.
What's his secret?
Jack Branning and Mel Owen enjoy a steamy night of passion
Jack Branning and Mel Owen will finally act on the sexual tension that has been simmering between them for months - by ripping each other's clothes off.
But, unsurprisingly, Mel's son Hunter isn't too pleased with the development - so is their love doomed before it's even started?
Of course, in typical Walford fashion, it all begins with a furious row.
(Image: 5701)
Mel (Tamzin Outhwaite) is left fuming by Billy Mitchell's incompetence as he continues to mess up at work.
Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) and Woody (Lee Ryan) are taken aback by Mel's harsh tone but she clearly feels guilty later when she decides to throw Billy (Perry Fenwick) a surprise Birthday party.
But it all backfires when Mel attempts to persuade Honey to come along and Billy is furious at Mel for interfering. After Billy blows up at Mel she storms off.
Mel doesn't get a break, however, as she is soon confronted by Jack as he tries to get her to make things up with Honey.
As their row become increasingly heated, so do their smoldering gazes. Soon enough, the pair tear into each other's clothes...
Nasty feud for Max Branning and Phil Mitchell
It's going to get nasty in Albert Square when Phil Mitchell hatches a cunning revenge plot on Max Branning with the help of his wife Sharon and fellow mechanic Keanu Taylor.
Phil tried to bribe his nemesis away from the Square after finding out that Max bought his old car lot.
Will he succeed?
Also...
Donna pressures Kim for information on Vincent's whereabouts
Billy tries it on with Honey again
Phil leaves Kim suspicious when he gives her cash and says it was for the car Vincent gave him
Sharon gives a patronising customer a piece of her mind
*EastEnders airs Mondays and Fridays at 8pm and Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7.30pm on BBC One
SHAFTSBURY, Vt. (AP) - The Robert Frost Stone House Museum is ready to reopen under new ownership.
The Friends of Robert Frost announced last September that it was donating the house, seven acres of property, and two barns to Bennington college.
It's due to open for the season on May 3.
The Benning Banner reports that Frost purchased the house in 1920 and lived there until 1929. He was living in the house when he won his first Pulitzer Prize, as well as when he composed many of his poems, including "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening."
Frost's house will remain open to the public but also will be incorporated into college programs and studies.
___
Information from: Bennington Banner, http://www.benningtonbanner.com
The remains of Tropical Depression Alberto are moving across the Midwest, causing rainstorms across the Chicago area and some flooding in the western and northwestern suburbs.A flood warning is in effect for most of the west and northwest suburbs. DuPage County in particular has seen some heavy rains, and main roads in west suburban Villa Park and Elmhurst have been flooded shut.In Elgin, a lightning strike may have caused a fire on the roof of a business in the 700-block of Tollgate Road, officials said.Fire officials said they received a call shortly after 5 p.m. Witnesses said they saw a flash of lightning and then smelled smoke in the building, and saw smoke coming from the roof.The fire was extinguished in about 20 minutes. No one was injured.ABC7 Meteorologist Phil Schwarz said the rain is weakening as it moves east, and has been lighter in the city.Isolated thunderstorms are possible through the night. The rain is expected to end around 10 p.m., giving way to a hot and muggy Thursday.
ROCKVILLE, Conn. (WTNH) — The Ellington man charged with killing his wife in their home back in 2015 faced a judge on Monday.
Richard Dabate was arraigned in Rockville Superior Court on charges he murdered his wife, tampered with evidence and lied to investigators. Connecticut State Police troopers arrested Dabate on Friday.
Investigators say they believe Dabate shot and killed his wife two days before Christmas, but tried to blame the crime on an armed intruder.
The arrest warrant shows Dabate admitted he was having an affair with a woman who he impregnated.
The judge kept Dabate's bond at $1 million.
SCRANTON — Abington Heights picked up two early pins and defeated Scranton Prep, 47-26, in a Lackawanna League wrestling match Feb. 14.
Scott Jacoby pinned Prep's Connor Chernesky in 2:50 in the 120-pound bout to give Abington Heights a 6-0 lead and Noah Johnson followed with a pin over Nicholas Gialorenzi in 3:50 in the 126-pound bout to give the Comets a 12-0 advantage.
“They both looked good,” Abington Heights head coach Steve Peters said. “Scott was a starter for us last year as a freshman and he's been consistent all the way through. It was great to see Noah get a pin. When he gets going, he's a good pinner.”
Abington Heights' Jacob Rosenstein defeated Pat Mariotti by technical fall in the 132-pound bout and Sean Myers followed with a forfeit win at 138 to give the Comets a commanding 23-0 lead.
Scranton Prep registered its first points of the match when Biagio D'Appolinio pinned Sam Northup with just four seconds left in the 145-pound bout. Northup took a 4-3 with 22 seconds left in the bout.
Prep's Mike Welsh pinned Abington Heights' Eric Jacoby in 5:37 in the 152-pound bout, but Abington Heights still held a 23-12 lead.
Abington Heights' Chris Langan won an 11-5 decision over Tommy Carroll in the 160-pound bout, and the Comets led 26-12.
Scranton Prep's Bruce Parola followed with a 4-2 decision in overtime over Owen Hivner in the 170-pound bout.
Hivner led by one point after the first period, Parola tied the bout in the second, and after a scoreless three period Parola claimed the win in extra time.
Abington Heights took a 32-15 lead when Aidan Price pinned Prep's Andrew Huertas, in 4:33, in the 182-pound bout.
In the 195-pound bout, Abington Heights' Adam Wellard picked up a 7-6 decision over Prep's Ivan Balavage, who entered the match with a 21-1 record. The bout was tied 5-5 after the first period, and after a scoreless second Wellard earned two key points early in the third.
“I've wrestled Ivan before and I know he's a real good wrestler,” Wellard said. “I was just trying to do my best and get some points. I got a good five-point move in the beginning that really helped.
“Abington and Prep have always had a long rivalry. It feels good to come out on top.”
Abington Heights clinched the match when R.J. Knott pinned Luke Doherty, in 4:11, in the 220-pound bout to give the Comets a 41-15 lead.
The Comets registered their fifth fall of the night when Logan Hivner pinned Will McGregor in 1:28 in the 285-pound bout.
“Logan's had a great season,” Peters said. “He has 24 pins, which is phenomenal, and he's always one to count on for big team points. I predicted this match to be closer than it was, but in a duel with pins, every point counts.”
Scranton Prep claimed the last two bouts of the match. Dan Matthews won by forfeit at 106 pounds and Sammy Segers downed Bill Peters by technical fall in the 113-pound bout.
http://theabingtonjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_web1_ABJ-AH-Wrestling.jpg
By Robert Tomkavage rtomkavage@timesleader.com
Reach Robert Tomkavage at 570-704-3941 or on Twitter @rtomkavage.
Reach Robert Tomkavage at 570-704-3941 or on Twitter @rtomkavage.
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First she glides a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around his body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
She then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to his wheelchair, from his wheelchair.
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair, and when he slumps a bit too far, his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up. That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” she says about her struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to him now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because her face bows in tears.
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like her brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with her nephew, whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother, tease him and confirm with him what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, she says.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting him out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct his own care. He can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, she rushes to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals, brush his teeth, turn him so he doesn't get bed sores, scratch him when he's itchy, shower him and on and on.
“I can't get her recharged. She doesn't know what that is,” Jin says.
As her mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including his discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. He spends hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at him and tap his knee.
When he was told he had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when she explains why.
“What he's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand, his right, on his computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at his home, Alex's humour often breaks through his damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” he says.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
TOYOTA, Japan — Yuya Osako and Shu Kurata scored second-half goals Friday as Japan beat New Zealand 2-1 in a friendly.
With three minutes left, Kurata scored with a header off a pass from Hiroki Sakai.
New Zealand managed to keep Japan off the scoreboard in the first half, but the hosts scored in the 50th minute. Hotaru Yamaguchi earned a spot kick with a shot from outside the box that went off the right arm of Andrew Durante. Osako calmly converted for his seventh international goal.
Chris Wood equalized for New Zealand nine minutes later.
"We may have won but it was not easy at all," Japan coach Vahid Halilhodzic said. "New Zealand defended very well."
Japan hosts Haiti in Yokohama on Tuesday.
By The Associated Press
For its Spring 2017 campaign, Calvin Klein Underwear has teamed up with Sofia Coppola on a touching series of short films.
Shot in grainy black and white, the clips star an eclectic mix of emerging young acting talent, familiar faces, and icons of the silver screen. The full cast includes Coppola's longtime muse, Kirsten Dunst, Rashida Jones, Nathalie Love, Laura Harrier, Maya Thurman-Hawke (the daughter of Ethan Hawke and Uma Thurman), and Chase Sui (the niece of designer Anna Sui and part of CR's Class of 2017). Stealing the campaign almost in its entirety, however, is Lauren Hutton, who at 73-years-old may just be the oldest CK campaign star to date. Watch her in the clip above as she strips down to nearly nothing and recounts the only pickup line a potential admirer tried on her that actually worked.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A toddler who was crossing the road alone was knocked over and left injured when the driver simply rode away.
But what was more shocking in the CCTV of the accident, was the adults who turned a blind eye to the hurt child.
It was only when he was spotted by a seven-year-old boy that he was rescued and dragged out of danger.
The only people who seemed interested in helping the tot were other children.
In the footage from Yulin, Guangxi, in China, the boy can be seen as he tries to walk across the road.
He is struck by a tuk-tuk style taxi, with the female driver glancing down at the boy before driving away.
A man who appears to see the crash and the injured child turns presses the remote on his car keys, locks his car and strolls across without looking back.
A second adult, whose child appears to be watching the accident, runs over and it looks as though she may help.
But she grabs her own child by the hand, pulling him away and ignoring the injured toddler and his young rescuer.
According to the Shanghaiist the injured boy was taken to the hospital.
He suffered a fractured foot and some minor injuries in the accident and the tricycle driver turned herself in to police after the footage was shared on social media.
The seven-year-old spoke to reporters and said: “I wasn't afraid.
"The teachers taught us that if we see someone in trouble, then we should help them."
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. — Tom Brady was intercepted twice by Xavien Howard and held without a third-down conversion Monday night, and the Miami Dolphins snapped the New England Patriots' eight-game winning streak with a surprising 27-20 victory.
The Dolphins (6-7) were 11-point underdogs at home, but they kept the Patriots (10-3) from clinching their ninth consecutive AFC East title — at least for another week.
Brady went 24 for 43 for 233 yards and one touchdown. Miami sacked him twice and hit him five times, and held the Patriots to 25 yards rushing. New England was 0-for-11 on third down.
The Dolphins' Jay Cutler threw for 263 yards and three scores, including two to Jarvis Landry. Kenyan Drake had 114 yards rushing and 79 receiving.
Local governments in Oregon will continue to be prohibited from regulating genetically engineered crops.
The Statesman Journal and Capital Press newspapers report that bills to ease the ban both failed to make it out of committee at the legislative session.
Those who oppose local government action say rules regarding genetically modified crops should be enacted at the state or federal level, not through a patchwork of county ordinances.
Voters in two southern Oregon counties, Jackson and Josephine, approved anti-GMO ordinances in May 2014. The one in Jackson County was allowed to stand because it had qualified for the ballot before lawmakers approved the ban that stopped communities from taking the regulatory action.
The Senate Environment and Natural Resources Committee recently heard conflicting testimony about the frequency of cross-pollination among genetically engineered, conventional and organic crops.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Daryl Murphy booked the Republic of Ireland a World Cup qualifier showdown against Wales with a brace in a 2-0 victory over Moldova.
Murphy, who had only one senior international goal to his name before kick-off, struck after two and 20 minutes to give Ireland what proved to be an unassailable lead and keep alive their hopes of clinching one of the top two spots in Group D.
The Republic might have won even more comfortably had Shane Long been able to find his touch in front of goal, although goalkeeper Darren Randolph had to make a fine first-half save from Sergiu Platica, who saw team-mate Alexandru Gatcan dismissed in stoppage time.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Sportsfile)
The game slipped into something of a lull as both sides started to accept that the result was effectively beyond doubt, with the notable exception of Hoolahan.
His 76th-minute pass allowed Christie to trick his way past his marker and drill the ball to the near post, where Cebanu got there just ahead of Murphy.
(Image: AFP)
Murphy and Hoolahan left the pitch to rapturous applause when they were replaced by Harry Arter and Aiden McGeady with 12 minutes remaining.
Moldova's evening ended in disgrace when midfielder Alexandru Gatcan was dismissed for thrusting his head at Arter amid an angry stoppage-time exchange.
VOL. 41 | NO. 32 | Friday, August 11, 2017
DENVER (AP) — A lawyer for the former radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift told jurors Monday that the pop star's account is inconsistent with the testimony of every other member of her team. As the pop star cried in federal court during closing arguments, he questioned why Swift was smiling in a photo taken at the time she said the alleged assault took place.
"Look at Ms. Swift's face. Is that the face of someone who's in shock, who is upset?" Gabriel McFarland, representing former country station DJ David Mueller, said while showing the photograph from before a 2013 concert with Mueller and Swift together that Swift has said was taken the moment she grabbed hear backside.
Swift, who testified forcefully last week, cried and wiped her face as her mother, Andrea Swift, touched her right leg. Her lawyer also rubbed her back. Andrea Swift also touched her daughter's hand as McFarland said the photograph meant nothing.
McFarland also told jurors that Mueller immediately asked someone to call the police when he was confronted by security guards about the alleged groping at a backstage meet-and-greet at Denver's Pepsi Center.
"That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue," he said.
He also cast doubt on the claim of Swift security guard Greg Dent that he saw Mueller touch Swift while the photo was shot but did not act because he did not think she was in danger.
McFarland said photographer who took the image "started it all" by pulling a photo of Mueller and his girlfriend with Swift from dozens she took during the event and showing it to Swift, who identified Mueller as the person who touched her.
Swift's attorney, Douglas Baldridge, told jurors that Swift is standing up for all women and saying, "No means no."
He characterized Mueller as an aggressor and asked jurors: "Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?"
Citing Swift's counterclaim alleging assault and battery, Baldridge asked jurors to "return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
___
INFLUENCE GAME: Telecom lobbying muscle kills privacy rules
NEW YORK (AP) — The telecom industry's lobbying muscle has helped push a consumer privacy measure to a swift death in Congress. Digital-rights and consumer-advocacy groups support keeping the rules. But they were outmatched by telecom services and telephone companies, which spent more than $120 million in 2016 to lobby this and other issues.
___
Advertisement
Led by banks, stocks jump after strong report from China
NEW YORK (AP) — Banks, technology and consumer-focused companies lead stocks higher after China's economy, the world's second-largest, regained some strength in the first quarter. It was the best day for US stocks in more than a month. Drugmaker Eli Lilly fell after regulators refused to approve a rheumatoid arthritis pill.
___
Netflix on the verge of hitting 100 million subscribers
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Netflix is on the verge of surpassing 100 million subscribers, a testament to how much the video streaming service has changed the entertainment landscape since its debut a decade ago. The milestone will be reached this weekend if Netflix's projections are correct. Netflix still has a way to catch up with its cable-TV role model, HBO, which has 134 million subscribers.
___
US homebuilder sentiment slips, but overall outlook positive
U.S. homebuilders are feeling slightly less optimistic about their sales prospects, even as their overall outlook remains favorable. The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Monday slipped to 68 this month. That's down three points from 71 in March, when it jumped to the highest level since June 2005.
___
Overcoming Opioids: The quest for less addictive drugs
With some 2 million Americans hooked on opioid painkillers, drug companies are racing to find alternatives to stem the epidemic. Some fresh approaches are providing some hope such as drugs that target specific pathways in the brain or prevent the needs for opioids. But the biggest need is for novel medicines that can be used by lots of people for lots of problems.
___
Bank of America settles racial discrimination case from 1993
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — The U.S. Labor Department says Bank of America has settled a decades-old case that accused its predecessor company of systematically discriminating against black applicants for entry-level jobs in Charlotte. The bank settled the 1993 case by agreeing that about 1,000 people who applied for clerical, teller and administrative positions a generation ago would share $1 million in back wages and interest.
___
Kids prefer the TV for their viewing, but love other devices
NEW YORK (AP) — Youngsters mostly watch television on a television. As old-fashioned, linear, off-the-air telecasts. Just as their elders mostly still do, and always have, since TV was born.
___
Arconic CEO Klaus Kleinfeld steps down
NEW YORK (AP) — Arconic says CEO and Chairman Klaus Kleinfeld has agreed to step down from those roles after the company's board of directors discovered that he sent a letter to one of Arconic's biggest shareholders without telling them. Arconic makes aluminum, titanium or nickel parts for planes, cars and electronics. The New York-based company was spun off from aluminum company Alcoa last year.
___
China's 1Q economic growth ticks higher to 6.9 percent
HONG KONG (AP) — China reports its economic growth rose to 6.9 percent in the first quarter of the year. Data released Monday show the world's second-biggest economy grew at a slightly faster pace in the January-March period than in the previous quarter, when it expanded at a 6.8 percent annual pace. It's the second straight quarter that China's economy has accelerated, suggesting its rebound is gaining momentum.
___
Brazil construction firm ordered to pay $2.6B in bribe case
NEW YORK (AP) — Brazilian construction conglomerate Odebrecht has been ordered in New York to pay $2.6 billion in fines to settle charges it bribed officials in a dozen countries. The payout was ordered Monday by Judge Raymond Dearie after a plea agreement was reached in December. Odebrecht has apologized for its involvement in corruption scandals that led to the arrest of its former chief executives and several of its officials.
___
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 20.06 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,349.01.
The Dow Jones industrial average surged 183.67 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,636.92.
The Nasdaq composite gained 51.64 points, or 0.9 percent, to 5,856.79.
Benchmark U.S. crude lost 53 cents, or 1 percent, to $52.65 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 53 cents to $55.36 per barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline slipped 2 cents to $1.72 a gallon. Heating oil fell 2 cents to $1.63 a gallon. Natural gas decreased 6 cents, or 2 percent, to $3.16 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Laura Anderson says she thinks it is “the alcohol” which causes people to lose their inhibitions and have sex on Love Island.
The Air stewardess, 29, insists she won't jump into bed with any single men on the ITV2 show straight away.
But she admits that others may be tempted to once the champagne starts to flow.
Asked if she would have sex on TV, she said: "Its a no. I'll say no and hope for the best but I think it's more the alcohol. When people have a drink maybe. So I will just have one drink ."
ITV bosses monitor the alcohol intake of the contestants and outside of big parties the contestants get only the odd beer or wine.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Laura was living in Dubai and had just broken up with her boyfriend when she applied for the show.
He doesn't know that she is going into the villa but she did reveal her summer holiday destination to her stunned family.
Laura said: "My sister is older than me and she bought me a nice card before I came out and it said 'don't smoke too much, don't swear too much and don't get jiggy' or something. She didn't write sex.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
"I didn't discuss it with my parents, my dad would never say the word sex to me.
"My mum was excited and my dad was quite apprehensive so I tried to show him a few little bits of the show.
"I dont think I would feel comfortable and I don't think it is for me. Maybe it is my age, I think you are a bit more loose when you are young.
"I don't think it is a bad thing but I don't think I need to and of course I can wait."
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
Laura said whether she clicks with a man is often oddly down to smells.
She added: “Nice smells turn me on and bad smells turn me off, like bad breath if you are talking to a guy you wont want to get close to them.”
She says her dream man would be “a combination of Ryan Gosling and Ryan Reynolds”.
*Love Island starts on Monday on ITV2 at 9pm
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is interviewed by The Associated Press, in New York, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Zarif is warning the Trump administration that pulling out from the Iran nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is interviewed by The Associated Press, in New York, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Zarif is warning the Trump administration that pulling out from the Iran nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Weighing U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear accord, President Donald Trump declared on Tuesday that if the Iranians "restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before."
Trump issued his warning alongside French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office, where the two allies discussed the multinational nuclear agreement, the war in Syria and trade issues during a day of meetings at the White House.
Speaking at a joint news conference Tuesday, Trump appeared to be more in line with Macron's push for a longer-term U.S. presence in Syria. Trump, who announced weeks ago that he would withdraw American troops, said Macron reinforced the idea of a potential Iranian takeover of territory liberated from the Islamic State group.
"We'll be coming home," Trump said, "but we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint."
Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism, curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet, a reference to Macron's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord.
As for Iran, Trump was asked by reporters if he might be willing to stay in the Iran agreement. He replied, "People know my views on the Iran deal. ... It's insane, it's ridiculous. It should have never been made."
One of Macron's main objectives during his three-day visit to Washington is to persuade Trump to stay in the accord, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif warned the Trump administration Tuesday that pulling out would undermine America's talks with North Korea by proving the U.S. reneges on its promises.
He told The Associated Press in an interview that if Trump withdraws, Iran would "most likely" abandon the deal as well. Speaking before Trump's comments with Macron, Zarif added that Iran would no longer be bound by the deal's international obligations. That would free Iran to resume enrichment activity beyond the limits imposed by the 2015 accord.
Trump remains publicly undecided on the deal, saying Tuesday "no one knows" what he'll do at the deadline he set to determine America's position. But he reminded his French counterpart of what he sees as flaws in the agreement, which he said fails to address ballistic missiles or Iran's activities in Yemen or Syria.
Macron told reporters that he and Trump would look at the Iran deal "in a wider regional context," taking into account the situation in Syria. "We have a common objective, we want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward," Macron said.
Trump suggested he was open to "doing something" on the Iran agreement as long as it was done "strongly." He told Macron, "We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly." But when he was asked by reporters what that agreement would be, Trump said, "You'll find out."
During the press conference, Macron added that he and Trump discussed pursuing a "new agreement" with Iran on the broader regional concerns, including Syria. But it was not clear whether Trump would be willing to keep the U.S. in the current deal, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, in the meantime.
U.S. military and intelligence officials have urged Trump not to pull out of the agreement, arguing it has halted Iran's nuclear program.
Trump also informed Macron that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un wanted to meet "as soon as possible." The president, who once derided Kim as "Little Rocket Man," said the North Korean dictator had been "very open" and "very honorable" so far.
Domestic concerns were also near the surface for Trump. He refused to answer a reporter's question as to whether he is considering a pardon for his personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, whose office was raided by the FBI. Trump called it "a stupid question." Cohen has not been charged in the case.
As Trump hosted the French president for the first official state visit of his administration, he and Macron lavished praise - and even a pair of kisses - on one another Tuesday. "It's an honor to call you my friend," Trump said, after predicting Macron would be a historic leader of France.
In a lighter moment, Trump and Macron demonstrated some of the chemistry that has marked their relationship. The U.S. president brushed something off Macron's suit jacket, saying, "We have a very special relationship, in fact I'll get that little piece of dandruff off." Trump added, "We have to make him perfect - he is perfect."
The meetings followed a pomp-filled welcome ceremony on the South Lawn. Trump said before an audience of U.S. soldiers and members of his Cabinet that the relationship he forged with Macron at the start of his presidency was a testament to the "enduring friendship that binds our two nations." He thanked the French leader for his "steadfast partnership" in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.
Macron said, "History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times. France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history."
The social highlight of Macron's visit comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. On Monday night, the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.
Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.
Macron's three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honor Macron with the first state visit of his administration as he woos the French president.
Trump ended his first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. He was Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the center of Paris. Macron and his wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.
Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. He was also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice President Mike Pence.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller and Jonathan Lemire contributed.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sonny Bill Williams has been recalled by the All Blacks and ordered to give the British and Irish Lions another dose of the Blues, writes Alex Spink in Rotorua.
A week after inspiring the Auckland-based Blues to victory over Warren Gatland's team, the three-sport superstar is back for more.
“I'm starting to feel a bit nimble,” Williams warned after returning to the New Zealand side for the first time in two years. “I've lost a little bit of weight and I'm probably a bit stronger and a bit faster.”
Providing he survives Friday's tune-up Test against Samoa, the two-time World Cup winner will be thrown to the Lions.
(Photo: INPHO/Photosport/Peter Meecham)
(Photo: INPHO/Photosport/Peter Meecham)
(Photo: Getty)
All Blacks boss Steve Hansen did not make a fuss of the 31-year-old when announcing his line-up in Auckland.
He did not need to.
The Lions are still haunted by what he did to them at Eden Park — venue for two of the three Tests in a series which kicks off on Saturday week.
Their Welsh scrum-half Rhys Webb labelled the star of rugby union, rugby league and boxing a “monster” after he scored one try and brilliantly made a second to condemn the tourists to their first loss. “He's special, a big game player, an athlete and a world class individual.”
In the continued absence of Kieran Read, New Zealand have named fullback Ben Smith captain for the first time.
(Photo: AFP/Getty)
The world champions are also missing Dane Coles, the best hooker in the sport, who is replaced by Codie Taylor.
But the return of Williams is the eye-catching selection.
The last time he wore the New Zealand jersey was Halloween 2015 at Twickenham, when he earned a World Cup winners' medal — which he promptly gave to a 14-year-old fan who had been stopped from getting to him out on the pitch.
Since then, he has become an Olympian and spent six months recovering from the ruptured Achilles he suffered in that Sevens tournament in Rio. Followed by a concussion and a knee injury.
”It's been tough,” said Williams, who looks likely to come up against Lions' No.12 Ben Te'o — an old adversary from their days in Australian rugby league. “I was so focused on getting stronger and faster that when I finally got back on the field I wasn't expecting to have the speed bumps that I've had.
“In saying that, I've always had faith in my ability, I just needed a bit of game time. I'm starting to show signs that I'm getting to where I want to be.”
NEW ZEALAND XV (to play Samoa) B Smith (capt); I Dagg, A Lienert-Brown, SB Williams, J Savea; B Barrett, A Smith; J Moody, C Taylor, O Franks, B Retallick, S Whitelock, J Kaino, S Cane, A Savea.
ADVERTISEMENT
This week's question: After North Korean leader Kim Jong-un called President Trump a "dotard," Google saw an immediate spike in searches for that rarely-used word, which means "an old person, especially one who has become weak or senile." If Kim were to publish a collection of creative insults to use against rivals and enemies, what title could he give the book?
Click here for the results of last week's contest: Paltrow product
How to enter: Submissions should be emailed to contest@theweek.com. Please include your name, address, and daytime telephone number for verification; this week, please type "Kim insults" in the subject line. Entries are due by noon, Eastern Time, Tuesday, Oct. 10. Winners will appear on the Puzzle Page on the Oct. 20 issue and at theweek.com/puzzles on Friday, Oct. 13. In the case of identical or similar entries, the first one received gets credit. All entries become property of The Week.
The winner gets a one-year subscription to The Week.
Rome, December 11 - It will cost two euros to get into the Pantheon from May 2, according to an accord signed Monday by the culture ministry and the Vicariate of Rome. The accord was signed in the presence of Culture Minister Dario Franceschini and the Vicar for the Rome Diocese Msg Angelo De Donatis. The ministry said the entry fee will be used to "better valorise and safeguard the monument, as well as help maintenance costs and guarantee better security during visits". Entry will continue to be free for those attending religious services in the iconic ancient Roman monument, which is now a church. The Pantheon, originally a temple to all the Roman gods, is one of Rome's most iconic monuments. It contains the tomb of Renaissance painter Raphael.
Catch the preview for BBC Two show The Real Marigold Hotel
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eight pensioners jet off to India to see if the country would appeal for retirement - but mainly to entertain us - in this charming travelogue inspired by the hit movie of (nearly) the same name.
But first thing's first – haven't they all aged well? This could be called 'How To Look 30 Years Younger'.
Look at ex Corrie actress Amanda Barrie for instance – she's 81. The Three Degrees' Sheila Ferguson could be 40 but she's actually 69. And Lionel Blair, who dances a jig around Kerala airport, is 88 for goodness sake, while actor Paul Nicholas, 72, still oozes that boyish charm. It's like Cocoon.
(Photo: BBC Pictures)
(Photo: BBC Pictures)
Anyway, once you've spent the first ten minutes Googling their ages and panic ordering a new face cream, you can start to enjoy their company.
They are also joined by Mirror columnist Dr Miriam Stoppard, 79, snooker champ Dennis Taylor, 68, TV chef Rustie Lee, 63, and conservationist Bill Oddie, 75.
The group is to live together in Kochi, a city in Kerala, for four weeks, to test out the environment for their golden years. But first they must get used to living with each other.
(Photo: BBC Pictures)
Sheila immediately manipulates Bill into swapping rooms. Lionel is tearful because he misses his wife, and even has a teddy bear to take to bed. Bill and Paul set off in search of some underpants for Paul – his wife forgot to pack them, he claims. While Rustie is on a terrifying one-woman cooking mission in the kitchen. “It's not a control thing,” she says, not very convincingly.
Most of them are charmed by Kochi, with Miriam even bopping away at a street party, but with animals roaming the streets and piles of rubbish everywhere, Lionel finds it hard to cope.
CLEVELAND — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
Father Cleared Of Murdering Two Year Old Daughter After Seven Year Old Son Confesses
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) _ A capital murder charge has been dismissed against a North Texas man in the death of his 2-year-old daughter, after prosecutors learned her then-5-year-old brother said he caused her death.
Anthony Michael Sanders was accused of smothering his daughter, Ellie Mae, at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015. Investigators believed Sanders held his hand over her mouth out of anger for her interrupting his computer games.
Jailed since April 2016, Sanders denied responsibility. He said he found his daughter not breathing after his son reported she wouldn't wake up.
The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports prosecutors recently learned the boy told his mother he was responsible. Investigators say the boy cried as he told them he accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto his sister's face while they played and it was too heavy for him to move.
MASON, W.Va. — The Lady Falcons couldn't finish what they started.
Visiting Crooksville made a 23-3 second quarter charge and ultimately rolled to a 67-40 victory over the Wahama girls basketball team on Thursday night in a non-conference contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason County.
The host Lady Falcons (5-12) and Lady Ceramics (7-10) were competing due to the cancellation of Trimble's season, and both teams were scheduled to play the Lady Tomcats before their season was cut short due to numbers. Wahama, coincidentally, picks up an automatic win over THS in the league standings — despite Thursday night's outcome.
The Lady Falcons dropped their sixth consecutive decision, but things appeared to be working for WHS early on as Hannah Rose scored all 15 points while building a 15-12 first quarter advantage.
CHS, however, quickly turned the tide as the guests made a 13-0 surge over the opening three minutes of the second frame, resulting in a 25-15 edge.
Victoria VanMatre ended the scoring drought with a basket at the 4:46 mark to pull back to within single digits, then Emma Gibbs added a free throw a minute later to close the gap down to 25-18. The hosts were never closer the rest of the way.
Ana Fink hit the last half of her four trifectas down the stretch as part of a 10-0 run that gave the Lady Ceramics a 35-18 intermission advantage.
Crooksville grew its lead out to as many as 30 points in the third quarter before securing a 52-24 cushion headed into the finale. The Lady Falcons — who trailed 64-28 with 3:53 remaining — won the fourth by a slim 16-15 margin to wrap up the 27-point outcome.
Wahama made 13 total field goals — including four three-pointers — and also shot 10-of-26 at the free throw line for 38 percent.
Rose led the hosts with 25 points, followed by VanMatre and Harley Roush with five points apiece. Gracie VanMeter was next with four markers, while Gibbs completed the scoring with a single point.
Gibbs paced WHS with 10 rebounds, two blocks and two assists, while Roush also led the team with three steals.
Crooksville netted 25 total field goals — including six trifectas — and also went 11-of-13 at the charity stripe for 85 percent.
Carson Miller led CHS with a game-high 28 points, followed by Fink with 15 points and Daralyn Aier with a dozen markers.
Laykin German was next with five points and McKenzie LeRoy chipped in four points, while Courtney Lones and Heleigh Wilson completed the winning tally with respective efforts of two points and one point.
Wahama returns to action Monday when it hosts Belpre in a TVC Hocking contest at 7 p.m.
Wahama defenders Emma Gibbs, left, and Harley Roush battle for a loose ball with Crooksville's Daralyn Aier (15) during the first half of Thursday night's girls basketball contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason, W.Va. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.3-WAH-Defense.jpg Wahama defenders Emma Gibbs, left, and Harley Roush battle for a loose ball with Crooksville's Daralyn Aier (15) during the first half of Thursday night's girls basketball contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason, W.Va. Bryan Walters|OVP Sports Wahama sophomore Gracie VanMeter releases a shot attempt over a Crooksville defender during the second half of Thursday night's girls basketball contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.3-WAH-Gracie.jpg Wahama sophomore Gracie VanMeter releases a shot attempt over a Crooksville defender during the second half of Thursday night's girls basketball contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports Wahama sophomore Hannah Rose dribbles ahead of a trio of Crooksville defenders during the second half of Thursday night's girls basketball contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.3-WAH-Rose.jpg Wahama sophomore Hannah Rose dribbles ahead of a trio of Crooksville defenders during the second half of Thursday night's girls basketball contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Marcello the cat is up for adoption after being the victim of a sickening act of cruelty in April.
Marcello the cat is up for adoption after being the victim of a sickening act of cruelty in April. RSPCA
MARCELLO, the cat who was hurled over a fence in a distressing video that went viral in April, is all healed up and ready for a loving forever home.
RSPCA shared a photo of the moggy, now up for adoption, who was the subject of a horrific video showing a former Mackay man and his friends laughing as the cat smashes into the exterior brick wall of the neighbouring house.
"With the help of the public the offender was identified and has now been prosecuted," the RSPCA said.
While in care, Marcello visited the vet 27 times over two months, and he was treated for three bouts of stress-induced cat flu.
The third relapse included a consequent severe eye infection. After initial treatment efforts were unsuccessful, surgery was required to remove his infected eye.
Now, the RSPCA says, Marcello is ready to move on with his life.
"He's only just over one year old and he's looking for a quieter home where he can build his trust in the world again. With a little reassurance and time his bright and happy personality will shine through," his social media adoption ad reads.
"Marcello is in foster care near RSPCA Brisbane, Wacol. Email adoptfromfoster@rspcaqld.org.au to meet him."
Sickening footage emerged in April of a man dressed in high-vis tradesmen gear picking up a black cat and throwing it over a fence in Ipswich.
The man and his two friends can be seen covering their mouths to stifle their laughter.
Samual Conroy, 19, pleaded guilty in Ipswich Magistrates Court in May to animal cruelty, and publicly apologised for his behaviour.
The 19-year-old former Mackay man told the Daily Mercury in April he was "incredibly sorry" and "extremely regretful" about what he'd done.
"There's no going away from it, I am the one that did it in the video," he said.
"There's nothing to lie about and nothing to hide, it's just a stupid act I did."
Conroy was ordered to pay $1100, banned from owning a pet for five years, and sentenced to 12 months' probation and 120 hours community service.
Score a Samsung Galaxy tablet when you sign up for a 12-month Daily Mercury digital subscription.
Not only will you get a Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 tablet, but you'll get 12 months unlimited digital access to every story online and 12 months digital access to The Courier Mail+
Head to www.dailymercury.com.au/tablet or phone 1300 361 604. Hurry, limited offer.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TUNKHANNOCK, Pa. -- Chief meteorologist Kurt Aaron always keeps himself busy.
On Wednesday, he took part in a career fair at Tunkhannock Area High School.
Kurt spoke with students about meteorology and what the team does at Newswatch 16.
Kurt was just one of many presenters at the career day in Tunkhannock.
Jonathan Peters
News Editor
Leader of the Scottish Conservatives Ruth Davidson spoke at the Policy Scotland lecture series, held at the University of Glasgow. Her speech, titled “Building a stronger Britain”, focused on several key areas, as she set out her vision for the future of the country.
Davidson emphasised her centre-right politics throughout: her support for repealing the 8th amendment in Ireland and gay marriage mark her out as more socially liberal than many in her party. Following this trend, she spoke of the positive contribution immigration has for society and was critical of Theresa May's government for retaining and refusing to review arbitrary limits on migration.
The housing market was also addressed, where Davidson has personal experience of the inaccessibility of home ownership for the majority of young people. She admits her party are losing the argument on the housing crisis. Afterwards she told me that she'd only managed to buy her first home last year, at the age of 38. And she was candid about the role politicians have to play in solving this crisis: “forgive me for stating the bleeding obvious – but the best way to sort this is to build more homes.”
Davidson praised the University of Glasgow's pioneering work on technology innovation, which she likens to a “fourth industrial revolution.” However, she was sharply critical of Tony Blair's goal of having 50% of young adults in higher education. Instead, she emphasised apprenticeships and work experience, starting as early as school.
When speaking about inequalities between generations, Davidson referenced a recent report by the Resolution Foundation, which proposed a £10,000 “citizen's inheritance” for young people. While she did not express support for this policy, she spoke of the “need to rebuild consent” for capitalism.
The speech was followed by a short Q&A chaired by Principal Muscatelli, where one student brought up the link between mental health and job insecurity. Davidson acknowledged this exists and agreed that ensuring there is proper employment for people with and without degrees is key to addressing the high levels of stress and anxiety on campus and in wider society.
The Glasgow Guardian were lucky to have the opportunity to speak with Davidson after the speech, as almost all interview requests for other outlets were denied. In this brief conversation, she emphasised her understanding of intergenerational inequality, which she feels can be addressed by reviewing the planning process for large-scale housing developments, drawing on the experience of New Towns such as Cumbernauld and East Kilbride.
On the issue of mental health, she expressed concern about the impact of technology on young peoples' lives. When Mhairi Black became Westminster's youngest MP three years ago, tweets and social media posts she had made when she was far younger and not in the public eye were used to criticise her. Davidson told me she was worried about the increasing availability of smart phones for young children, which has turned online bullying into a 24-hour threat.
Commenting on the event, a representative from Policy Scotland welcomed the opportunity to hear more than soundbites from politicians. Davidson's speech was political, but it was not party political. It was not the kind of speech you would hear in Holyrood or party conferences. There was hardly any mention of Brexit or independence. While it lacked substance in terms of practical policies, it did address the housing crisis, immigration and the future of the Scottish economy in a positive way.
Davidson spoke candidly about mental health issues for students and how these are linked to wider economic problems. When discussing intergenerational justice, and the prospect that our generation will be worse off than our parents, she referenced the Resolution Foundation's report and spoke at length on the housing crisis. And she was keen to emphasise that she is politically a “centrist”, which sets her apart from many of her colleagues in Holyrood and Westminster.
Presentations from all different varieties of the communication field were on display by students on Thursday, March 15, at the annual Senior Showcase, one of the campus's biggest events.
With the project being a necessary step for all communication students to graduate, the projects serve as an opportunity for students to shine.
“The senior project is a graduation requirement for all majors in the Department of Communication,” said Michael Cannon, a faculty member in the Communication Department. “The purpose of the project and the presentation is to provide an individual capstone presentation where each student is able to demonstrate excellence and proficiency in a way of passion and importance that helps prepare them for the professional world.”
The projects on display included photography businesses, advocacy websites and Snapchat filters.
Students such as Christian Duke, a senior studying communication, chose to do his project on web data governance. Duke explained it as “a framework of policies and procedures for the university.”
Garret Kerby, a senior studying communication, worked in the public relations department of Premier Group Realty West. He made fliers, a virtual tour and commercials for the company.
Many of the faculty who have been at multiple Senior Showcases said it is hard to pin down some of their favorite projects they have come across, due to the top-level projects seniors have created over the years.
“There are all so many that blend together,” Cannon said. “Projects are often exceptional and cut across all areas.”
Students who participate in the showcase set up their projects from 7 to 9 a.m. on the day of the Showcase. After setting up, they head into the Manwaring Center's Little Theater at 2 p.m. to meet with a keynote speaker.
This year's speaker was Neal Larson, a local radio talk show host, who spoke about the media in a free public.
Following the keynote speaker, students return to the BYU-I Center to begin the Showcase, which runs from 3:30 to 5 p.m.
As the students participating in the Showcase display their projects, faculty members stroll about judging the students' work.
“(The teachers) judge the display, and a big part of their grade will be what they say,” said Ward Hicks, a faculty member in the Communication Department. In addition, a secret judge also wanders around the displays in an effort to keep students on their toes.
Students participating in the showcase said they were a little nervous with the judges but overall see them as a way to help them improve and progress in the future.
“It's a little intimidating, but the judges are cool,” Kerby said. “They're there to give you advice on what you could have done better and what you've done well.”
In addition, some projects are done in such a professional way that some students have been offered employment from businesses visiting the school.
“Occasionally, some students are hired because of what they've shown at the show,” Hicks said. “The businesses have just walked through and thought, ‘Wow, we need that at our company. Let's see if we can get you hired.'”
Many examples of students going above and beyond with their projects can be found at the Showcase. Duke, for example, will be presenting his web data governance project to President Henry J. Eyring at the end of this semester.
The Senior Showcase is shown every semester. More info can be found by contacting the BYU-I Communication Department.
François Asselineau, the founder of the Republican Popular Union, UPR on March 25, 2007, the fiftieth anniversary of the Treaty of Rome signature held a political rally for his candidature for President of France on March 25, 2017 in Paris, France. Over 6,500 people attended.. Assilineau is making waves with his ideas for France.Although Assilineau has been speaking in cities throughout France it was just shortly after this rally that the mainstream press first bothered to have him as a guest on TV. Before this rally,. Up until this close before the elections they ignored his existence and the facts of his growing popular platform. As result there are still many less plugged in voters who have never even heard his name.François Asselineau was born on September 14, 1957 in Paris, France. He is now Tax Inspector-General and the president of the UPR. In 1993.he served as Advisor on International Affairs in the Cabinet of Gérard Longuet, Minister of Industry and Foreign Trade in the Balladur Government. He was elected as Counseiller (Advisor) in Paris in 2001 in the 19th district of Paris with the political party Rassemblement pour la France ( RPF).Since the founding of the UPR François Asselineau has given many lectures in France and other countries. Between March, 2007 and March, 2016 he gave about 400 conferences.He told us at the press conference that his conference on the history of France which was over three hours long was well received.At the press conference he told us that the French people no longer have a democracy because France is losing its sovereignty by being subject to rules and regulations by organizations. This is why he wants Frexit - the exit from the European Union.. This would also allow France to leave the Euro as the official currency. François Assilineau told us that this would be part of giving the government of France back to the French people. It can take up to 2 years as the other European partners have to work out the divorce.as another way to give France back its independence. Currently France is subject to NATO and could risk the possibility of being dragged into a large scale international conflict if there are problems with other members.However, he supports France's membership and participation in the United Nations.François Asselineau was questioned about the large debt France has.Another goal is to prohibit privatisationsuch as EDF for electricity, GDF for gas, the post office TF1 first TV channel, TDF television company, water and motorway networks;He favors creating public housing construction which is needed in France.He wants to createThe party whose motto is "People's Union to Reestablish Democracy" and whose logo is the olive branch symbol of peace, longevity and prosperity is the most dynamic party in France. When we saw the large number of attendees at the gathering we asked the security guard how these people knew about Assilineau who is not well known. He told us that is is from the social media like Facebook and Twitter. There were 53,075 followers on UPR Facebook as of May 25, 2016. According to the site Alexa Rating which looks at the traffic of millions of websites the UPR website www.upr.fr is the most visited French political website.UPR created a channel on Dailymotion and put all François Asselineau's conferences online in video on Dailymotion and YouTube. In May, 20014 these videos had been watched by more than 3 million viewers.Membership in UPR is growing. It had 22,462 members on April 2, 2017.François Asselineau told the press that they have 690 members abroad living in 79 countries which accounts for 6.2% of its total membership.More rallies are planned in France as François Asselineau continues his campaign for President. The presidential election will be in France on April 23, 2017 and then the top two candidates will have a second turn election on May 7, 2017.
Rome, May 30 - US ratings agency Moody's on Wednesday placed 12 Italian banks under observation for a possible downgrade following a possible downgrade of Italy's sovereign rating. They are: Unicredit, Intesa Sanpaolo, Banca Imi, Cdp, Mediobanca, Bnl, Fca Bank, Credito Emiliano, Cariparma, Cassa Centrale Raiffeisen, Invitalia and Banca del Mezzogiorno. The agency said recently it is reconsidering Italy's BAA2 rating.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marriage is quite a big deal to a lot of people. Not the Ross and Rachel in Vegas kind. Proper weddings, with flowers and buffets.
Obviously, there are nerves on the big day. You're about to take the plunge and commit to a lifetime of love and box sets. It's only natural.
Men think some obscure, amusing, and beautiful things while impatiently waiting for their bride to walk down the aisle. Grooms have been sharing on Reddit some of their thoughts up there by the altar, or registry office desk.
Here are some of the best
(Image: iStockphoto)
The duck tape incident – Hillbilly_Heaven
"Why does he have duck tape on his face and blood on his suit?
"I few minutes earlier just before the ceremony began a friend had jokingly tripped me. It backfired as I fell and smashed my face on a beer bottle on a table and made a huge gash running from my temple to my jaw.
"I didn't want to ruin the wedding so they just stuffed my face with napkins and covered it with duck tape (thats what it was called at the time). The blood I just left on my suit.
"When she [bride] asked me what happened I said 's***'. Before she could respond the ceremony begun.
"46 years later I still have a scar on the side of my face and 46 years later we are still married and 46 years later I still give my friend s*** about it."
Sunshine – reallydfun
"Thank goodness the sun came out 5 minutes ago or she gonna be MAD."
(Image: The Image Bank)
Money worries – b***sniffingroach
"I was pretty upset about how much we had spent on the wedding. (I don't believe in fancy weddings, but it was her dream so I went with it..plus...happy wife happy life, right?)
"As soon as I saw her walking down the aisle I thought, 'I could have paid 30 times over the amount to live this moment over and over again'."
"Keep your s*** together" -smartnotclever
"I failed, by the way - totally bawled through the vows.
"Tears of happiness, of course - still going strong 14 years later."
Who is that? – WakaPlayer2
"I know way too many people here right now that I didn't know last year, who the f*** are you all?"
(Image: Getty)
Quite nice really – Braxistextremist
"Damn, I can't believe someone this gorgeous wants to marry me!"
Please calm down - Lavyn
"Oh my god.......she's more beautiful in this moment that I've ever seen her. You're not breathing. You're not breathing. You still aren't breathing.
"Ouch, f***, why does my chest hurt? Holy s***, there's a huge lump in my throat. Is that why I can't breathe?? Oh man here she comes.
"S*** is getting blurry.....JUST. BREATHE!"
Exciting – A3rdAcct
"'I'm getting laid tonight!' So, we both waited for marriage to have sex."
(Image: Getty)
Joking – chicken_salad
"I was trying to think up a dirty joke to whisper that would make her crack up in the middle of the ceremony."
Practice makes perfect - Jatrap
"We should have really come to rehearsal. I am way off cue."
And... this – Coastie071
"Goddamn she looks good, don't cry bro, don't cry, deep breaths... And for God's sake hide your erection!"
This article first appeared in March 2017.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May launched a humiliating Brexit climb down yesterday(MON) over plans to seize so-called Henry VIII powers.
The Prime Minister caved into MPs' demands that a committee should be set-up to examine statutory instruments - tools critics say lets the Government dodged scrutiny - made under her flagship Brexit Bill.
She had hoped to drive through plans in the EU (Withdrawal) Bill. But, faced with the prospect of an embarrassing Commons defeat on Wednesday over an amendment to the Bill, she decided to back down.
Her spokesman said the statutory instruments would be scrutinised by a “sifting committee”.
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Brexit agreement guarantees 'no hard border' in Ireland
He added: “We have studied the procedures's Committee report in detail and listened to the recommendations and we are announcing today that we will be accepting this amendment.
"We recognise the role of Parliament in scrutinising the Bill and we have been clear throughout that we are taking a pragmatic approach to what we have always said is a vital piece of legislation.
"Where MPs and peers can improve the Bill we will work with them.”
No 10 paved the way for further U-turns, adding: “We have said we will look at amendments and respond to them in due course.”
What's the row about?
(Image: PA)
The row surrounds 800 to 1,000 “secondary laws” that will give the government sweeping powers to implement Britain's withdrawal and “correct” EU-inspired law before March 2019.
Critics say the so-called ‘Henry VIII' powers will allow the government to change the law of the land without scrutiny.
So Parliament's Procedure Committee, led by Tory Charles Walker, demanded a new body to sift through all the secondary laws.
Today, the government caved in an accepted its demands.
The so-called 'sifting committee' will decide if each law should be “affirmative” or “negative”.
Affirmative powers must be debated by MPs before they become law - yet negative powers become law before MPs get to look at them.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Negative powers can only be blocked if MPs vote to “pray against them” within 40 days, and the last time this happened was in 1979.
The government had planned for most powers relating to EU law to be 'negative'.
Instead each law will now have to be laid before the committee for two weeks - 10 Parliamentary days - to decide if they should be upgraded to 'affirmative'.
Tory ministers will be able to ignore the committee's advice - but would be forced to explain why.
Meanwhile the power balance on the crucial body could spark a major political row.
Officials today said they expected it to feature 16 MPs: eight Tories, six from Labour and two from the SNP.
That would leave the control of the committee on a knife-edge, because whichever party provides the chair could effectively lose out on a majority.
Meanwhile some MPs may argue laws are still being made without enough scrutiny.
Even affirmative powers are usually discussed in an obscure committee, and do not get a “yes or no” vote unless they are upgraded to a debate in the Commons chamber.
The new ‘sifting committee' is also not permanent - it will only apply to the scope of the EU Withdrawal Bill.
Junior dog handlers in the "Don't Bully Me or my Bully" program held their first dog show this weekend.The kids were so excited to be a part of their first show with older kids and adults at Razzmatazz in Chicago's McKinley Park neighborhood.Ten students participated in the show after several weeks of training, and showed off their skills in the ring with the bully dogs.Several kids walked away with ribbons, including Karly Moran-West, who won 3rd place in her age group.The next step for the students is more practice with the bullies and their instructors to learn more of the competitive side of the American Bully Kennel Club junior dog handler program.This is a free program for the students, all done through donations and sponsors.Bully dogs can sometimes get a bad rep, especially around children, but the program aims to debunk stereotypes.A first of its kind in the city of Chicago, the program in the Back of the Yards neighborhood teaches children responsibility and it shines a positive light on bulldogs.To become a sponsor visit this link Current sponsors include: Chicago Underground Bullies, Eminent Bully Kennels, Lou City Bullies, VBP, SSSerpents & Bullies, Toy Soldier Brand, Pawsitive Vibes Dog Training, Hard Time Bullies, Modelo Bullies, Maximum Bully & Solid Ground Bullyz.For more information, visit: http://animalvillebreeders.com/
Employee of Emeryville popcorn shop accused of using racial slur with black customers
Photo: Google Maps The exterior of Cornology in Emeryville.
A gourmet popcorn shop in Emeryville called Cornology is under fire after witnesses said an employee demanded that a group of young, black customers leave the store while repeatedly uttering a racial slur.
The chief executive officer of the company, Mark Stone, said in an interview that the worker shouted “n—” while chasing a group of roughly 25 kids from the store who had taken popcorn, soda and change from a tip jar. Stone said the employee, who has not been identified, remains employed by Cornology.
Emeryville police officials confirmed that officers responded to a call at the Emeryville outpost of Cornology on Sunday. No arrests were made.
Stone said the employee used the racial epithet in “the heat of the moment.” Witnesses to the episode, though, tell a different story.
Fay Eastman and Aisha Weber, both of whom said they saw the incident unfold in its entirety, described the Cornology employee aggressively demanding that a contingent of black shoppers — around 10 people — leave the shop only moments after they entered.
During an exchange with the group, the employee said “n—” multiple times, they said. Both Adams and Eastman said the juveniles were not stealing, but reacted to the behavior of the employee by knocking over items in the store during the dispute.
“I didn't see those kids running out with bags of popcorn. He just didn't want them in the store,” said Eastman.
Weber, an Emeryville native, said the shopping center is a normal place for groups of young people to spend their free time. When the group in question entered the Cornology store, Weber said the employee behind the counter threw up his arms and told the visitors to leave.
“He said, ‘Get out of here n—s,' and he was throwing his hands in the air,” Weber said. “That came from his heart. That came from him. He didn't want those kids in the store from the beginning.”
The incident gained attention when it was recapped by Eastman in a Facebook post on that same day. It garnered more than 4,300 shares and over 700 comments less than 24 hours after appearing online.
As the story spread online, Cornology was flooded with negative reviews on Yelp, its now-deactivated Facebook account and Instagram. The backlash spurred Stone to respond to the growing outrage.
“Regretfully you can't take back something that was in the heat of the moment. We're very sorry that was the result of what happened,” Stone told The Chronicle. “Unfortunately some employees were sick over the weekend so there was only one person in the store. It startled him. He regrets it terribly. It's not who he is or who we are.”
In the days since, Stone said business has continued as normal at the Emeryville Cornology, despite growing outrage. “We're hoping (for) the community, while maybe not to forgive us, but to have a little more understanding of the situation,” he said.
According to the company's website, Cornology is based in Pleasant Hill and has retail outlets in Emeryville, Walnut Creek and Japan. A new store is coming soon in San Francisco.
Eastman said she spoke with the Cornology employee after the group left the store and told him he should not use that type of language with young people.
“Those types of moments shape their world for the rest of their life,” she said. “I thought I could rationalize it and explain that to him, but nope. He really didn't understand why he shouldn't have said what he said.”
The Cornology incident comes after Starbucks said it would close 8,000 stores on May 29 to facilitate racial bias training among its employees.
The training is a response to the public backlash after two black men — Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson — were handcuffed and arrested at a Starbucks in Philadelphia after an employee called police because they had not purchased anything in the store. Both men said they were at the coffee shop while waiting for a business associate. Video of the incident has since been viewed millions of times on social media.
Weber said she, along with other witnesses to the incident, wants Cornology to issue a formal apology and to make sure the employee is reprimanded in some capacity.
“It needs to be addressed more than it has already,” she said. “Who knows how long this has been going on there?”
Justin Phillips is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jphillips@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JustMrPhillips
Planning for next Wednesday's inauguration of London Breed as San Francisco's 44th elected mayor is well under way, and we're told at least one big tradition will remain intact.
After her swearing-in on the steps of City Hall, Breed is expected to greet the public in her office.
Typically, inaugural greeting sessions of past mayors have lasted several hours — with family, friends and ordinary citizens all lining up and waiting for a chance to shake hands or to embrace the incoming mayor.
The meet-and-greet can be a real test of the mayor's endurance as well.
“I was greeting so many people for so many hours that my jaw and the muscles around my face were sore at the end of the day from smiling and saying hello,” former Mayor Art Agnos recalled of his 1988 swearing-in.
Then again, Agnos said the adrenaline rush and “joy of the day” make up for any physical discomfort.
Still, Agnos does have one bit of advice for Breed: “I hope she has some comfortable shoes, because standing like that for hours can be taxing.”
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays. Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news. He can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip? Call (415) 777-8815, or email matierandross@ sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @matierandross
New Delhi: President Ram Nath Kovind will honour 112 heroes of India's armed forces with gallantry awards, including five Kirti Chakras, given for extreme valour and self-sacrifice, on the occasion of 71st Independence Day on Tuesday.
The five Kirti Chakra recipients are Major Preetam Singh Kunwar (Garhwal Rifles), Havildar Giris Gurung (Posthumous, Gorkha Rifles), Major David Manlun (Naga Regiment), CRPF commandant Pramod Kumar (Posthumous) and CRPF commandant Chetan Kumar Cheeta.
The supreme commander of the armed forces will also give away 17 Shaurya Chakras, 85 Sena Medals, three Nao Sena Medals and two Vayu Sena Medals.
The president has also awarded “Mention-in-Despatches” to 40 army and air personnel for their significant contributions in military operations.
These awards include two for Operation Meghdoot, 32 for Operation Rakshak, four for Operation Orchid and one each for Army Headquarters and Air Force, the government said on the eve of I-Day.
CRPF commandant Pramod Kumar was killed in an encounter immediately after unfurling the flag at CRPF Srinagar office on August 15th last year.
Another Kirti Chakra nominee Chetan Kumar Cheeta was wounded during a joint operation in the Hajin area of North Kashmir's Bandipora district on February 14 this year. He survived nine bullet injuries.
Havildar Giris Gurung, also a Kirti Chakra recipient, was martyred during a counter-infiltration operation along the LoC in Kashmir's Kupwara on May 20.
The Kirti Chakra is the second highest military award given in peacetime for bravery and sacrifice, while the Shaurya Chakra is the third highest decoration in order of precedence of peacetime gallantry awards. Sena, Nao Sena and Vayu Sena medals are given for exceptional devotion to duty or courage.
'Mention in dispatches' is given for meritorious services and gallantry which are not of a sufficiently high order to warrant the grant of gallantry awards.
On Monday, the president also approved Police Medals to 990 personnel, with Chhattisgarh's elite Special Task Force Platoon Commander Shankar Rao posthumously named for the President's Police Medal for Gallantry.
Rao, called ‘Fighter Rao' by his colleagues, showed exemplary courage during a Maoist ambush in Sukma district on April 11, 2015, in which his six other colleagues were also killed and 10 injured.
New Delhi: It is history before India's historic 70. 85 years! It took 85 years for Team India to feel the joy of winning a complete overseas Test series. Praiseworthy, applauding, commendable. It is all at once as Virat Kohli-lead Team India completed a 3-0 whitewash over Sri Lanka at Pallekele, on Day 3 of the third Test match by an innings and 171 runs, thus becoming the first Indian Test squad to win a full Test series on foreign soil. ( IND vs SL, 3rd Test – As it happened || Full Coverage )
Sri Lanka resumed Day 3 action at 19 at the loss of one wicket. Opener Dimuth Karunaratne along with nightwatchman Malinda Pushpakumara stepped onto the field. Not much hope at their dug out, was it? Just the other day, they had crumbled down to mere 135 within few hours after India's massive 487-run target was put forth.
And Sri Lanka resolved to their poor batting. Ravichandran Ashwin struck first to dismiss the opener and then Mohammed Shami scalped two sending back Pushpakumara and then Kusal Mendis. Angelo Mathews stepped in next and along with skipper Dinesh Chandimal stitched a commendable 65-run partnership. Surviving through Kuldeep Yadav's deceptive googlies and a single DRS scare the duo headed in for lunch.
But it was only time. Kuldeep outfoxed the skipper when the ball kissed the inside edge of his bat and flew to Cheteshwar Pujara at short leg. Mathews fell victim to another DRS scare, with this time the decision not tilting his way. Ashwin figured 4/68, pacer Umesh Yadav too put the wicket-taking list as the jaded Sri Lankan side squandered down to mere 181. India won the match by an innings and 171 runs, thus clean sweeping the series by 3-0.
This is the first time that an Indian Test squad achieved this feat. Since their debut in the longer format of the game, back in 1932, Team India registered first historic overseas whitewash. Well, India was part of four such series where they had won all Test matches in it. Under the captaincy of Mohammad Azharuddin, the team had clinched a 3-0 series win over England. The team went on to emulate the same against Sri Lanka in 1994. But both were on home soil. Even MS Dhoni-led side had outplayed the visiting Australian side in 2013 winning all four Test matches and under Virat Kohli, the team won all the three Test matches they played against New Zealand last year. But as mentioned earlier, all such victories were scripted on home soil.
Rewinding back to 1986, Kapil Dev had led his side to a 2-0 win over the English team in a three-match away series, but again it wasn't a complete series win. Such had even happened a year ago when Virat Kohli and his men visited West Indies. The registered a win in two matches while the other two were whitewashed. Ergo, India still hadn't won a complete overseas Test series, up until today.
Considering two-match-Test series on foreign soil, the Men in Blue did win over the Bangladesh in 2004 and in 2009 and had also thumped down Zimbabwe when they had flown down to the nation back in 2005.
India is now the team to win the most number of Test matches in Sri Lanka. They have nine such victories to their name. Adding to it, this was Team India's fifth consecutive Test victory over the Sri Lankan side, and all came under the captaincy of Virat Kohli. And for the skipper, this was his 19th Test win which makes him second on the list of most wins by a captain after his first 29 Tests. Also, Kohli has now surpassed his predecessor MS Dhoni to become the second captain with most overseas Test wins as a skipper.
These were entertaining three weeks at Sri Lanka. Complete one-sided though, and India managed to take it through. They will now gear up for the ODI and T20I series with the first 50-over game to be played on August 20.
Cynthia Nixon Says She's Running For Governor of New York The 'Sex and the City' star made the announcment Monday through an ad on her Twitter account Nixon will be running against incumbent Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) in the state‘s primary election, set for September. We want our government to work again, on healthcare, ending mass incarceration, fixing our broken subway. We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us, She isn't just going into the race blind, though, as Nixon previously worked on the advisory board for the Mayor‘s Fund To Advance New York City. Nixon also touched on education and the city‘s deteriorating subway system in her announcement. An early poll from Siena College has Nixon trailing Cuomo 19 percent to 66 percent.
It's essential you buy the best external hard drive that suits your needs if you work with a lot of files and documents with large file sizes - and we're here to help with our list of the best external hard drives money can buy in 2018.
When looking for the best external hard drive or storage solutions for your needs, you need to make sure you consider some important things. For a start, you'll want to get an external drive with the right amount of capacity - after all, you don't want to run out of space, but nor do you really want to pay for storage you're not going to use.
You'll also want to think about data transfer speeds - if you're moving a lot of large files to your external hard drive then you'll want something that can move them quickly.
However, the best external hard drives are also dependable and reliable, so you can safely store your data or backups without worry. The best external drives will be portable, with large capacities and robust designs that keeps your data safe when they are being moved around.
There's a huge range of external hard drives on offer, so we've put together this list of the best external hard drives to help you find the perfect one for your needs.
Wireless security
Capacity: 2TB | Interface: USB 3.0
NFC security
Rugged design
Not the fastest drive
An external hard drive you can buy without breaking the bank, Buffalo's MiniStation Extreme NFC could be your match made in heaven.
With compatibility for both Mac and Windows machines, the Buffalo MiniStation Extreme NFC is very flexible, and comes with a rugged case that's dust and water resistant, along with a built-in USB 3.0 cable.
Not only is your data kept protected from knocks and drops with the rugged shell, but it's also got 256-bit AES security features and NFC (Near Field Communication) features as well.
Essentially it allows you to unlock the drive to get to your files quickly and easily by tapping the supplied NFC card onto the drive's body. Pretty neat!
Fast speeds
Capacity: 4TB | Interface: USB 3.0
Large capacity
Good data transfer speeds
WD backup software is basic
The latest generation of the Western Digital My Passport range of external hard drives has landed, coming in sizes from 1TB to 4TB. It features cloud storage and 256-AES encryption, along with WD's own backup software.
Best of all, it is a very good performer when it comes to data transfer speeds, beating many of its competitor. Unsurprisingly, it doesn't reach the top speeds of solid state external drives, but for external hard drives based on traditional HDDs, this is the drive to get.
A terabyte in the palm of your hand
Capacity: 256GB, 512GB or 1TB | Interface: USB 3.0
Great performance
IP68 rating
No USB Type-C
The Adata SD700 will suit those looking for a rugged storage device that can provide ample capacity without costing too much. It performs superbly well and remains the only SSD we've seen that is IP68 rated.
Thanks to the solid state drive that resides in this external hard drive, it's a lot faster than external drives that use traditional spinning hard drives - so you're getting great transfer speeds as well as rugged protection.
It also comes in capacities up to 1TB, so you don't have to worry about missing out on storage space just because it uses an SSD - this drive really does hit all the right notes.
The most space you can get
Capacity: 16TB | Interface: USB 3.0 x 2
Huge amounts of space
RAID support
Expensive
Need two USB 3.0 ports free
If you're looking for the absolute largest capacity external hard drive, then the WD My Book Duo 16TB is the one to get, offering a huge 16TB of storage space over two hard drives.
If you don't mind sacrificing some of the ample storage space you can set the drives up in a RAID array, so you have file backups of your files should one of the drives die.
This USB 3.0 drive has many of the features of a fully-fledged NAS device (including a high price), and if you have a router with a USB 3.0 port you could use this as a network attached storage device in its own right.
The device, which comes with two-year warranty, has 256-bit AES hardware encryption, and automatic backup software (WD SmartWare Pro).
Worth noting that the enclosure used is fully serviceable and that WD ships the drive already pre-formatted for Windows users (NTFS).
Super-fast storage
Capacity: 1TB/2TB/4TB/8TB or empty enclosure | Interface: Thunderbolt 2 x 2
Great build quality
Very good speeds
No use to non-Thunderbolt devices
Free software is Mac-only
If you work with a lot of large files, such as videos, then the OWC ThunderBay 4 Mini is an excellent external storage solution. It supports up to four 2.5-inch drives, and can be bought with SSDs already installed, or as an empty enclosure.
It comes with two Thunderbolt 2 ports for extremely quick read and write speeds, so you can edit files on the OWC ThunderBay 4 Minis hard drives as quickly and smoothly as if they were located on your internal hard drives. You can also daisy-chain a number of OWC ThunderBay 4 Minis together using Thunderbolt 2 cables for even more storage.
The price we show above is for the empty enclosure.
Read our full review: OWC ThunderBay 4.
Combines capacity and portability
Capacity: 8TB | Interface: USB 3.0 and USB Type-C
High capacity
No need for power supply with USB-C
Expensive
USB-C support still in infancy
The Seagate 8TB Innov8 range is worth a mention. It is a normal-size 3.5-inch desktop hard disk drive but doesn't need an external power supply to run.
Instead, it needs to be powered via a USB Type-C connector without which it won't work. It does pave the way for customers to move staggering amount of data around without being tethered.
What sets the Innov8 apart from the competition is the design. All metal with fins to keep the drive cool and a minimalist approach to the drive's construction.
If absolute performance coupled with ease of use is what you are yearning for, then for a small business user or someone working in the creative industry, the Innov8 is a no-brainer.
Others will probably settle for far cheaper but less elegant options like the WD My Book mentioned previously.
Read our full review: Seagate Innov8 8TB external hard disk drive
Best performance
Capacity: 5TB | Interface: USB 3.0
Very fast data transfer speeds
Reliable
You pay more for the Mac-formatted version
If you want to combine speed and capacity, then the Seagate Backup Plus Desktop Drive 5TB is definitely worth considering. It comes in a range of sizes up to 8TB and it beats the competition when it comes to read and write speeds as well.
On top of this storage and speed, you get a decent amount of peace of mind thanks to Seagate's lower than average failure rates, especially in bigger capacity hard drives.
You also get backup software, and the drive is compatible with both Windows and Macs, though it's formatted for Windows out of the box unless you go for a Mac-specific hard drive - though these are more expensive.
Wireless wonder
Capacity: 2TB | Interface: USB 3.0 and Wi-Fi
Wireless AC
USB 3.0 support
Good battery life
No USB-C
Expensive due to Wi-Fi features
Though our feelings were lukewarm on the Passport Wireless of yesteryear, the 2016 “Pro” variant of the HDD restores faith in the Western Digital name. The design, for instance, has been overhauled and no longer resembles the Passport Ultra nor My Passport for Mac. Instead, there's now a more premium feel to the Passport Wireless Pro. It resembles an external DVD drive, but considering the onboard SD card slot (and a dedicated SD transfer button), don't worry about getting it confused with anything else. For photographers, this is the Wireless Pro's killer app.
For everyone else, there's a massive 6,400mAh battery built into the device. This lets the drive be used completely free of wires over 2.4GHz or 5GHz channels. When it's wired up, however, don't expect cutting edge connection tech, as the Passport Wireless Pro uses only USB Type-B to Type-A. Completely absent is the latest and greatest USB-C connection.
Where the Passport Wireless Pro compromises on affordability, it's able to benefit in just about every other area. Of course, not everyone needs a wireless hard drive or SD card support, but for those who do, it's almost essential.
Read the full review: Western Digital My Passport Wireless Pro
USB-C star
Capacity: 4TB | Interface: USB-C
Fast USB-C connection
Great design
Expensive
You need USB-C ports to take advantage of speed
You may have stumbled upon the LaCie Porsche Design Mobile Drive when perusing the Apple website for USB-C accessories . There's a reason for that: the Porsche Design ships with both USB Type-C to Type-A and USB Type-C to Type-C connectors, making it a worthy candidate regardless of your setup.
It's expensive for an external hard drive, don't get us wrong, especially if you're in the market for the top-end 4TB option. On the other hand, this is an HDD that could theoretically output speeds of up to 5Gbps, if it weren't hindered by the limits of SMR (Shingled Magnetic Recording) technology.
Comprising five 800GB platters in a 15mm form factor, the LaCie Porsche Design Mobile is an excellent challenger to the Seagate M3, though it's notably bigger in both weight and dimensions.
Sure, it packs an extra convenience factor in the form of USB-C, but it should be noted that the Porsche Design Mobile is still limited to USB 3.0 speeds. Plus, even an aluminum finish can't prevent it from clashing with your Rose Gold MacBook . Nevertheless, LaCie's offering is the best USB-C external HDD money can buy, at least for the time being.
Read our full review: LaCie Porsche Design Mobile Drive 4TB
Best for security
Capacity: 2TB | Interface: USB 3.0
Physical security
Rugged design
Expensive
Typically, iStorage hard disks cater best to governments and multinational organizations around the world, for good reason too – they offer tight security like no other drives around.
If someone tries to tamper with your iStorage drive, you can configure it to self-desturct. What's more, the data is encrypted by the 256-bit AES protocol, with multiple forms of protection in place to ensure the bad guys don't get in no matter how persistent. When you consider all that extra security, the prices won't scare you away either.
Sure, it's still expensive, four times the price of an equivalent 2TB drive, and unlikely to be the most nimble performer. But, you're paying for a product that's virtually uncrackable. Bear in mind, though, you'll get no help from the manufacturer if things go awry and you lose your password.
Read our full review: iStorage diskAshur DT
Gabe Carey and Matt Hanson also contributed to this article
(NEW YORK) -- The commercialization of Easter is something many Christians are familiar with. But some do not know the history behind the treats and gifts given during the spr...
Introduction
It's a new year and a new month!
Time for our “Top of the Month” Entertainment Guide.
What are some fun events around the D.C. area in the month of January?
Click through the gallery for video highlights and find the full list below.
(WTOP collage via YouTube)
Date Taken: 10.19.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:16 Photo ID: 3082942 VIRIN: 161019-A-PF724-001 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 6.39 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two fire engines were called to battle a shed blaze which had spread to trees and fences in Wistaston.
Firefighters from Crewe were called to the fire on Millrace Drive shortly before 6.10pm last night (Tuesday).
A spokesperson for Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service said: “On arrival crews found a large shed was well alight.
“The team used two hose reels and one breathing apparatus to extinguish the fire which also spread to trees and fences.”
Crews were at the scene for approximately 90 minutes. There were no reports of any injuries
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Hartford officials say they cannot find a 30-year-old insurance policy that could play a key role in any damages or settlement the city would have to pay in a lawsuit filed by a man wrongly imprisoned for murder for two decades.
The inability to locate the policy prompted federal Magistrate Judge Joan Margolis in New Haven on Monday to order the city to subpoena insurance companies in an effort to find it.
Miguel Roman, of Manchester, filed the federal lawsuit against the city and police officials in March 2011, alleging malicious prosecution, suppression of evidence and violation of his civil rights. City officials deny the allegations. His lawyers have been seeking information on the city's insurance policies since the lawsuit was filed nearly seven years ago.
“Mr. Roman is satisfied that the court granted him the relief that he sought,” said his lawyer, Rosemarie Paine. “The court's ruling provides a timeline for taking the necessary steps to locate the missing policy and move the case forward.”
Related: Man who served 20 years for murder he didn't commit gets $6M
Nathalie Feola-Guerrieri, senior assistant corporation counsel for the city, declined to comment. She wrote in court documents that city officials have made many efforts to find the policy, including asking insurance companies to look for it, but to no avail.
Roman, 61, was convicted of murder in the 1988 killing of his 17-year-old girlfriend, Carmen Lopez, of Hartford, who was pregnant. Roman, who was not the father of the unborn baby, served 20 years of a 60-year sentence before being released in December 2008 and later exonerated based on new DNA testing that resulted in another man being convicted of her killing.
State officials later awarded Roman $6 million for his wrongful conviction.
The “excess” policy that is missing could be key in the lawsuit because it would cover any damages or settlement the city would have to pay above $2 million, which is the liability limit of the city's primary insurance policy issued by Travelers that was in place 30 years ago. Hartford struggled with its finances over the past year and was near bankruptcy before getting help in the new state budget passed in October.
Traveler has recommended to the city that it notify the carrier of its excess policy about the lawsuit, because of the chance that any award to Roman could exceed $2 million.
The excess policy presumably was in effect in 1988, when Roman said he was wrongfully arrested. An unanswered question in the case is whether the city's insurance policies in effect in 2011, when he filed his lawsuit, would cover any award to him.
Roman has not disclosed a specific dollar amount for the damages he is seeking.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victims of burglaries, thefts and anti-social behaviour could be in for a shock when they are told police won't be coming to their door - they'll be investigating over the phone.
The astonishing decision will see a range of crimes, including criminal damage, fraud and public-order incidents - dealt with down the line rather than in person.
The decision by Staffordshire Police will mean victims of certain crimes won't be getting a visit from a bobby on the beat, but a call from a call centre set up in a closed down police station.
It comes after the force - like many across the country - has lost hundreds of officers to budget cuts in the last decade.
(Image: Stoke Sentinel / BPM Media)
Figures from the House of Commons show that last year the Prime Minister slashed £413million in funding for police forces across England - despite pledging to protect them.
The new telephone system is currently operating across North Staffordshire and 1,400 cases have been resolved since December.
Staffordshire Police Chief Constable Gareth Morgan stressed that the resolution centre will only deal with 'non-urgent' calls to 101..
He told the Stoke Sentinel : “I would agree we haven't got enough police officers - but this isn't being done because of that. Too much of what's coming in is being attended to by police officers or police staff and we don't want our officers dealing with everything. We need to prioritise much better how we are dealing with limited resources so we are choosing areas of things that don't require an immediate response.
“Officers are now on the phone to members of the public, taking statements and dealing with their investigations. We are investigating their crimes, we are just not attending their home to deal with it.
“It is a much more efficient process. We need to use more technology so we are able to have photographs downloaded to us and take statements over the phone or online."
The resolution centre operates from 8am to 10pm seven days a week and is staffed by 60 police officers and staff.
(Image: Stoke Sentinel / BPM Media)
Police will still dispatch officers in emergency cases and other cases deemed less urgent will still have an officer attend within an hour.
Inspector Mark Barlow said: "Previously with non-emergency calls, callers were put in a queue system and their cases were sent out to their local police officers who would attend as and when. Now, instead, they come to us and each case is allocated to an officer who puts it on their work list and calls them when they can.
“There were a lot of occasions where we would attend addresses, for CCTV, for example, and we would be wasting our time because that person wouldn't be in. By investigating this way - by using post, the internet or phone - we can get people to send in evidence so we can process it a lot quicker.”
But local residents' have slammed the changes.
East Bentilee Residents' Association chairman Alan Joinson said: "Young kids are running wild causing anti-social behaviour and if police officers won't be going out then they will be laughing.
“I'm in favour of old school policing and very rarely do you see officers on the beat on the estates. But I do have some sympathy because they don't have the numbers."
WASHINGTON (AP) — Defense Secretary Jim Mattis is looking to the Middle East and North Africa for broader contributions and new ideas to fight Islamic extremism as the Trump administration fleshes out its counterterrorism strategy.
His trip to the region this week includes stops with longstanding allies Israel and Saudi Arabia, and new partners like Djibouti.
As the administration enhances its efforts, Mattis has made a point of consulting counterparts around the world. His goals include expanding the American-led coalition against the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria, but also combatting al-Qaida, whose Yemen branch is posing particular worry as it uses ungoverned spaces in the Arab world's poorest country to plan attacks on the United States.
In announcing Mattis's trip, the Pentagon said last week he would be discussing ways to “defeat extremist terror organizations.”
Advertisement
Mattis is starting his travels Tuesday in Riyadh, where he is expected to meet senior Saudi leaders. Saudi Arabia is leading a coalition that is fighting Iran-backed rebels in Yemen. The coalition's airstrikes began two years ago but haven't driven the Houthi rebels from the capital and large parts of Yemen they still control.
The Trump administration is considering providing intelligence, aerial refueling and other military assistance to the United Arab Emirates, which is helping the Saudis. The U.N. says some 50,000 civilians have been killed or wounded in the three-year stalemate.
Worries about IS aren't limited to Syria and Iraq. Its influence has spread to Libya and elsewhere in North Africa. Mattis told a Pentagon news conference last week that he hoped to bring as many other nations as possible into the administration's new strategy, which involves diplomatic and other non-military features. He said that plan was still in “skeleton form,” though it was being “fleshed out.”
The Middle East's landscape is getting more complicated.
Syria's alleged chemical weapons attack on April 4 prompted a U.S. cruise missile strike, temporarily slowing the pace of Washington's air campaign against IS in northern Syria.
And a U.S. airstrike April 11 killed 18 fighters associated with a U.S.-supported Syrian rebel group. Central Command said the U.S. strike was misdirected.
Also last week, U.S. forces in Afghanistan struck an IS stronghold near the Pakistani border with the 11-ton “mother of all bombs,” the largest U.S. non-nuclear bomb ever used in combat.
The Middle East is familiar turf for Mattis, a Marine veteran of the Iraq war who rose to four-star rank. He finished his military career as head of Central Command, which directs U.S. military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
On his weeklong trip, Mattis also is scheduled to visit Egypt and Qatar, the small Arab country that hosts the U.S. military's main Mideast air operations center. It will be his first trip to these countries since taking office in January. He also will make a brief stop at Camp Lemonnier in Djibouti in the Horn of Africa, which the U.S. uses to fly sensitive drone missions over Somalia and Yemen. Mattis visited Iraq in February on his first trip to the Middle East as Pentagon chief.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the devastating gun attack on an Istanbul nightclub which killed 39 people.
In a statement released this morning, the group said a 'heroic soldier' had attacked the club.
It read: "In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate
holiday," the statement said.
A picture of the prime suspect police are hunting after the gunman 'screamed Allahu Akbar' before opening fire in a Turkish nightclub was released last night.
The suspect is a member of the East Turkestan branch of ISIS, according to Turkish media reports.
(Photo: Twitter)
Turkish intelligence forces are said to be closing in on the unnamed suspect who shot at revellers celebrating the New Year inside Reina nightclub.
The man is described as being from East Turkestan, Afghanistan or Chechnya, but authorities still do not know his name or precise nationality.
Some have blamed the attack on Islamic State and others said Kurdish militants were involved, but as yet, no one has claimed responsibility.
The leader of Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) has denied it had any involvement in last night's attack.
Horror CCTV caught the moment a gunman stormed into the exclusive club with an AK-47 as revellers were seen in CCTV diving to the ground as a hail of bullets sparked off cars.
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: Twitter)
A Lebanese woman who gave her name as Hadeel and was in the club with her husband has spoken of the moment the carnage unfolded.
She said: “At first we thought some men were fighting with each other.
“Then we heard the sound of the gunfire and ducked under the tables.
“We heard the guy screaming Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest), all three of us heard that ... We heard his footsteps crushing the broken glass.
“We got out through the kitchen, there was blood everywhere and bodies.”
The killer opened fire at the popular club in the Turkish city at around 1.15am local time as hundreds of young people were celebrating the arrival of 2017.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
Claims that the attacker was wearing a Santa Claus outfit have been rejected by Turkish authorities today.
Referring to the claim the country's Prime Minster said “This is not true,” despite chilling CCTV footage apparently showing a man with a red hat on inside the nightclub.
The leader of Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) has denied it had any involvement in last night's attack.
Of the 39 dead, 16 have so far been confirmed as foreigners and British authorities were trying to work out if any of those killed were UK nationals.
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: Twitter)
(Photo: Twitter)
A Foreign Office spokesman said: "We are in touch with the local authorities following reports of an incident at a night club in Istanbul."
The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) has warned Brits not to travel to Turkey following the attack.
Female private security guard from northeast Turkey Hatice Koc'un, 27, has been named as one of the victims of Istanbul's New Year terror attack.
Also among those confirmed dead are Reina nightclub waiter Kenan Kutluk and Leanne Nasser, who was on holiday with three female friends, all from the Arab-majority village of Tira in northern Israel.
For the latest updates read our live blog here:
Funerals have already started to take place in Istanbul to bury those killed, as Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan denounced the attack calling it an 'attempt to destabilise Turkey.'
Terrified revellers ran for their lives as the gunman, armed with an AK-47 assault rifle, tore through the exclusive venue slaughtering people at will.
Many dived into the nearby Bosphorus waterway and hid underwater waiting for police to arrive.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: Rex Features)
The mayhem began when the unknown attacker, who witnesses claim was shouting in Arabic as he blasted through the club, arrived in a yellow taxi, shot a policeman stationed outside and then stormed in.
Named as 21-year-old Burak Yildiz, the tragic officer had been in the job for just a year.
Once inside, CCTV footage showed the terrorist appearing to take off his coat as he ran around the club shooting people at random.
Initial reports claimed the gunman had barricaded himself in toilets.
But following a search involving armed police and bomb experts, it appears he remains at large.
Up to 600 people were believed to be in Reina at the time.
Located in the Ortakoy district of Istanbul, it is one of the most well-known venues in Turkey and is popular with the city's rich and famous.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Twitter/ @ informed)
Celebrities including Sting, Paris Hilton and Gisele Bundchen have visited in the past.
Some witnesses spoke of multiple attackers, but officials have not confirmed this.
Turkish Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said 15 or 16 of those killed were foreigners but that only 21 of the bodies had so far been identified.
He said 69 people were in hospital, four of them in a critical condition.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
He added: "A manhunt for the terrorist is underway. Police have launched operations.
"We hope the attacker will be captured soon."
The attack again shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara, some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Istanbul Governor Vasip Sahin said the attacker had used a "long-range weapon" to "brutally and savagely" fire on people, apparently referring to some sort of assault rifle.
US President Barack Obama, on vacation in Hawaii, expressed condolences and directed his team to offer help to the Turkish authorities, the White House said.
Sahin and Soylu both referred to a single attacker but other reports, including on social media, suggested there may have been more, at least one of them wearing a Santa Claus costume which he later ditched in order to escape.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
The Hurriyet newspaper cited witnesses as saying there were multiple attackers and that they shouted in Arabic.
"We were having fun. All of a sudden people started to run. My husband said don't be afraid, and he jumped on me. People ran over me. My husband was hit in three places," one club-goer, Sinem Uyanik, told the newspaper.
"I managed to push through and get out, it was terrible," she said, describing seeing people soaked in blood and adding that there appeared to have been at least two gunmen.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Dozens of ambulances and police vehicles were dispatched to the club in Ortakoy, a neighbourhood on the city's European side nestled under one of three bridges crossing the Bosphorus and home to nightclubs, restaurants and art galleries.
Sefa Boydas, a Turkish soccer player, wrote on Twitter: "I didn't see who was shooting but heard the gun shots and people fled.
"Police moved in quickly," .
"My girlfriend was wearing high heels. I lifted her and carried her out on my back."
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Hurriyet quoted Reina's owner, Mehmet Kocarslan, as saying security measures had been taken over the past 10 days after US intelligence reports suggested a possible attack.
Turkey, a NATO member and part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State, faces multiple security threats including spillover from the war in neighbouring Syria.
It launched a military incursion into Syria in August against the radical Islamist group and is also fighting a Kurdish militant insurgency in its own southeast.
The New Year's Eve attack came five months after Turkey was shaken by a failed military coup, in which more than 240 people were killed, many of them in Istanbul, as rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and fighter jets in a bid to seize power.
Istanbul, Turkey's most populous city, has seen several attacks this year, the latest on Dec. 10, when two bombs claimed by Kurdish militants exploded outside a soccer stadium, killing 44 people and wounding more than 150.
In June, around 45 people were killed and hundreds wounded as three suspected Islamic State militants carried out a gun and bomb attack on Istanbul's main Ataturk airport.
Next Up The Most Anticipated New Winter Shows
Now Playing The Walking Dead: What's Going to Happen in Season 8?
Jadis (Pollyanna McIntosh) and the junkyard gang aren't going anywhere on The Walking Dead.
TVGuide.com has confirmed that McIntosh has been promoted to series regular in Season 8, along with Steven Ogg, who plays Negan's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) right hand man Simon and Katelyn Nacon, who plays teenage survivor Enid -- and who has a bit of a will they/won't they relationship with Carl (Chandler Riggs).
It's great news that we'll be seeing more of Ogg and Nacon in Season 8. It's a little less great that we'll be seeing more McIntosh. She's very good with what she's given as Jadis, but Jadis and the Heapsters were one of fans' least-liked parts of Season 7, with their nonsensical characterization and baffling, grating dialect.
The promotions come after a seventh season that saw the exits of series regulars Steven Yeun, Michael Cudlitz, Austin Nichols and Sonequa Martin-Green.
The Walking Dead Season 8 premieres this fall on AMC.
Sanju Box Office Day 5: It was yet another rocking day for Sanju as the film continued to collect huge moolah at the Box Office. The film brought in 22.10 crore more which is a very good number, especially considering the fact that this is not a holiday week and there are regular days coming into play. With the fifth day turning out to be so huge as well, there is good stability that is being demonstrated by Ranbir Kapoor's starrer.
The film will become Ranbir's highest grosser ever this week itself since it is set to cross the lifetime numbers of Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani. Standing at 167.51 crore currently, the Rajkumar Hirani, Vidhu Vinod Chopra and Fox Star Studios film will also go past the 200 crore mark this week, hence turning out to be yet another major Blockbuster of the year after Padmaavat.
The Sanjay Leela Bhansali film had managed to cross the 300 crore mark and it would be the hold over the second weekend that would decide how Sanju would be challenging that number.
Note: All collections as per production and distribution sources
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Cole and ex-fiancee Camilla Dallerup famously split after the dancer was paired with newsreader Natasha Kaplinsky on the very first series of Strictly Come Dancing in 2004.
While veteran dancer Brendan, who was recently axed from the show after 13 years, was paired with Natasha, his then-fiancee Camilla, who he had been with for eight years, was paired with antiques expert David Dickinson.
It was alleged at the time that Brendan, 41, had a fling with his celeb partner- giving rise to the dreaded 'Strictly curse'.
The pair denied the affair but Camilla split from Brendan, saying the break-up "was like a mini-death".
(Image: BBC)
(Image: Nicholas Bowman)
Now, finally addressing the long-persistent rumours, Brendan suggested that no affair took place because he was very much single after his relationship with Camilla came to an end not long after the series kicked off.
The New Zealand-born professional told the Daily Mail : "I've never talked about what relationship Natasha and I had on the show. What I did learn is that Strictly is not reality. It's a television show where emotions are very much heightened.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"It's a unique situation and a fantastic show to be part of, but when you take it away, life just goes back to normal."
The dancer, who is now married to model Zoe Hobbs, went on: "I didn't cross any lines with Natasha. I was single. Camilla had ended the relationship very early on in the series so what happened happened after that.
"It was a harrowing time - winning the show as much as my friendship with Natasha. On the other hand it was like, Holy Moses. It can ruin a marriage so easily."
(Image: PA)
(Image: BBC)
Speaking about the 'curse', he admitted everyone who takes part on the show - and their other halves - are very much aware of it, saying jealousy is always heightened because dancers and their partners forge such a close bond and experience a huge journey together.
While addressing past freindships and unsubstantiated reports, Brendan said of wife Zoe, who is pregnant with their second child: "Zoe trusts me but does she like it? No. Does anybody like to see anything gossipy being put out there about their husband even though they understand the industry? No."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: WENN.com)
Brendan and Zoe wed in 2010 and share five-year-old daughter Aurelia together.
Natasha tied the knot with with private equity professional Justin Bower a year after being paired with Brendan on the show. The couple share two children together.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tom Cruise could be out of action for months after reportedly breaking two bones while filming the new Mission: Impossible movie.
He's a Hollywood mega star famed for doing his own dangerous and death-defying stunts.
But Tom's daredevil ways almost got the better of him after he spectacularly crashed into a wall on the set of Mission: Impossible 6.
And it turns out that Tom could need months to recover from his injuries after breaking two bones, according to The Sun .
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: Flynet)
A film insider said: "The injury is worse than was at first feared. Tom did serious damage and will need months to recover.
"He is the film's biggest star and everything revolves around him. The movie's bosses had no choice other than to postpone the filming."
The 55-year-old actor was filming scenes for the upcoming action flick in central London when he was spotted perilously dangling from a crane by ropes.
As the dramatic footage shows, fearless Tom took a brave leap between two buildings.
The star misjudged the leap, momentarily flailing in midi air, and then went crashing into what looked like a brick wall.
He was seen momentarily struggling to hang on to the side of the building - with his bare hands - before struggling to pull himself up following the tumble.
His brush with danger left Tom literally on his knees, before he managed to pull himself off and limp away with an apparent injury to the ankle.
(Image: WENN.com)
He was filming in Blackfriars, central London, but after X-rays revealed the extent of the damage, he's reportedly going back to the US for treatment.
Reprising his role as U.S. government operative Ethan Hun, Tom has shown an unnerving willingness to do his own stunts throughout the movie franchise.
In an interview on ITV's Lorraine Tom said: "It's not that I don't get scared when I'm doing these things. It's that I don't mind being scared."
For the last Mission Impossible flick 2015, Tom was filmed hanging from a plane with just a small wire lies between him and certain death.
(Image: Flynet)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In 2011 - to the insurers delight - the actor dangled from the world's tallest building, the 123-story Burj Khalifa in Dubai while shooting Mission Impossible: The Ghost Protocol.
Director Brad Bird told The New York Daily News of his sleepless nights ahead of filming.
He said: "One night, after one of the earliest shooting days, I bolted up in bed realizing that we had our star dangling about a mile up in the air on a thin wire and my brain was screaming, ‘What the hell are we doing?'"
India's second largest telecom player Vodafone has unveiled its ritual Ashadh initiative, with two 'Vodafone Mobile Vans' set to join lakhs of pilgrims on their annual padayatra to Pandharpur.
The 'Vodafone Mobile Vans' are equipped with free calling facility, mobile phone charging points, recharge vouchers and M-Pesa money transfer service to help the Warkaris stay in touch with their loved ones throughout the duration of their journey.
The Warkaris will be able to make use of the facilities at all halting points of the Palkhi on the way to Pandharpur. Each van is equipped with 8 phones and over 50 charging points for the convenience of Warkaris, the telco said.
Ashish Chandra said, "This year Vodafone Play will provide wholesome entertainment to the warkaris during their halts. All through the 21 days long arduous trek, the Warkaris have strength in knowing that Vodafone's seamless, uninterrupted and reliable network is on hand to ensure they are always in touch. Going forward, we look forward to continuing our endeavor to enhance the spiritual experience of the Warkaris.
Additionally, this year the Vodafone Mobile Vans will also be equipped an LED screen that will stream live content such as news, bhakti bhajans and religious movies through Vodafone Play - Vodafone's single destination for entertainment. Warkaris can now not only stay updated with news and also get wholesome entertainment on the go.
Meanwhile, the telco has joined hands with Grandmaster Vishwanathan Anand to promote Vodafone RED.
Beginning July, Grandmaster Vishwanathan Anand will be seen making some smart moves, endorsing Vodafone RED.
A series of three television commercials will show him propagating the benefits of choosing the smartest postpaid plan to popular cricket presenter Gaurav Kapoor.
The campaign will focus on the key differentiators of Vodafone RED like Entertainment, International Roaming, Complimentary Mobile Insurance and Lowest Bill Guarantee across TV, Print, and Digital media.
Siddharth Banerjee - EVP, Marketing, Vodafone India said: " This campaign aims to position Vodafone RED as India's smartest postpaid, enabling our existing and new customers to make the smartest choice. We are glad to have chess champion and youth icon Vishwanathan Anand on board, who best fits the proposition of India's smartest postpaid."
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Carson Wentz threw a touchdown pass a few plays after suffering an injury that could ruin a special season for the Philadelphia Eagles, and then stuck around to greet teammates and celebrate a division-clinching victory with them.
It's always team-first for No. 11.
Two sources familiar with the injury told The Associated Press that doctors believe Wentz tore his left anterior cruciate ligament in a 43-35 comeback win over the Rams on Sunday and will miss the rest of the season and playoffs.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, will have an MRI on Monday to confirm the severity of the injury. Both people spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to release the information.
Advertisement
After the game, Wentz's left knee was wrapped in a brace. He was driven in a cart up the tunnel at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum and then hobbled to one of the team buses.
Windows 10 is arguably the most efficiently coded operating system from Microsoft, but it also contains a vast number of features which require large amounts of system resources. On the plus side, the latest iteration of Windows also has some extremely useful built-in features to improve overall efficiency.
If you've found that your computer's performance has slowed down, there are a number of usual suspects who are most probably responsible including bloatware, temporary files and less powerful hardware.
In this guide, we'll explore ten of the best ways that you can speed up Windows 10 today, including defragging, clearing out unwanted programs, disabling superfluous special effects and even performing hardware upgrades.
1. Restart your PC
While this may seem an obvious step, many users keep their machines running for weeks at a time. Windows 10 will automatically put the display to sleep, but any processes which have previously been started will continue. These can accumulate over time and slow down your computer.
You can fix this issue by shutting down your PC each day once you have finished using it, by clicking on the Windows button and selecting the 'Power' button.
Make sure to close any running programs and save your work before you do so. If your PC has slowed down to the extent that you can't display the Windows menu, manually hold down the Power button until the computer is fully powered off.
Microsoft continually releases updates for Windows 10 which are designed to fix common bugs that reduce system performance. Some of these are fairly minor whereas others make significant changes to your system, maximising efficiency.
If machine performance is lagging, open the Windows menu and type 'Update' in the search bar and click 'Check for Updates' to access your settings.
If a major update is available, then make sure to save and back up your personal data before continuing. Your PC may need to restart several times to apply all available updates. If it's been a while since your last update, make sure to click 'Check for Updates' again after restarting to make sure no more are available.
3. Check startup apps
PCs can become bogged down by the sheer number of running processes. This is often because many installers will instruct Windows to run their programs immediately after you log in, slowing down system speed.
To check your startup programs, open Task Manager (Ctrl + Alt + Del), then click the 'Startup' tab. Pay close attention to the 'Startup Impact' values for each program e.g. 'High' as this is a good way to spot apps that are likely to slow your system down.
To prevent a program from launching on login just right-click and choose 'Disable'.
4. Run Disk Cleanup
Disk Cleanup is an extraordinarily built-in Windows utility. You can use it to clear out temporary files which accumulate on your machine, such as image thumbnails, downloaded program files and offline webpages.
Click the Windows menu and type 'Disk Cleanup' in the search bar to get started. The utility will offer you a choice of files to remove. Simply mark the check box next to each option. Click 'Clean up system Files' to begin. Disk Cleanup will calculate the amount of space you will save.
This is also a good opportunity to delete any files on your hard drive which you no longer need. An easy place to start is your 'Downloads' folder.
5. Remove unused software
Many PC vendors ship their machines with bundled third party software, which due to its large size and unnecessary nature is sometimes referred to as 'Bloatware'. Many computer users also install software for a specific purpose and never use it again e.g. designing a newsletter.
Redundant programs take up space on your hard drive and can reduce performance. To check your installed apps go to 'Control Panel'>'Programs'>'Programs and Features'>'Uninstall a Program'.
Right-click on any programs you no longer need and select 'Uninstall'. Windows 10 will ask for permission to make changes to your system. Click 'Yes' to continue.
6. Disable special effects
Windows 10 is rather heavy on the special effects side. By default Windows and other features are programmed to fade in and fade out of view. Other resource-intensive but unnecessary features include translucency and animations.
To take your PC back to basics, open the Windows menu and search for 'System', then go to 'Advanced Settings' tab and select 'Performance Settings'.
Under the 'Visual Effects' tab, click the radio button for 'Custom'. From here, you can uncheck the tick boxes next to any visual affects you want to disable. Click 'Apply' to confirm your changes.
7. Disable transparency effects
Besides making heavy use of your system resources to display features like animation, Windows 10 also employs transparency effects for certain features such as the task menu. This seemingly light and simple effect is actually quite complicated to draw, as the system needs to calculate the same plane twice.
To disable transparency effects, open the Windows menu and type 'Make Start, taskbar and Action Center transparent'. This will pull up the 'Color' Settings. From here you can choose to switch off transparency.
You can also change the default app mode here between 'Light' and 'Dark'. This won't affect your system speed, but may make your Desktop easier on the eye.
8. Upgrade your RAM
Your PC's overall speed can be hugely improved by increasing the amount of virtual memory (RAM). Windows 10 requires a minimum of 4GB to run smoothly, although this does not take into account resource hungry applications such as video games.
The easiest solution to this is to install more RAM. Your PC has a certain number of RAM 'slots' into which you can insert chips. To determine the type of memory your machine uses, open Task Manager (Ctrl + Alt + Del), then click 'Performance'. The system will display any memory slots in use as well as the type use e.g. DDR4.
Installing new RAM chips is quite simple. If you do it yourself use an anti-static wrist strap to prevent damage to delicate components. Alternatively many PC repair stores will be happy to do the hardware upgrade for you, for a small fee.
9. Use an SSD
SSDs (Solid State Drives) use Flash memory, the same kind found in USB sticks. They allow for much faster access and writing times then traditional mechanical hard drives which use magnetized disks.
SSDs do cost much more per GB than regular hard drives, but if you're are willing to pay the cost, you'll notice a huge improvement in boot time, files access times and overall system responsiveness.
If you want to buy an SSD to install yourself make sure you have the correct size for your machine (2.5" for portable devices, 3,5" for desktop machines). You can use free software such a Clonezilla to copy content from your current hard disk to your new SSD. See our guide on how to clone your hared drive with Clonezilla.
10. Run System Maintenance
Windows 10 has a built-in utility which performs routine system maintenance tasks such as defragmenting the hard drive, scanning for updates, and checking for malware.
These tasks usually run in the background while your PC is idle but if you have noticed an issue with system performance you can run maintenance manually if you wish.
To get started, open Control Panel, select 'System and Security' then choose 'Security and Maintenance'. Click the arrow to expand the maintenance options. From here you can select 'Start Maintenance'. Close and save any open files before going ahead.
Windows 7's version of Microsoft Paint is a big step up from the edition provided with Windows Vista, but it's still not much use for editing photos or creating your own graphics from scratch.
GIMP (the GNU Image Manipulation Program) is a brilliant open source photo editor that's amazingly powerful, and is available to download and use completely free. It's not quite as feature-packed as Adobe Photoshop, but it has everything hobbyist photographers need to make their shots look amazing before printing them or sharing them online.
You can even add more tools and filters by installing plugins – including ones designed for use with Photoshop.
A person holds a banner of Russian President Vladimir Putin in Manezhnaya square, near Kremlin in Moscow, Sunday, March 18, 2018. An exit poll suggests that Vladimir Putin has handily won a fourth term as Russia's president, adding six more years in the Kremlin for the man who has led the world's largest country for all of the 21st century. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin)
A person holds a banner of Russian President Vladimir Putin in Manezhnaya square, near Kremlin in Moscow, Sunday, March 18, 2018. An exit poll suggests that Vladimir Putin has handily won a fourth term as Russia's president, adding six more years in the Kremlin for the man who has led the world's largest country for all of the 21st century. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin)
MOSCOW (AP) - Vladimir Putin now has a stronger hold on Russia - and stronger place in the world - thanks to an overwhelming mandate for yet another term as president.
His domestic opponents are largely resigned to another six years in the shadows. His foreign opponents are mired in their own problems, from Britain's messy exit from the European Union to chaos and contradiction in the Trump administration.
Even widespread voting violations are unlikely to dent Putin's armor. And accusations that he meddled in the U.S. election and sponsored a nerve agent attack in Britain have only bolstered his standing at home.
Here's a look at what to expect from Putin's next six years in power, for Russia's rivals, neighbors and its own 147 million citizens.
___
NEW COLD WAR?
Relations between Russia and the West are already at their lowest level since the collapse of the Soviet Union 26 years ago.
Despite a friendly-ish relationship with President Donald Trump, Putin's new mandate gives him little incentive to seek entente with Washington, especially as the investigation of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election intensifies.
Putin-friendly leaders have made gains in recent Italian and German elections. Western countries are likely to see more Russia-linked hacking and propaganda aimed at disrupting elections or otherwise discrediting democracy - including the U.S. midterm elections in November.
Since Putin's domestic popularity bumps whenever he stands up to the West, expect more tough talk from Putin the next time he faces threats at home, and bolder Russian vetoes at the U.N. Security Council of anything seen as threatening Moscow's interests.
His claim several weeks ago that Russia has developed new nuclear weapons that can evade missile defenses clearly showed Putin's adamant determination to boost Russia's power to intimidate.
___
SYRIA AND THE EXTREMIST THREAT
Russian-backed Syrian forces helped rout the Islamic State group from Syria, and Putin argues that Russia saved the day in a conflict that had confounded U.S.-led forces fighting against IS.
Now those Russian-backed Syrian forces are closing in on the last strongholds of Western-backed rebel forces.
Viewing that as a geopolitical and military victory over an illegal Western-led intervention, Russia is unlikely to pull out of Syria anytime soon.
An emboldened Putin could position the resurgent Russian military as a peacemaker in other regional conflicts - for example in Libya, where Russia has oil interests and where a disastrous Western invasion seven years ago left a lawless state now seething with extremists.
___
RUSSIA'S NEIGHBORS
To Russians, Putin's biggest victory in 18 years in power was annexing Crimea and crushing Ukraine's ambitions to move closer to the EU and NATO.
Putin is frustrated at the resulting U.S. and EU sanctions but appears unwilling to make concessions that would bring them to an end. Ukraine is split between a volatile government in Kiev and a Russia-backed separatist region stuck in a frozen but still deadly conflict that serves Putin's interests.
Moscow's actions in Ukraine sent a warning signal to other countries in Russia's orbit that reaching westward is dangerous. And former Soviet bloc states within the EU are increasingly drifting back toward Moscow, from Hungary and Poland to the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
___
FELLOW RUSSIANS
Putin's new mandate could theoretically hand him the power to make bold reforms that Russia has long needed to raise living standards and wean itself from its oil dependence.
But Putin has convinced Russian voters that drastic change is dangerous, and that protecting the country from threats takes precedence over improving daily life.
Experts predict he may enact some changes like expanding affordable housing and fighting corruption on a local level.
But less likely are bigger changes such as overhauling the pension system, which is unpopular among a strong Putin voting base, or spending cuts in the security sector, unpopular among the ex-KGB friends in Putin's entourage.
Russia has weathered a two-year recession, and inflation and the deficit are low. But personal incomes have stagnated, the health care system is crumbling and corruption is rife.
___
HIS OWN FUTURE
The biggest question for Russians over the next six years is what happens after that.
Putin is constitutionally required to step down in 2024, but he could change the rules to eliminate term limits, or anoint a malleable successor and continue to run things behind the scenes.
Asked at an impromptu news conference Sunday night if he would seek the presidency again in 2030, when he would be eligible again, the 65-year-old Putin snapped back: "It's ridiculous. Do you think I will sit here until I turn 100?"
Opposition leader Alexei Navalny, Putin's most serious foe, will face further pressure from authorities as he works to expose corruption and official lies.
Other Putin rivals such as candidate Ksenia Sobchak and oligarch-turned-dissident Mikhail Khodorkovsky will try to gain a foothold through upcoming local elections and the parliament.
And members of Putin's inner circle will be jockeying for position for the day when he is no longer in the picture.
Putin may revive efforts to promote artificial intelligence and other innovation as part of a focus on the younger generation, whose loyalty he needs to ensure his legacy outlives him.
Friday Afternoon Accident
On 10/6/17 at approximately 13:50 hours, the Mt Pleasant Police Department responded to a motor vehicle accident at the intersection of Main and Washington St in Mt Pleasant IA. It was determined that a 2014 GMC Acadia was traveling westbound, operated by Brandi Simons stopped for vehicles turning and was struck from behind by a 1989 Chevrolet operated by Larry Heitmeier III who was traveling westbound as well. The Henry County Sheriff's Office and Henry County Ambulance assisted at the scene. Heitmeier was cited for speed and the total damage was estimated at $1500.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street viewers are in for an emotional evening as Johnny Connor comes clean about his health issues to his daughter Kate.
The character has just been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis (MS), a condition that affects mobility, co-ordination and thinking - but he doesn't want Jenny to find out as she'll feel compelled to become his carer.
Kate confronts her dad over his secretive ways and demands to know what's going on, which is when he takes the decision to tell her about his life-limiting condition.
Later, when he's alone in his flat, Johnny trips and falls over, hitting his head on the coffee table and collapsing unconscious.
Elsewhere on the cobbles, Maria tells David that she's given Aidan an ultimatum and is convinced he'll pick her over Eva. David has some doubts, but Aidan does indeed tell Maria he wants to be with her - but she'll need to be patient while he breaks up with Eva.
Sadly for Maria, Aidan shares a secret kiss with Eva - caught on camera by a covert Adam.
It comes after Corrie star Richard Hawley, who plays Johnny in the soap, admitted his new multiple sclerosis storyline has turned his life around.
Viewers earlier this week saw Johnny call off his wedding to Jenny Bradley whilst hiding his illness from friends and family.
And tonight he will finally share his secret with Kate, saying: “I've got multiple sclerosis. It turns out I have had the symptoms for years I just didn't realise it. I won't destroy another woman I love. I don't want Jenny to be my carer.”
Actor Hawley, 61, has been working with the MS Society to make the storyline realistic and has met and become friends with MS sufferer Richard Bones.
Asked about how the storyline had affected him personally he said: “Yes, it has changed me, I take lessons from what I have learned. I feel really enriched by the whole experience. Once you are through the diagnosis you get on with your life and in someways it feels like life but slightly supercharged.
“There is an end for all of us and there is probably some illness and pain. As you get older various bits and bobs go wrong.
“My dad had Alzheimer's and dementia and there is something out there waiting for us all.
“But from speaking with the MS Society I have learned you should try to get on with building creatively and positively and try to be courageous.
“And I have tried to do a bit more and enjoy where I am and be engaged with life.
“We are in a time where life is about hope not fear, and caring for one another.
“MS is not a great thing but it helps people to treasure the preciousness of life and trying to keep going forward.”
It's estimated that there are more than 120,000 people diagnosed with MS in the UK. It is a condition which can affect the brain and/or spinal cord, causing a wide range of potential symptoms, including problems with vision, arm or leg movement, sensation or balance.
Hawley first learned of the MS storyline for his character Johnny at the start of the year.
Show boss Kate Oates is planning on the illness storyline continuing for the long term on screen as Johnny slowly comes to terms with the illness and more people find out he has it.
Hawley added: “The first thing Kate said was it is not an exit story, which I sort of knew because it is not that rapid unless it is a severe case. Johnny's type is relapsing and remitting. He has had it actually for at least two decades he realises.
“It is a massive upheaval for him and you can go into emotional lockdown.
“But this is kind of just the start. You don't get rid of it so whatever goes on, it will partially be there in the background. My view is of course it changes you and the way you approach your life.
“Johnny shuts down and doesn't want anyone to know.
“The future is there is going to be turmoil, redemption, happiness and sadness as ever.
“The imagined future for me is it is really useful to see someone adjust to various aspects of life.
(Photo: WireImage)
"I know the character who is one who needs work, you can hide a lot in work.”
After working with the MS Society the actor has stayed in touch with Richard Bones and he hopes his performance will do justice to the research and conversations they have had.
Hawley added: “One of the first things I talked about with Richard was being a man and how difficult vulnerability can be as a man, to ask for help and to change the way they are thinking.
“It sort of about identity and people who have MS say ‘I have got MS but MS doesnt have me'. So it is about defining yourself.
“One of the things is it you are partly representing someone's life so I want to do it well.
“It is not just the exterior it is how you feel when something happens to you and the impact it has on the others around you. It is a good, deep honest and nurtured story.”
A bride and groom headed to Costa Rica for their wedding got kicked off their United flight out of Houston on Saturday afternoon.The incident took place on United Airlines Flight 1737 which was headed from Houston (IAH) to Liberia, Costa Rica (LIR).The couple, along with their friends, were flying from Salt Lake City and had a layover at George Bush Intercontinental Airport.Michael Hohl, the groom, said he and his fiancé, Amber Maxwell, were theAccording to Hohl, theywhen they approached their seats, 24 B and C.Not wanting to wake the man, Hohl said they decided toin seats 21 B and C. He said they didn't think it would matter because the flight was half full with multiple empty rows.We thought not a big deal, it's not like we are trying to jump up into a first-class seat," said Hohl."We were simply in an economy row a few rows above our economy seat."In a Boeing 737-800 like the one the couple was on, United considers Row 21 "economy plus," an upgrade.After sitting, Hohl said a flight attendant approached and asked if they were in their ticketed seats. The couple explained they weren't and asked if they could get an upgrade, but instead they were told they needed to return to their assigned seats.Hohl saidThe couple cooperated and got off the plane without incident, but they still don't understand why."They said that we were being disorderly and a hazard to the rest of the flight, to the safety of the other customers," said Hohl.The airline provided this statement on Saturday:"We're disappointed anytime a customer has an experience that doesn't measure up to their expectations. These passengers repeatedly attempted to sit in upgraded seating which they did not purchase and they would not follow crew instructions to return to their assigned seats. We've been in touch with them and have rebooked them on flights tomorrow."The bride and groom wereg, but Hohl said they won't be flying United again and described the whole situation as "quite strange.""I think customer service and the airlines has gone real downhill," said Hohl. "The way United Airlines handled this was really absurd."Despite their flight delay, their wedding is still planned for Thursday.United Airlines recently made headlines after a doctor was violently dragged off a flight as seen in a video that went viral.
"We'll have our chances to work together," the QB said. "I'm not going to go into it more than that. It's not really anybody else's business."
Jones has gone silent on social media and hasn't spoken in months to the Atlanta media, but he did provide some reassuring words to Falcons fans when the gossip site TMZ caught up with him last weekend as he was leaving a swanky restaurant in West Hollywood .
"Everyone wants a story right now. There's no story to be told," Jones insisted. "I'm just working on getting myself better. I'm just working on myself right now. That's all that is. There's no bad blood between me and the team or anything like that."
Jones insisted that he plans to remain with the Falcons for the rest of his career, echoing a sentiment expressed by owner Arthur Blank.
"Everybody on the outside (is) trying to look in and trying to destroy what we built there," Jones said. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll be there. I love the team. I love the organization. I love everybody there. I'm good."
Still, Jones' decision to skip OTAs has been a major topic of conversation around Atlanta, with fans and sports talk radio weighing in almost daily on his future with a team that reached the Super Bowl during the 2016 season and the second round of the playoffs last season.
Everyone can rest easy, Quinn insisted.
Jones has assured his coach that he'll be at the team's mandatory minicamp, which is scheduled for June 12-14.
"The guys who are really close to him, obviously they keep up," Quinn said outside the locker room after practice. "It's not like they don't hang out and talk on the phone and do stuff together. They may not be spending the amount of time here, in the building, that they normally do. But that doesn't mean they don't spend time away from here. So, no issues on our end.
"I know he's working really hard. I've had contact with him, obviously. We can't wait to get him back, here, with the guys. But he's really putting good work in. I think we'll see the results of that work, hopefully soon."
The 29-year-old Jones is a huge weapon in the Falcons' offence , using his rare combination of speed, size and power to shake off constant double-teams. Last season, he had 88 catches for 1,444 yards — his fourth straight season with at least 80 receptions and 1,400 receiving yards. In 2015, he had one of the greatest seasons ever by an NFL receiver — 136 catches (tied for the second most in league history behind Marvin Harrison's 143) and 1,871 yards (surpassed only by Calvin Johnson's record of 1,954) .
Ryan certainly recognizes the bond he has with his favourite receiver.
They've been together since 2011. They won't be any trouble getting back in sync, Ryan said confidently.
As soon as Jones shows up, that is.
"No concern," Ryan said. "He's always been extremely well prepared coming into seasons, going into games. Talk about being on the same page: we've played together for a long time. When he's healthy and he feels good , like he does right now ... it's very easy to get on the same page. He's so talented. So, we're fine."
___
Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Paul Newberry, The Associated Press
A search for false teeth ended in a mother being brutally beaten in-front of her son.
A search for false teeth ended in a mother being brutally beaten in-front of her son. Inga Williams
A WOMAN'S head was repeatedly smashed into the ground while her terrified son watched on after a group of drunks broke into her caravan to look for a set of false teeth.
But despite the 45-year-old being left bloodied, bruised and traumatised, her attacker won't spend a day behind bars.
When the woman - who suffers from a paralysed arm - returned to her home at a Kilkivan caravan park in November 2016, she found Brianna Margaret McEvoy, 44, Tevor William Lane, 51, and Eric Robert Crane in her annex.
The trio were heavily intoxicated and had broken into the caravan to search for a pair of false teeth that Crane had lost when he previously lived there.
When confronted, McEvoy punched the woman, grabbed her by the back the neck and continued to punch her face until she fell the to ground.
She then repeatedly smashed the woman's head against the ground and hit her in the head with a dog bowl.
When McEvoy's victim called out to her 11-year-old son to call for help, she punched her again.
Crane then spat in the woman's face and tipped a glass of wine over her before McEvoy drove towards her in a car.
McEvoy today pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to single counts of burglary, assault occasioning bodily harm while armed and in company and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle.
Lane, who was sentenced separately, pleaded guilty to assault occasioning bodily harm while armed and in company and four charges from an unrelated incident.
The court heard while Lane never assaulted the woman during the attack, he was charged on the basis he was encouraging the act.
Lane has been jailed previously for domestic violence offences and has a criminal history that "demonstrates ongoing abuse of alcohol", according to Crown prosecutor Lily Brisick.
His former partner, McEvoy also has a history of alcohol abuse, but only a minor criminal history.
Defence barrister James Benjamin's argument McEvoy's behaviour was "out of character" was accepted by Judge John Robertson.
Judge Robertson gave Lane a head sentence of three years' imprisonment with parole eligibility in May, taking into account the 298 days he's already served.
McEvoy was granted immediate parole on a head sentence of two years imprisonment.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Environmental Protection Agency says it plans to scrap an Obama-era measure limiting water pollution from coal-fired power plants.
A letter from EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt released Monday as part of a legal appeal said he will seek to revise the 2015 guidelines mandating increased treatment for wastewater from steam electric power-generating plants.
Acting at the behest of electric utilities who opposed the stricter standards, Pruitt first moved in April to delay implementation of the new guidelines. The wastewater flushed from the coal-fired plants into rivers and lakes typically contains traces of such highly toxic heavy metals as lead, arsenic, mercury and selenium.
“After carefully considering your petitions, I have decided that it is appropriate and in the public interest to conduct a rulemaking to potentially revise (the regulations),” Pruitt wrote in the letter addressed to the pro-industry Utility Water Act Group and the U.S. Small Business Administration.
Pruitt's letter, dated Friday, was filed Monday with the Fifth Circuit U. S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, which is hearing legal challenges of the wastewater rule. With Pruitt now moving to rewrite the standards, EPA has asked to court to freeze the legal fight.
While that process moves ahead, EPA's existing guidelines from 1982 remian in effect. Those standards were set when far less was known about the detrimental impacts of even tiny levels of heavy metals on human health and aquatic life.
“Power plants are by far the largest offenders when it comes to dumping deadly toxics into our lakes and rivers,” said Thomas Cmar, a lawyer for the legal advocacy group Earthjustice. “It's hard to believe that our government officials right now are so beholden to big business that they are willing to let power plants continue to dump lead, mercury, chromium and other dangerous chemicals into our water supply.”
EPA estimates that the 2015 rule, if implemented, would reduce power plant pollution by about 1.4 billion pounds a year. Only about 12 percent of the nation's steam electric power plants would have to make new investments to meet the higher standards, according to the agency.
Utilities would need to spend about $480 million on new wastewater treatment systems, resulting in about $500 million in estimated public benefits, such as fewer incidents of cancer and childhood developmental defects.
___
Follow Associated Press environmental writer Michael Biesecker at http://Twitter.com/mbieseck
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Rome, December 11 - Snow, rain and high winds hit road and rail links in Italy with the centre and north most affected Monday. Train traffic was disrupted in Piedmont because of snow and rain, while there was a risk of avalanches in Trentino, 150km winds near La Spezia, and ferry links suspended to and from many islands. Rivers were also being watched for the risk of breaking their banks. "The situation is more critical in Liguria and Piedmont," said rail network company RFI. A car that skidded off the road and into a stream in the Apennine foothills near Bologna was recovered by divers late Monday afternoon. In Veneto to the north, many mountain passes were closed because of the risk of avalanches. In Tuscany, a "prolonged" red alert over ice and snow was issued. In Marche, strong winds and icy gales blew trees and branches onto roads but no one was hurt. There was flooding and damage to electrical power networks in southern Campania and near Isernia. "The situation is complicated, patience is needed," said Transport Minister Graziano Delrio. Delrio spoke of the risk of ice forming on rail transport wires and lines, stopping traffic. "New technologies always improve the performance of the lines and the tracks," he said. "Therefore, it is clear that with new technologies and more investments they are making in in modernisation, it will be increasingly easy to tackle this problem," said the transport minister. "The investments of (rail network company) RFI in the last three years amount o around 30 billion euros which we have at our disposal. "Over the previous three years they were six billion, and this shows the effort they are making to modernise the network, a very important effort," said Delrio.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A major British drug gang involved in smuggling cocaine, trafficking weapons, abduction and torture has been smashed by police after four investigations.
Prosecutors say the mob, described as “the most sophisticated” by police in Scotland, used brutal violence while dealing in drugs, firearms and dirty money.
Their list of crimes include the horrific abduction and torture of a man over an unpaid cocaine debt, shooting of a gangland figure at a home and a terrifying arsenal of weapons stashed inside a car.
The criminals used fake facial hair and wigs as well as encrypted mobile phones to avoid getting caught while crimes were committed in stolen high performance cars.
The details emerged as nine gang members yesterday returned to the High Court in Glasgow where they had earlier pleaded guilty to various charges, the Daily Record reports.
(Image: Daily Record WS)
(Image: Daily Record WS)
David Sell, 50, Barry O'Neill, 37, Anthony Woods, 44, Francis Mulligan, 41, Michael Bowman, 30, Mark Richardson, 30, Gerard Docherty, 42, Steven McArdle, 33 and Martyn Fitzsimmons, 37 will be sentenced next month.
Prosecutor Alex Prentice QC addressed the court during a two hour narrative of the facts of the case.
The group were caught as a result of four major investigations into serious and organised crime.
(Image: PA)
Links to the probes emerged after a large consignment of firearms were found during one operation.
Mr Prentice said: “The organised crime group is the most sophisticated encountered by Police Scotland.
“Their operation centres on the importation of vast quantities of cocaine.
“Their role is as wholesalers to other organised crime groups. They are at the top of the chain in terms of drugs transactions in Scotland and the UK as a whole.”
Related Video:
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Daily Record WS)
The court heard the crew were also involved in “firearm trafficking” to “violently enforce their own operation.”
The advocate depute: “The firepower at the disposal of this crime group is unprecedented in terms of the history of organised crime in Scotland.”
Serious violence also played its part and Mr Prentice explained how drug dealer Robert Allan became a target.
He met Barry O'Neill in March 2013 in Glasgow's west end in connection with a £45,000 cocaine haul.
(Image: Daily Record WS)
(Image: Daily Record WS)
(Image: Daily Record WS)
Allan later complained about the “quality” of the drugs.
It was agreed with a member of the crime clan he could return some of the drugs – but had to pay £30,000.
But, when he was later unable to stump up the cash, Allan fled Scotland for Barnsley, South Yorkshire.
(Image: PA)
He was traced, however, in March 2015 before being subjected to a horrific attack.
David Sell turned up at his door joined initially by two other armed men.
Sell went on to sit on a couch beside the victim and pointed a handgun at him.
(Image: Daily Record WS)
(Image: Daily Record WS)
(Image: Daily Record WS)
The court heard Allan had his chest, arms and ankle bound together with a chain leaving him unable to move.
One of the men said to him: “It's not about the money. It is the f****** principle.”
Mr Allan was later bundled into a van and driven hostage to a desolate industrial unit in Fauldhouse, Midlothian.
It was there Sell acted as a “guard” in between the victim being brutally beaten.
He was punched and kicked while a fourth man held a gun.
(Image: PA)
Mr Allan was then whipped with a thick chain, smacked with a metal bar and left with a broken leg after being battered with a 14-pound sledgehammer.
One the group went on to state: “Are you alright? Don't want you f****** dying. Don't want to be up on a murder charge.”
With a fifth man now on the scene, the victim was ordered to strip – before being sprayed with a bleach.
The liquid seeped into his painful wounds causing further agony.
(Image: PA)
The court heard Mr Allan stood “naked, wet and humiliated”.
But, the ferocious violence continued with a hooded Mr Allan – also suffering a fractured cheekbone – then transported to a rural spot near East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire.
Sell was not present – but two of the other men pulled him from a car and pinned him down.
Mr Prentice: “Robert Allan was then shot three times – twice in one knee and then the other.”
Mr Allan was then dragged to the top of a hill and ordered to roll down.
(Image: PA)
As the attackers left, members of the public came to the stricken man's aid.
He was rushed to hospital with a host of serious injuries including gunshot wounds to his knees.
The court heard the most recent update is that Mr Allan needs a crutch to help him walk.
Sell was linked to the crime when it emerged he had made “special admissions” to a then partner.
Sell, of East Kilbride, admitted in court to being involved in abducting and assaulting Mr Allan to his permanent disfigurement and impairment as well as to the danger of his life.
O'Neill meantime pled guilty to being concerned in the supply of cocaine.
(Image: PA)
As part of the probes, Mr Prentice then told how police focused on premises and cars used by the mob.
These were for the “concealing, packaging and transporting” of cocaine, cash and firearms.
Mr Prentice: “This was the capacity in which Michael Bowman worked for the group and in doing so facilitated their criminal activities.
“Anthony Woods and Francis Mulligan were both involved in these activities.”
The trio earlier pled guilty to having roles in “serious organised crime”.
Mulligan was described in court as the “electronics expert” for the mob.
Premises across Scotland including Heatheryknowe Farm near Glasgow and Hill Street in Wishaw, Lanarkshire were raided.
(Image: PA)
The court was told the gang even had the cheek to get a “full rates rebate” at some.
The mob also used stolen high-performance cars including two £85,000 Audi RS6 motors as well as a £30,000 Volkswagen Golf.
Police believed they were to be used as “getaway” vehicles which would then be burnt out.
They also used “distinctive encrypted” mobile phones to communicate.
Disguises such as fake facial hair and wigs were also found.
The hearing was told the group used “counter surveillance and anti surveillance tactics”.
This included specialist “signal jammers”.
(Image: PA)
Mr Prentice: “It became apparent to police that the group were conscious of anti surveillance and police activity and were employing covert and anti surveillance tactics.”
A shooting at the home of Robert Kelbie in Ratho, Edinburgh was also investigated by police in September last year.
The court heard gang member Gerard Docherty “discharged bullets from a firearm” into the conservatory of the cottage.
Kelbie was at home at the time with his ex-partner, two children, his mother and sister.
Mr Prentice: “He (Docherty) took up a vantage point in the neighbouring garden standing amongst foliage and behind a three foot high boundary wall.”
As Kelbie sat down, he heard “loud cracking sounds”. He then got his mum to press a panic alarm.
Docherty was snared after DNA linked him to the scene. However, he denied any knowledge of the shooting.
Detectives discovered a massive haul of deadly firearms at a lock-up in Glasgow's Anniesland earlier this year.
They were hidden in a “engineered compartment” of the rear bumper of a Honda CRV car.
The consignment included Glocks, a Beretta, sub machine guns, a grenade and bullets.
Steven McArdle was caught with Glock handgun at a house in Wishaw, North Lanarkshire in August last year.
In January, Mark Richardson was held after a similar weapon was found hidden in a car in Glasgow's Baillieston.
Former army war veteran turned gun-runner Martyn Fitzsimmons also had a Glock and ammunition as well as hiding £36,000 of dirty money.
Judge Lord Beckett remanded all nine in custody and deferred sentencing until next month.
REDLANDS >> Police said Monday a man already jailed for unrelated charges is their prime suspect in a downtown shooting that happened in late January.
Ramon Lopez, 18, was arrested by California Highway Patrol officers following a high speed chase Jan. 29, court records show.
However on Jan. 28 shortly after 5:30 a.m. a portion of downtown Redlands was blocked off while police investigated the scene where a parked vehicle with people inside was shot at.
Police allege Lopez was the one who opened fired on the car, according to a Redlands Police Department news release.
According to the release, Lopez also reportedly robbed an Uber driver shortly after the shooting.
Lopez is being held in lieu of $1 million bail at the High Desert Detention Center in Adelanto for suspicion of two counts of attempted murder, robbery, burglary and vehicle theft. He's also being held in lieu of $500,000 bail for suspicion of evasion, possession of a stolen vehicle theft and driving under the influence.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Halsey is a survivor.
Related: G-Eazy & Halsey are Ride-or-Die on ‘Him & I'
That's the theme of the pop star's latest music video, “Sorry.”
The clip features a bloodied Halsey stumbling through a post-apocalyptic city street littered with bodies and crashed vehicles after what looks like a multi-car collision.
The clip was co-directed by Halsey and Sing J Lee.
“Sorry” is the latest track from Halsey's most recent full-length, Hopeless Fountain Kingdom.
Watch the video below:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Almost six in 10 Brits admit they take life too seriously, according to a study.
Researchers who polled 2,000 UK adults found most are so caught up in the hustle and bustle of daily life their losing their sense of fun.
We're also less willing to let our hair down and try new things as two thirds admitted they're not spontaneous at all.
Three quarters of frustrated Brits said they don't say ‘yes' often enough and 59 per cent wish they more readily adopted a ‘why not?' outlook to life.
In fact, some of the most positive life experiences among those polled have happened as a direct result of being ‘more fun' – including meeting ‘the one' and making new friends.
(Image: Getty)
Commissioned to celebrate new reduced sugar chocolate bar, Milkybar Wowsomes, the research found nearly half the population have a ‘glass half full' mind-set.
A spokesman for Milkybar Wowsomes said: “As we get older, we take things more seriously, which sometimes means losing our spirit of adventure or sense of fun.”
The research also identified some of the UK's biggest ‘everyday regrets' – including questionable haircut choices, not travelling more widely when younger and accidentally reading TV spoilers.
Others wish they spent less time at work than they do, lament not starting a business and feel bad about joining the gym but never visiting it.
(Image: Getty)
And some regret not having more hobbies, some wish they hadn't agreed to work late in coming days and some feel guilty about letting friends down recently.
Lending something to someone but subsequently fearing you won't ever get it back is another common ‘everyday regret.'
As it is finding out an item of clothing you've been eying up for a while is now sold out.
Amid this, 42 per cent feel burdened by their regrets and often think about what they would or should have done differently.
(Image: Getty)
A spokesman for Milkybar Wowsomes added: “Despite having regrets in the past, many of us have a glass half full approach to life and wish we'd said yes to more things.”
Week three of April will not disappoint in terms of Denver concerts. All week long we have music from every corner of the genre spectrum listed for you to see. With Red Rock's opening concert and 420 in line of sight, there's a lot to look forward to. Read on to see just what shows we have for you.
Monday, April 17
Recommended – Thursday with Touche Amore, Basement and City Aviv @ Summit Music Hall
Formed in 1997, the New Jersey post-hardcore band of four made their debut in 1999 with its album Waiting. While taking several years to work on new music, the band was signed to New York's Eyeball Records and proceeded to release its second album Full Collapse in 2001. The band gained traction after touring with Boy Sets Fire, which helped gained momentum for the EP and earned a spot on Billboard's Top 200. Through the early years of 2000, Thursday toured numerous festivals such as Coachella and Vans Warped Tour. Though disbanding in 2013, the now re-energized group announced in March 2016 that they were reuniting and back out on tour.
Get tickets here.
Also see:
New Found Glory with Trash Boat (night one) @ The Marquis
The Walters with Summer Salt and Panther Martin @ The Hi-Dive
Monday Night Menagerie featuring The High Desert, Peak2Peak, Goodnight Freeman and more @ Cervantes' Other Side
Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra @ Dazzle Jazz
Tuesday, April 18
Recommended – NE-HI with American Culture and Slynger @ The Hi-Dive
With its newly released album Offers, the Chicago-based band of four set its sights on their 2017 tour. Back in 2014, the band gained popularity and a devoted following when it toured their first self-titled album alongside artists Twin Peaks and Car Seat Headrest. The indie-rock band enamors their audience through dreamy vocals, catchy tunes and an energetic D.I.Y.-like stage presence.
Get tickets here.
Also see:
New Found Glory with Trash Boat (night two) @ The Marquis
Austin Piazzolla Quintet @ Dazzle Jazz
Fareed Haque with Tony Monaco Trio @ Nocturne Jazz
Wednesday, April 19
Recommended – Method Man & Redman with Flatbush Zombies, Curren$y and More @ Red Rocks
Red Rocks begins it's 2017 season with the Wu-Tang/Def Squad MC duo for an amphitheater-sized pre-420 event. Known for their “fuck you” personalities, the pair is also known for throwing intensely energetic shows. Since the release of its first album Blackout! in 1999, the duo has had an incredible two-decade long career, and seemingly has no plans to stop. Though this is a day prior to 420, it's never too early to party.
Get tickets here.
Also see:
Uz with Oski and Kyral x Banko @ The Bluebird
New Found Glory with Trash Boat (night three) @ The Marquis
The Damned 40th Anniversary Tour with Bleached @ Summit Music Hall
RE:Search featuring Artifakts with Gibbz, Pandasaywhat?!, Mikey Thunder and Jubee @ Cervantes' Other Side
River Whyless with Y La Bamba @ Larimer Lounge
J.O.B. (Just Ova Broke) with 3Two, Bukue, Kind Dub and BullHead*ded @ Lost Lake
J&L Defer with Clarke and the Himselfs and Bark Wilson @ The Hi-Dive
Red Axes @ Bar Standard
Ravi Coltrane Quartet @ Dazzle Jazz
Blackout! With Reed Wolf @ 3 Kings Tavern
Fuckup Nights featuring Paul Tamburello of Generator Real Estate hosted by Kiwi Schoffel of Craft Boner @ Ophelia's
Motown Groove @ Goosetown Tavern
Raul Midón @ Soiled Dove Underground
Last Podcast on the Left @ Globe Hall
Paul Musso Trio plays the King Cole Trio @ Nocturne Jazz
Thursday, April 20
Recommended – Gucci Mane @ The Ogden
May 2016 marked the end of Gucci Mane's two year stint in an Indiana Federal penitentiary. With his newfound outlook on life and ambition in the industry, Gucci has released several albums, one of which was dropped only months post-incarceration. He's since collaborated with artists such as Travis Scott, Young Thug, Drake and Kanye – and his feature on Rae Sremmurd's hit track “Black Beatles” earned him his first Billboard number one single. This is Gucci Mane's Denver debut so if you're hoping for a decent view of the stage, I'd plan ahead to arrive early.
Get tickets here. *Sold Out
Also see:
Flosstradamus @ Red Rocks
of Montreal with Christina Schneider's Jepeto Solutions @ The Bluebird
Break Science with Marvel Years and Maddy O'Neal @ The Gothic
SuicideGirls Blackheart Burlesque @ Summit Music Hall
Method Man & Redman with Afroman and Cousin Stizz @ Cervantes
Dizzy Wright with ItsEvi, Talent Among Us, OTIS featuring DJ Cos and RIMES @ Cervantes' Other Side
This Broken Beat with Valienta, Overslept, Never Let This Go and VYNYL @ Larimer Lounge
Creature Canopy with Rosedale, Citra, Chasing Apollo and Time Scale @ The Marquis
Honey Trap with Flahoola, To Be Astronauts and Electric Lovegods @ Lost Lake
Paper Diamond + Falcons with Berk + Ananda @ Beta Nightclub
420 On The Block @ Bar Standard
Ravi Coltrane Quartet @ Dazzle Jazz
Crafts & Drafts with music by Mammyth and Sounds Like Words @ 3 Kings Tavern
DeadPhish Orchestra with Dead Floyd @ Ophelia's
Joshua Powell & The Great Train Robbery with Anthony Ruptak and Solohawk @ Goosetown Tavern
Cycles with Mama K and the Shaes and Kaleid @ Globe Hall
Lisa Loeb with Ian Mahan @ Soiled Dove Underground
Mindscar with Torn The Fuck Apart, End To End, Eye of Minerva, Horde Of Draugar and Gore Loaf @ Herman's Hideaway
Carmen Sandim Quartet @ Nocturne Jazz
Friday, April 21
Recommended – Thievery Corporation @ The Fillmore
With two decades under its belt, the Washington D.C.-based duo is no novices when it comes to producing. Thievery Corporation released several popular singles in 1996, which eventually helped them gain a loyal following. After years of mixing, remixing and collaborating with other artists of the same caliber, Rob Garza and Eric Hilton have become staples in the chill-wave, dub and trip-hop realm. Though tough to pinpoint, the pair have made the melting-pot of genres its forte. Come see these veteran producers this Friday at the Fillmore.
Get tickets here.
Also see:
Pierce the Veil / Sum 41 with Emarosa and Chapel (night one) @ The Ogden
Kitchen Dwellers with Part & Parcel and Kind Country @ The Bluebird
Mustache Bash featuring Kinetix with The Kinetix and White Russian @ Summit Music Hall
Alt Nation's Advanced Placement Tour with MISSIO, Coast Modern and Sundara Karma @ The Marquis
The Lituation (Special Friday Edition) @ The Hi-Dive
Whiskerman with Bear Antler @ Larimer Lounge
Halfoween II featuring Monroe Monroe @ Lost Lake
The Underachievers with Jubee featuring Brisco Jones @ Cervantes
Tribute to Blue Note guitarist Grant Green featuring Eddie Roberts, Alan Evans, and more with special guest DJ Marcos Boricua @ Cervantes' Other Side
Protohype with Dirt Monkey + !TYRO @ Beta Nightclub
Lil Flip with Gillie Da Kid (4pm-8pm) @ The Roxy
Welcome Home Luca Brasi Mile High Puff & Pass Party featuring Hotboy Major with Young Show (9pm-midnight) @ The Roxy
Diamond Rio @ Grizzly Rose
Zendid @ Bar Standard
Dolan & DJ Abilities @ The Oriental
The Pharcyde with Stay Tuned and DJ A-L @ Ophelia's
Ravi Coltrane Quartet with Gumbo le Funque @ Dazzle Jazz
Spit Black with Ultimate Price, Full Bore, Vaalbara, Dreamcast and Theia @ Seventh Circle
Highway50 with The Plates and Denver Vintage Reggae Society @ Goosetown Tavern
Human Country Jukebox with Jeff Cramer Trio and Erika Ryann @ Globe Hall
Steal Your Peach Allman Brothers & Grateful Dead Mashup (night one) @ Be On Key
420 Reggae: Pressure Busspipe featuring Mountain Lion Dynasty and SM3 MEDIA-POD @ Herman's Hideaway
The Keith Oxman Quartet @ Nocturne Jazz
Saturday, April 22
Recommended – Beats Antique @ The Fillmore
Formed in 2007, Beats Antique has put its own unique twist on electronic dance and world music for the last decade. The trio has a long history of experience in the industry including backgrounds in New Orleans jazz, hip-hop, as well as Arab and Balkan music. But the list doesn't end there. It incorporates the aforementioned genres as well as French Gypsy jazz, dub reggae and flamenco into an incredible worldly-blend of sound.
Get tickets here.
Also see:
Pierce the Veil / Sum 41 with Emarosa and Chapel (night two) @ The Ogden
G Herbo with MikeMinded and A Meazy @ The Bluebird
Zepparella (All-Female Zepplin Powerhouse) @ The Gothic
Devin the Dude with Ice C.R.E.A.M., Dallas Garcia, UFO (CO) and Dro Esco @ Summit Music Hall
HELSTAR / Legion of Death with Dimension, Carnivorous Greed and Mothraship @ The Marquis
Dylan Earl & the Reasons Why with Extra Gold and High Plains Honky @ The Hi-Dive
Rumpke Mountain Boys with Cascade Crescendo and Canyon Collected @ Cervantes' Other Side
Z-Trip @ Beta Nightclub
Mona with Flagship @ Larimer Lounge
Switch Ghost with Galvarino @ Lost Lake
Chris Webby @ The Roxy
Say Werrrd? @ Bar Standard
Amendola vs Blades with Ricky Earl Band @ Dazzle Jazz
Lissa and Swiss' Birthday featuring Granny Tweed, Hot Apostles and Dirty Few @ 3 Kings Tavern
Eddie Roberts with Alan Evans Chris Spies, Alex Scott, Nick Gerlach and Tenor Sax Tribute to Blue Note guitarist Grant Green with special guests @ Ophelia's
The Lucitones with Dyer Fire and more @ Seventh Circle
I'm A Boy with Dead Orchids and 9 Volt Fatale @ Goosetown Tavern
Flash Mountain Flood with Kind Hearted Strangers and Moonlight Bloom @ Globe Hall
Steal Your Peach Allman Brothers & Grateful Dead Mashup (night two) @ Be On Key
Prince Tribute @ Herman's Hideaway
Anisha Rush Quartet @ Nocturne Jazz
Sunday, April 23
Recommended – Snoop Dogg / Wiz Khalifa with Cypress Hill @ Red Rocks
Hailing from Long Beach, California, Snoop Dogg is one of the most successful rappers in the industry. Under Dr. Dre's wing, Snoop released his first album Doggystyle, which became the first ever debut album to list as number one. After several years of legal battles, Snoop proceeded to rehabilitate his image and focus on his music including popular albums Tha Doggfather and Not Limit Top Dogg. With almost two-and-a-half decades in the industry Snoop has made himself a cultural icon. His resume consists of collaborations with artists like Swizz Beats, Ice Cube, Stevie Wonder and Justin Timberlake, alongside an incredibly long list of other artists. Though known for his lackadaisical/gangster persona, Snoop Dogg never ceases to entertain an audience. Even after years on the stage, he has yet to diminish in liveliness. Come end your week with the West Coast legend this Sunday at Red Rocks.
Get tickets here.
Also see:
Silversun Pickups with Kiev @ The Ogden
Betty Who with VÉRITÉ @ The Bluebird
Coheed and Cambria @ The Fillmore
Turbid North with False Cathedrals, Fixing God and Casket Huffer @ The Moon Room at Summit Music Hall
Coolzey with An Hobbes, Everai, J Bomb and AG Flux @ Larimer Lounge
The Highway Finds with Steve Moakler, Drew Baldridge and SmithField @ The Marqius
Branches with Wildermiss and Turvy Organ @ Lost Lake
The Obsessed with Fatso Jetson, Karma To Burn and Cloud Catcher @ The Hi-Dive
Afton Showcase featuring Nijah Chnai, Elias, Snake Monsta, Ghost, Smurph, KINGPEN KEN, AuthenticMind, Problem Twisted Child, Low-Hanging Fruit and more @ Cervantes' Other Side
Hot Since 82 with Hoang @ Beta Nightclub
Live at the Roxy @ The Roxy
The Adam Bodine Trio with Julian Coryell, Chuck Lamb, and Joe Anderies performing Larry Coryell @ Dazzle Jazz
Never Turn Down with LKeys, Young Tenner and Colorado Myrical @ Herman's Hideaway
Want to get this list before everyone else?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The horror of a huge inferno that engulfed a tower block in West London, killing at least 12 people and leaving dozens injured, has been captured in a series of amateur videos of the blaze.
The death toll of the fire at Grenfell Tower is expected to rise to "more than 50", amid claims "nobody on the top three floors survived".
One video posted on social media shows a firefighter battling to extinguish the fire as flaming debris and hot glass fall around him.
Another shows a brave firefighter carrying a girl to safety as the flames rages behind him.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
There are 'possibly hundreds missing' - although the exact number is understood to be hard to establish as dozens were rushed to hospital without names being noted.
The fire started at just before 1am, with fire crews taking less than six minutes to arrive at the scene.
In their latest update, London Ambulance Service said it had taken 68 injured to six London hospitals - on top of the 10 people who made their own way there. Of these patients 18 are listed as 'critical'.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Steve Apter, from London Fire Brigade, described the fire as "unprecedented in scale, speed and strength." He said 250 firefighters battled the blaze and crews expected to be at the scene overnight to deal with the fire.
He said by 5pm today fire crews had searched almost all of the building.
Residents are claiming they were previously told to stay inside the building in the event of a fire - and some are known to have believed it to be safer than escaping via stairwells that were thick with smoke.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In chaotic scenes, some parents were forced to throw their young children to safety from several flights up of the tower block. Others told television crews that they had seen people jumping from windows.
Some were spotted screaming for help from the tower block - waving torches to get the attention of firefighters - while others used knotted bedsheets to try to escape.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One video captured blankets hanging from windows, not quite reaching the ground, and many apartments with their lights still illuminated.
At least one person was spotted falling from a window as the first fire engine arrived at around 1am - while another trapped woman was spotted holding her baby out of another window.
Others, dressed in their nightclothes, say they stepped over dead bodies in their bid to escape - while one man was seen jumping with a 'makeshift parachute'.
- Eerie first pictures from scene of Grenfell Tower fire showing children's toys and water-logged stairwell- CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL STORY
Police were spotted using riot shields to protect fire crew from falling debris as they battled to reach those who are trapped - with people still being rescued 11 hours after the blaze started.
A Lancaster West estate resident's committee member said they are working with a missing list of "possibly hundreds" of residents - but that nobody who lived on the 21st residential floor or above is thought to have survived.
There are 24 floors of flats in the 24-storey Grenfell Tower, and police have already confirmed six fatalities, but that figure is expected to rise significantly.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The committee member, who did not want to be named, said: "I have been told that anyone past the 21st floor did not make it.
"The firefighters told them to stay where they were.
"We have a list of missing people there are so many, it's possible there are more than 50, possibly hundreds."
"But the tenant management organisation say it's likely many of those missing are in hospital and have just not checked in.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Lots of people here are looking for their families.
One man broke down as he spoke to the BBC about what he had seen.
Residents who escaped are explaining the horrific scenes they witnessed as friends and neighbours threw their children to safety to be caught by people below.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One witness said he saw a 'child on fire' jump from the 22nd floor as the blaze took hold.
One man, who saw a friend throw two people to safety - and people jump from windows - broke down in tears as he said simply: "We saw a lot. We saw a lot."
A nurse who treated the injured at the scene said people were "spitting out black tar that had gone on their lungs".
Another eyewitness, Samira Lamrani, 38, who lives nearby, claims she saw people "throwing their kids out" of windows and heard people screaming: "Help me! Help me! Save my children! Save my children!"
- 'Save my children': Grenfell tower residents 'throw children from burning building' in desperate bid to save them - CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL STORY
People with relatives in the block have rushed to the scene and have been spotted waiting behind police tape for news of loved ones.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One explained how their mother "had to step over a dead body" as she made her way to safety.
At least one child has been reported missing - after the family of Jessica Urbano phoned her mother terrified as she was trapped inside.
- Missing girl, 12, phoned mum in terror from fire escape of Grenfell Tower as inferno tore through building - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL STORY
Young children were seen waving for help from upper floors and at least one child was spotted being pulled to safety on the ground by firefighters.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Residents are claiming on social media that the smoke was too thick in corridors to leave their flats and use fire escapes - while others say they shut their doors because they believed their flats to be 'fireproof for at least an hour'.
- What to do if your tower block catches fire and why sometimes it's best to stay in your flat - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL STORY
Fire chiefs said the first call came in at 12:54am and the first crew was on scene in less than six minutes.
In a statement at 9.45am it was revealed they had managed to reach the 19th and 20th floors.
Mirror reporter Andy Lines is at the scene and says that fires are still breaking out in the building at different locations and debris is falling.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He says he has witnessed heroic scenes 'reminiscent of 9/11' of firefighters gearing up and walking into the blaze as new fires break out all over the building and debris continues to tumble.
Denise Bloomfield, 37, who was evacuated from a nearby flat, said: "You could feel the heat from where you were standing. It was scary. It was like watching a movie.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"People were like zombies in their pyjamas. It was just not real."
She had looked out of her window and "saw the whole building on fire and people screaming for help".
(Photo: London News Pictures Ltd)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Twitter/@LondonFire)
(Photo: London News Pictures Ltd)
She said: "We ran out and saw the whole building on fire. People near me were screaming because their loved ones were there.
"There was nothing you could do because we were being pushed back. There was nothing you could do because it was too big. The fire just took so quickly.
"There were people who were just surviving ... and waiting for the fire to take them, just waiting to die.
Grenfell Tower block fire: Live updates as multiple deaths are confirmed in horror blaze in west London
"They were taking in air from the window. One person had a light so you knew they were there."
Shocking images show the fire tearing through Grenfell Tower in North Kensington as firefighters tackled the inferno - with around 120 flats affected and several hundred people known to be at home at the time it broke out.
- Terrified victims of Grenfell Tower fire have been left homeless – here's how you can help - CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL STORY
Harrowing video footage showed trapped residents hanging the makeshift ropes made of sheets and blankets out of their windows several storeys up as flames and debris rain down the side of the building.
One resident who escaped from the 7th floor with his daughter told Mirror reporter Andy Lines the fire was so intense it was "like petrol being poured over it".
(Photo: London News Pictures Ltd)
(Photo: REUTERS)
People living nearby are rallying around to help - providing shelter, clothing, food and water - and celebrities are appealing on social media to help those in need.
A "major incident" has been declared and London Fire Brigade said 200 firefighters backed up by 40 engines were "working extremely hard" at the scene.
Firefighters were spotted rushing into the inferno - and one severely disabled woman was spotted being carried to safety.
The fire engulfed almost every floor from the 2nd to the 27th - and as dawn broke it was clear there are still people trapped.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Video footage emerged on social media of people on the street calling up to trapped residents at windows asking what floor they are on in an attempt to help guide the emergency crews.
About 30 adjacent flats have been evacuated by police - and a large cordon has been established around the inferno.
Many residents managed to make it out in their pyjamas.
An emergency number has been set up for people who are concerned for loved ones who live in the building - call the Casualty Bureau at 0800 0961 233 .
The cause of the blaze is not known - unconfirmed reports have suggested that a resident's fridge may have caught fire. London Fire Brigade says it is too early to establish the cause.
- Residents of Grenfell Tower block posted chilling warning of 'catastrophic event' if landlord didn't improve fire safety - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL STORY
Many people on social media have been quick to blame cladding which was recently placed on the building as part of a major £8.7million refurbishment for the reason the fire was able to take hold so quickly.
Residents are saying they have been warning of a major incident likely to happen.
- Grand Designs' Kevin McCloud suggests safety aspects weren't fully addressed after 'dangerous' cladding used in Grenfell Tower - CLICK HERE TO READ FULL STORY
The Metropolitan Police said earlier that residents were being evacuated and there were "a number of people being treated for a range of injuries."
One onlooker said he could hear people screaming, writing on Twitter: "More screams for help as the fire spreads to another side of the building."
Grenfell Tower fire: Live updates as 200 firefighters battle horror blaze at block of flats
Fabio Bebber, earlier tweeted live from the scene, and said: "We can see how quick the fire spreads via the external panels.
"It's unbearable hearing someone screaming for their lives at Grenfell Tower."
Another wrote: "Watching Grenfell Tower (24 storeys) burning in West London Latimer road area. All floors and columns burning."
George Clarke, the presenter of Amazing Spaces, told Radio 5 Live: "I was in bed and heard 'beep, beep, beep' and thought, 'I'll get up and run downstairs as quickly as I could'.
"I thought it might be a car alarm outside and saw the glow through the windows.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I'm getting covered in ash, that's how bad it is. I'm 100 metres away and I'm absolutely covered in ash.
"It's so heartbreaking, I've seen someone flashing their torches at the top level and they obviously can't get out.
"The guys are doing an incredible job to try and get people out that building, but it's truly awful."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Actor and writer Tim Downie, who lives around 600 metres from the scene in Latimer Road, said he feared the block could collapse.
He said: "It's horrendous. The whole building is engulfed in flames. It's gone. It's just a matter of time before this building collapses.
"It's the most terrifying thing I've ever seen. I just hope they have got everyone out.
"The first I knew was the noise of sirens, helicopters and shouting. I saw it engulfed in flames."
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: London News Pictures Ltd)
"People have been bringing water, clothes, anything they've got to help, out to the cordon.
"I have seen people coming out in their bedclothes - it's just very distressing."
Meanwhile it's emerged residents had issued a chilling warning about fire safety just months before this morning's blaze.
In a series of blog posts since 2013, a residents' group called the Grenfell Action Group repeatedly criticised Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation (KCTMO) - the company which manages the tower block - over its fire safety record.
It's also been claimed this morning that Theresa May's new chief of staff was one of a series of housing ministers who “sat on” a report warning high-rise blocks like Grenfell Tower were vulnerable to fire for four years.
This morning Assistant Commissioner Dan Daly from the London Fire Brigade described the blaze as "large and very serious".
The Metropolitan Police have set up a casualty bureau for anyone concerned about their friends and family on 0800 0961 233.
Morning everyone, and welcome to Whaleoil's daily General Debate post (another one called Backchat will start at 6pm). To participate you'll need to register a free Disqus account.
There are some rules, and if there is one thing about Whaleoil that you need to know is that these rules are dispassionately and strictly enforced. (No really. Just the tiniest of slip ups and you're toast. This place is brutal. No sense of humour what-so-ever. You've been warned.)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Holly Willoughby fans were left stunned when the Morning host shared snaps of her glamorous mother and grandmother on Monday.
The trio were enjoying an early Christmas lunch on Monday and Holly, 36, first posed alongside her mum Lynne for a selfie.
"Christmas lunch with the gals... #family #mummy," she wrote.
And the picture was soon flooded with adoring comments from her 2.9million Instagram followers.
(Image: hollywilloughby/Instagram)
(Image: hollywilloughby/Instagram)
"Good looks clearly run in your family. Beautiful!" one of her fans shared.
"You look like sisters," a third wrote.
"Your mum is gorgeous, I see where you get your beautiful looks from now Holly," said another.
Holly then followed it up with another beaming shot as she posed alongisde her glamorous grandmother.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: WireImage)
"And the chief girl of the family... my nan!" she captioned the picture of them both smiling broadly into camera.
"You're both stunning!" another one her fans wrote underneath the shot, while a second said, "Gorgeous gals."
And: "Lovely photos it's clear to see that the beauty genes have been handed down from grandmother to daughter to granddaughter."
Missing family pet parrot found on New Zealand cruise The West Australian
The Queensland family thought they'd seen the last of Harri.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ruth Langsford's 'promotions girl' past was revealed love on This Morning to a shocked Eamonn Holmes.
During a discussion on Formula 1 'grid girls' being banned, the presenter revealed she delved into promotions in her younger years.
At the age of 19, someone dropped out and a friend asked Ruth if she would step in, but she admitted she "was not very good".
Her husband seemed confused yet impressed and asked if she was "scantily dressed" and if any photos were available.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Ruth and Eamonn had been chatting to Michelle Westby, a former grid girl who used the platform to become a stunt driver.
Just a few days after the Professional Darts Corporation banned its Walk-on Girls, Formula 1 has followed suit by banning the use of promo models, commonly called Grid Girls.
But the decision has prompted outrage amongst many of the women and critics have blasted it as 'ridiculous' and 'prudish'.
Kelly Brook, Jodie Marsh, Melinda Messenger and Katie Price have all had the role, but one surprising name to add to the list is Ruth.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
The Loose Women panelist argued that the focus should be on the motor sport world to include women and train them as drivers.
She claimed that the idea of grid girls was "old fashioned" and they should be able to get in on merits.
But after Michelle revealed she got into the role after a friend dropped out, Ruth revealed she had a similar experience.
(Image: ITV)
Eamonn said: "It just occurred to me, I've had this thought that you will kick me in the shin for, did you not tell me you used to be a promotions girl?"
Revealing all, Ruth said: "No I said I did the same once, someone dropped out and a friend asked if I could come and do it and I was not very good."
Shocked Eamonn asked: "So you were a promotions girl?"
Ruth did admit there were a few problems that made her promotions career stop before it really began.
She said: "I was a bit bored. I was on my feet for so long."
Giggling Eamonn wanted to know when it happened and asked if there were pictures, as well as if his wife was "scantily dressed".
"No I was not," snapped Ruth, who revealed she was 19 when it happened.
* This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10.30am
DENVER -- When Andrew Suarez starts Wednesday for the San Francisco Giants, he will try to help them avoid being swept by the Colorado Rockies and solidify his spot in the Giants' changing rotation.
Colorado left-hander Tyler Anderson (5-3, 4.23 ERA) will oppose Suarez (3-4, 4.18).
Before his team lost 8-1 on Tuesday to the Rockies, Giants manager Bruce Bochy announced that Johnny Cueto will be reinstated from the 60-day disabled list to start Thursday against St. Louis and Jeff Samardzija will come off the 10-day disabled list and start Saturday against the Cardinals.
Cueto (elbow strain) went 3-0 with an 0.84 ERA in five starts for the Giants this season. His last start for the Giants came April 28, and he pitched 7 2/3 scoreless innings in two rehab starts for Triple-A Sacramento.
"Johnny's set to go," Bochy said. "He passed all the tests, checked every box off. Been throwing the ball well. Hasn't given up a run there. Bullpen [session Monday] went fine. Been hitting, bunting. I talked to Johnny. He said, 'I'm ready to go. I feel better now than before [the injury].' When you get one of your big guys ready to go, you pitch him."
Bochy said Cueto would be limited to 85 pitches Thursday, and Derek Holland, if he doesn't come out of the bullpen in the Rockies series, would back up Cueto.
Samardzija will pitch for the Giants for the first time since May 29. Bochy said that Dereck Rodriguez, who was scheduled to pitch Thursday, will instead start Friday. Madison Bumgarner, of course, will take his regular turn Sunday. That leaves Suarez or Chris Stratton for the final spot in the rotation. Both pitchers have minor league options.
Suarez might have the advantage because he has pitched well lately. He went 2-0 in six June starts, and in his last outing Friday at Arizona, he allowed one run in six innings. Suarez made his Coors Field debut and first start against the Rockies on May 28 and allowed four runs (three earned) in five innings in a no-decision after heeding advice from catcher Buster Posey.
Suarez said, "I remember the last time we were, before my bullpen, Buster came up to me and he was like 'As long as you keep throwing it right, it'll be fine. But if you try too much, that's the problem you'll have. Your stuff isn't as good.' I just made sure to just throw it normal."
Meanwhile, Stratton gave up a career-high 11 hits and a career-high eight runs in 5 2/3 innings Tuesday. In his past six starts, Stratton is 1-3 with a 5.79 ERA.
Anderson threw a career-high eight scoreless innings with one walk and eight strikeouts Wednesday at Los Angeles in a 3-1 win over the Dodgers. Anderson is 2-2 with a 2.70 ERA in his past five starts with six walks and 32 strikeouts in 33 1/3 innings. He's 0-2 with a 5.56 ERA in four career starts against the Giants, including a no-decision May 20 at AT&T Park where he gave up five runs in 5 1/3 innings as the Rockies lost 9-5.
The Rockies have won 14 of their past 16 games from the Giants (45-42) at Coors Field. The Rockies (43-43) have climbed back to .500 by winning five of their past six games. They have been getting outstanding starting pitching, the latest effort being seven scoreless innings Tuesday from Antonio Senzatela in his first start this season for the Rockies.
The Colorado starters have pitched well in six of the past eight games, going 4-0 with a 2.15 ERA in that stretch and allowing 12 earned runs and 31 hits in 50 1/3 innings with 11 walks and 41 strikeouts.
"We're only going to go as far as they do," Rockies third baseman Nolan Arenado said. "They're pitching great. They're giving the offense a chance. Quick innings, which is huge."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The world is waiting to find out the name of Britain's newborn prince.
He arrived on St George's Day weighing 8lbs, 7oz.
Mum Kate Middleton, 36, birthed the bouncing baby boy after a five-hour labour at the exclusive Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital, in Paddington.
She emerged glowing just seven hours later, along with Prince William, 35, proudly showing off their third child.
The baby is the Queen's sixth great-grandchild and fifth in line to the throne.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
But there is one question we ALL want the answer to, and stat: What is his name?
Traditionally the royals like to keep us guessing, and it would seem with 'Prince X' there is no exception.
Following the birth of Princess Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, Kate and Will waited a spectacular 54 hours and 29 minutes to share her name with the world.
The little princess was born at 8.34am on Saturday May 2 2015, weighing 8lbs, 3oz.
But it wasn't until Monday May 4 at 3.03pm that her full name was finally revealed by Kensington Palace.
(Image: Philip Coburn/Daily Mirror)
A short statement read: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are delighted to announce that they have named their daughter Charlotte Elizabeth Diana.
"The baby will be known as Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge."
The bookies had correctly guessed the name Charlotte, but also had Alice as a favourite - it was a close race between the two.
If they have guessed the new prince's name correctly with current favourite Arthur, it'll be a hat-trick, after George was also correctly tipped for the couple's first child.
(Image: Leah McQueen/PHOTOBOX)
Full name George Alexander Louis, His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge was born on July 22 2013 at 4.24pm after a 10 and-a-half hour labour.
His name was also revealed two days after his birth.
Though it may seem two days is a long wait, Will and Kate broke royal tradition by a fair margin when announcing their children's names.
Princes William's name wasn't announced for a week and Prince Charles' for a whole month.
When will the name be revealed?
If our calculations/guess-timations are correct, the newborn prince's name could be revealed at around 4pm-5pm tomorrow.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
(Image: REUTERS)
Well-wishers and the world's media asked the couple the name when they emerged and Prince William quipped back: "You'll find out soon enough."
He also joked he now has "thrice the trouble" as the couple became parents for the third time.
George and Charlotte appeared excited to meet their newborn brother as they made their way into the exclusive Lindo wing yesterday.
The cheeky princess in particular stole the limelight as she waved for the cameras, event turning while she walked up the stairs to do so.
George - who had been at school all day and was wearing his uniform - seemed more shy.
As the doors closed on the hospital, the children shared an affectionate moment as Prince George seemed to put his arm round his sister.
It looked as though he was mimicking his dad's behaviour, guiding them by gently cupping the back of their heads.
The family returned to Kensington Palace yesterday afternoon, along with the newborn baby.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
Auntie, Pippa Middleton , has been seen leaving the palace after a two-hour visit this afternoon.
She announced just this weekend that she is expecting her first child with husband James - the couple are said to be "thrilled".
Zendaya is leading the charge as one of Hollywood's most vocal young activists.
After speaking out against the Charlottesville protests over the weekend, the star furthered her message during the 2017 Teen Choice Awards on Sunday night. The Spider-Man: Homecoming star used her acceptance speech for her Choice Summer Movie Actress win to speak out directly to young people about their power for a better future.
"With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that is happening not only in the world, but in our country right now, I need all you young people, I need all you guys to be educated, I need you to listen, I need you to pay attention," Zendaya stated, according to Just Jared.
VIDEO: 10 of the Best Zendaya Instagrams
She encouraged the next generation to stand up for what they believe is right, and against any wrongdoings. "And I need you to go ahead and understand that you have a voice and it is OK to use it when you see something bad happening, she said. "So make sure that you stay educated and that you do not let people tell you what you think you should feel. Because you are the leaders, you're the future leaders of the world, you're the future presidents, the future senators, and you guys are the ones who are gonna make this world better."
RELATED: When I Grow Up, I Want to Be Zendaya
We'll be using Zendaya's powerful words to keep us inspired all week.
The Chase: This couple sold their Little Italy home for a small fortune and are living mortgage-free
The Chase: This couple sold their Little Italy home for a small fortune and are living mortgage-free
The buyers: Tiiu Remmel, a 42-year-old HR consultant, and Tarmo Remmel, a 43-year-old geography professor at York University.
The story: Tiiu and Tarmo were living happily in a semi-detached home in Little Italy when they noticed a spate of remarkable sales on their street. In one case, a house's value jumped $600,000 within three years. They weren't interested in buying a more extravagant place, but they started to consider doing the opposite: selling their existing house, which they were still paying off, then buying a less expensive one and living mortgage-free. They hoped to find a detached home close to the subway. Ideally, they'd have some cash left over to fund an RESP for their two-year-old daughter, Kalli.
Option 1
Winona Drive (near Oakwood and St. Clair). Listed at $929,000, sold for $1,142,000.
Scanning the TTC map, Tarmo and Tiiu landed on Humewood as their ideal neighbourhood. This three-bedroom house was two minutes from St. Clair Avenue and within walking distance of Regal Road Junior Public School. The backyard was a little cramped, and the basement was worryingly damp, but the main level's open floor plan was a big selling point. Although they hadn't sold their existing home yet, they considered bidding $1,090,000. They got cold feet when they learned that there were a bunch of other bidders.
Option 2
Dundurn Crescent (near Oakwood and St. Clair). Listed at $1,099,000, sold for $1,390,000.
This four-bedroom house was just around the corner from the last place. It had a massive yard, and the detached garage had been converted into a lounge space, making it a perfect nook for relaxing or entertaining. By this point Tarmo and Tiiu had sold their Little Italy home for $1,665,000—nearly double what they bought it for in 2012—and set a firm ­budget of $1,300,000. There were 10 other bidders, so they came in strong with a first bid of $1,250,000, and tossed in an extra $30,000. When that wasn't enough, they let the remaining bidders duke it out.
The buy
Mavety Street (near Annette and Keele). Listed at $995,000, sold for $1,271,000.
After the bidding brawls in Humewood, Tarmo and Tiiu started to scope out neighbourhoods along the Bloor-­Danforth line. This six-bedroom near High Park, built in the early 1900s, still had plenty of its original features, inclu­ding stained-glass windows. But the ­layout needed work: the kitchen was awkwardly divided. They bid $1,251,000, then threw in another $20,000 to get the place. In the process, they completely nullified their mortgage and, to their surprise, ended up in a bigger house than the one they started in.
All Cypriot businesses surveyed for a new Eurobarometer report believe corruption is widespread, which makes the island the leading EU country in this category, closely followed by Greece and Romania with 96 per cent each.
Just over one in ten businesses in Denmark share this view.
The percentage has gone up to 100 per cent in Cyprus from 84 per cent in 2015, the biggest change in the EU during this time period.
Overall, 38 per cent of EU companies see patronage and nepotism as a problem. There are also significant country-level differences on the issue of patronage and nepotism. As in 2015, the highest proportion of businesses giving this answer is recorded in Romania, where about eight in ten (82 per cent) give this response. In Cyprus, about seven in ten companies mention patronage and nepotism as a problem, and about six in ten companies in Greece do. In contrast, less than one in ten companies in Denmark, the UK and Ireland see this as a problem.
Since 2015, Cyprus has seen the biggest change with an increase of 16 percentage points. While in 2013 only a minority (47 per cent) viewed nepotism as an issue, now nearly three quarters (72 per cent) do.
This is related to other perceptions by the business sector. In Cyprus, 68 per cent say corruption is a problem when conducting business activities while the European average was 37 per cent.
In five EU member states, at least half of businesses say that favouring friends and family members in public institutions is among the most widespread practices. Nearly six in ten of those polled in France and Portugal (59 per cent) believe so while, surprisingly, in Cyprus less than a quarter of respondents do, down 23 percentage points since 2013.
But when it comes to kickbacks nearly eight in ten (79 per cent) regarded it as widespread, an increase of 27 percentage points over the previous survey.
In almost all EU member states, at least half of all companies agree too-close links between business and politics lead to corruption. This view is held by almost all companies in Greece (97 per cent), and over nine in ten of those polled in Cyprus. In 19 EU member states, over three quarters (75 per cent) of companies agree with the statement.
As in the previous survey, companies in Bulgaria and Cypus, with 87 per cent each, are the most likely to agree bribery and the use of connections is often the easiest way to obtain certain public services in their country.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United stars arrived for training on Friday as they look to return to winning ways against Huddersfield on Saturday.
The Red Devils were comfortably beaten by Tottenham at Wembley in midweek, a 2-0 reverse leaving them 15 points behind league leaders Manchester City.
That match marked Paul Pogba's first Premier League defeat in over 16 months, since the 4-0 hammering at Chelsea on October 23, 2016.
The Frenchman was hauled off in the second half by manager Jose Mourinho, departing in the 63rd minute having already received a strong rebuke by the United boss.
(Image: Cavendish Press)
(Image: Cavendish Press)
(Image: Cavendish Press)
The £89million star will be in the starting XI once more against the Terriers, and has vowed to "come back stronger" after the loss as he marks six years since his first United debut.
Pogba wrote on Instagram on Thursday evening: "Once upon a time... 6 years ago I played my first official match with our team. Disappointed with yesterday's result but we'll come back stronger."
Alexis Sanchez will make his home debut, but there are questions over who will lead the line.
Romelu Lukaku's display against Spurs has led to criticism of the Belgian, a player Mourinho has heavily defended at times this term, while Marcus Rasford - left out against Spurs - scored and impressed in the FA Cup win over Yeovil.
(Image: Cavendish Press)
(Image: Mercury Press and Media)
(Image: Mercury Press and Media)
However, Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been feeling the effects of his knee injury, the 36-year-old having suffered a recurrence last month - while Mourinho has conceded he could depart amid interest from LA Galaxy.
"Zlatan is in the last year of contract," said Mourinho earlier this week. "If - I'm saying if, if, if - I repeat he's said nothing about it to me.
"But if, if, if that is true and Zlatan wants a future in another club in another country then I give to help and create conditions for that to happen to not make his life difficult.
"But I repeat the only thing Zlatan told - or the last thing Zlatan told me - was that he wants to recover totally and feel ready to help the team. That's the last thing I heard from him."
Mino Raiola, Ibrahimovic's agent, says he could follow the path trodden by Bastian Schweinsteiger last year "if he wants to".
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A grieving daughter handed an urn containing her mum's ashes to a benefits inspector who turned up to assess if the dead woman was fit for work.
Louise Broxton had suffered a host of neurological problems for which she received various benefits.
She tragically died from lung cancer at the age of just 47 in August.
Her daughter Hatti, 27, immediately informed the authorities of her mother's death and all her benefits were cancelled.
But seven months later the Department for Work and Pensions sent a doctor to the door of her home in Wolverhampton, West Mids, to see if she was still able to work.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Hatti, a prison administrator, said: “I'm so upset and angry about what's happened.
“It's our government that has done this to us.
"I'm only 27 and my brother has just turned 17. We've been through enough already and we don't need this.
“I told the DWP afterwards I'd love to live in the world that the DWP live in, the one where my mum's still alive. But she's been gone for seven months.
"When Mum passed away August last year, and everyone was notified.
“I got an acknowledgement from the DWP themselves to say that mum had died.
“They stopped paying her benefits, and paid the arrears they owed her into my account because I am her next of kin.
“But on February 28 we got a letter addressed to Mum saying they were going to do a home visit on March 13 to assess her disabilities for ESA.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
“I was furious about it so I decided not to phone them about the mistake. Instead I waited to see if they would actually have the balls to do the home visit.
“I booked the day of work and stayed at home to wait for someone to come. My cousin came round to support me.
“The letter stated they'd be coming between 11am and 2pm band they would contact to book an appointment.
“Obviously they haven't been able to contact Mum because her phone has been cut off. They had my details as next of kin but they didn't contact me.”
At 1pm Hatti had a knock on the door from the DWP doctor.
She invited him inside and, seeing her cousin sat on the sofa, asked if she was Louise.
Hatti said: “My cousin replied, ‘No, I'm not,' and I said, ‘Hang on a minute.'
“Then I went behind the sofa to the unit where mum is, picked up her urn, turned around, and said ‘This is Louise Broxton and you've come to assess her?'
“He was completely mortified, as you would be. He apologised and offered his condolences.
“I told him, ‘I'm not doing this to embarrass you, but the letter and having you on my door today, that's twice the DWP have missed something.'
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Hatti claims the doctor had not looked at her mum's medical records, which would have shown him she was dead.
She also believes the DWP missed three opportunities to realise something was wrong – when they sent the letter, when no one responded to their request, and when the doctor missed Louise's medical records.
Hatti asked the doctor to leave and inform his bosses of the mistake straight away.
She said: “It's not the case that my mum died a couple of weeks ago. Then a crossover would be understandable and I would accept their apology.
“After the doctor left, within 10 minutes the DWP rang. The lady apologised and offered her condolences, but after admitting their mistake she tried to leave it at that.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
“That's not good enough. I want policies in place and procedures to be followed. I don't want anyone else to be in my situation.”
A DWP spokesperson said: “We've apologised to Ms Broxton for the distress caused by the administrative error.”
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 4 years and SO much has happened in his life since moving here. He and his wife of 6 years Nicole, had first baby (a boy) and they bought their first home here. When AJ isn't on the air or hosting an event for one of the organizations that he works with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer, March For Babies, Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association, he is more than likely climbing a mountain! "I love everything this place has to offer, from world class entertainment, to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep!" I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people.
Lausanne, 14 August 2017 - Being able to predict the resistance or sensitivity of a tumour cell to a drug is a key success-factor of cancer precision therapy. But such a prediction is made difficult by the fact that genetic alterations in tumours change dynamically over time and are often interdependent, following a pattern that is poorly understood. A recent study led by researchers at the SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics, University of Lausanne and EPFL provides a promising framework to anticipate drug resistance in cancer, by predicting the co-occurrence of about 500 known tumour alterations, as well as their response to over 200 common cancer drugs. The research, published in Cancer Cell, showed that while some co-occurrences between genomic alterations confer a resistance to tumour cells against particular drugs, they also make them sensitive to other unexpected drugs.
Cancer is an ever-changing disease, which evolves through the emergence and selection of new genetic alterations. In order to match specific drugs to such alterations and predict their response requires an understanding of how alterations depend on each other and co-occur in a tumour.
"If you think of genomic alterations as food items, then cancer cells are not a random pile of products stuck in a fridge but carefully designed dinner menus, in which dishes are combined and flavours matched," says Giovanni Ciriello, Group Leader at SIB and at the University of Lausanne.
A team of researchers, led by Ciriello, was able to study how alterations in a tumour depend on each other and how these dependencies determine cancer evolution in silico. They provide an extensive map of dependencies between ~500 known tumour alterations, and a robust theoretical framework to predict the co-occurrences of such alterations and their anticipated response to over 200 common cancer drugs.
The team showed that some dependencies between genomic alterations could confer to tumour cells a resistance to particular drugs, while at the same time acting as an "Achilles" heel" by making them sensitive to other, unexpected drugs. For example, by analyzing data from 1,000 cell lines, the team could predict that when mutations of the genes ARID1A and RNF43 (involved in tumours of the colon, rectum, and stomach) co-occurred, cells became sensitive to VX-680, a drug inhibiting the Aurora kinase involved in cell proliferation.
The authors therefore provide a new way of thinking about cancer evolution: "Genetic alterations associated with the disease are not randomly picked based exclusively on their single effect, but combined and matched by evolution to maximize their synergy," concludes Ciriello.
To reach their findings, the team used the most comprehensive collection of molecular data from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) international consortium, which includes 6,456 human tumour samples derived from 23 tumour types.
Such map of oncogenic dependencies is a crucial first step to improve the design of personalized therapeutic approaches, and can serve as a reference for functional and pre-clinical studies.
###
Reference
Mina M et al. Conditional selection of genomic alterations dictates cancer evolution and oncogenic dependencies. Cancer Cell, online on 27 July 2017. DOI: https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1016/ j. ccell. 2017. 06. 010
About SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics
The SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics is an academic not-for-profit organization. Its mission is to lead and coordinate the field of bioinformatics in Switzerland. Its data science experts join forces to advance biological and medical research and enhance health. SIB (i) provides the national and international life science community with a state-of-the-art bioinformatics infrastructure, including services, resources, expertise; and (ii) federates world-class researchers and delivers training in bioinformatics. It includes some 65 world-class research and service groups including some 800 scientists in the fields of genomics, proteomics, phylogeny, systems biology, structural biology, and personalized health. http://www. sib. swiss
MEDIA CONTACT
Giovanni Ciriello - Computational Systems Oncology Group Leader, SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics and University of Lausanne (UNIL) - giovanni.ciriello@sib.swiss - +41 21 692 5450
Maïa Berman - Communications Manager, SIB - maia.berman@sib.swiss - +41 21 692 4054
Marie Dangles - Head of Communications, SIB - marie.dangles@sib.swiss - +41 21 692 4075
We took fashion's newfound appreciation for Americana to one of the most quintessentially American summer beach towns, The Rockaways. (We have no doubt that we'll be seeing some of these Balenciaga boot pants there IRL this season.) Welcome to summer 2017.
Kye Howell wears Prada jacket and belt Amar Daved
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Myles Gable wears raincoat, tank top, and trousers Prada, sneakers Nike Amar Daved
Kristen Coffey wears top and trousers Balenciaga Amar Daved
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kye wears coat Coach, skirt Jae Won Kim, boots Giuseppe Zanotti Amar Daved
Kye wears blouse and skirt Elie Saab, boots LRS. Myles wears sweater and leather trousers Maison Margiela, sandals Louis Vuitton. Necklace and earrings model's own Amar Daved
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Myles wears coat, turtleneck shirt, trousers, and headband Prada. Necklaces and earrings model's own Amar Daved
Kristen wears top and trousers Balenciaga Amar Daved
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kristen wears dress Louis Vuitton. Myles wears dress shirt and trousers Louis Vuitton. Necklaces and earrings model's own. Kyle wears top, trousers, and belt Louis Vuitton Amar Daved
Myles wears raincoat, tank top, and trousers Prada. sneakers Nike Amar Daved
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kristen wears top and earrings Loewe Amar Daved
Kye wears coat Coach, top model's own. Myles wears raincoat and tank top Prada, Necklaces and earrings model's own. Kristen wears top and bralette Miu Miu Amar Daved
Photographs Amar Daved, Fashion Kate Carnegie, Hair Riad Azar, Makeup Kim Weber
© TNN HABER / YouTube
A Turkish airstrike has hit a landmark dedicated to Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan in Syria's Afrin area. Ocalan is serving a life sentence in a Turkish prison for crimes related to the PKK militant movement.According to Turkish media, the skyward-facing portrait is located on the slope of Mount Darmik in the north-western Syrian Kurdish enclave, which is being targeted by a Turkish air-and-ground operation. The footage of the airstrike shows the giant portrait from the air before a powerful explosion hits it. As the clouds of smoke and dust dissipate, a gaping hole can be seen where the Kurdish leader's month was. According to the Daily Sabah, the bombing was done by a domestically-developed armed drone of the Turkish air force. Turkey has several armed drones in various stages of development, including the armed version of the Vestel Karayel, which reportedly was first used for a combat mission in 2016.But TRT Haber TV station says the laser-guided bomb was dropped on the portrait by an F-16 jet, with a reconnaissance drone later confirming the hit.Ocalan is a prominent Kurdish leader and founder of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), an organization that waged a decades-long guerilla war against the Turkish government. He was captured by Turkish forces in 1999 following an intelligence operation in Kenya, while being transported from the Greek embassy to an airport. He was later tried and sentenced to death for treason but never executed, since Turkey has had a de facto moratorium on the death penalty since the mid-1980s.Despite his continued incarceration, Ocalan continues to be a powerful symbolic figure for many Kurds. For instance, his portrait was prominently displayed amid much celebration in Raqqa, after the city was taken by US-supported, predominantly Kurdish militias last year. Ankara interprets such gestures as proof that Kurdish armed groups in Syria and Iraq are nothing more than an extension of the PKK, which is labelled a terrorist organization in Turkey.The ongoing cross-border operation in Afrin was launched by Turkey following the US announcement of a plan to create a Kurdish border security force, which Turkish officials pre-emptively branded a terrorist army.
video size: 640x360 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Airmen from the 158th Fighter Wing from the Vermont Air National Guard and other Guard units across the U.S. arrived to their deployed location in Southwest Asia and began combat operations within 24 hours in support of Operation Inherent Resolve.
Remember when Leslie Mann and Judd Apatow's daughters were just tiny little tots who occasionally appeared in their dad's crowd-pleasing adult comedies?
https://www.instagram.com/p/BSrGtxUB48Y/?taken-by=juddapatow Hard to believe this was three weeks ago. A post shared by Judd Apatow (@juddapatow) on Apr 9, 2017 at 10:47am PDT
Well, those days are long gone! On Sunday, 14-year-old Iris Apatow accompanied her famous father to the Teen Choice Awards where she looked totally mature. The actress hit the red carpet alongside her father and sister in a pink gingham minidress with matching platform sandals and a dark-wash denim jacket, giving her preppy look an earthy edge.
Frazer Harrison/Getty
VIDEO: J.Lo's Twins Playing with A-Rod by the Pool
The last time we saw Iris, she was playing precocious child star Arya Hopkins in Apatow's Netflix original series Love. Need to compare just how much she's changed? In 2014, the family headed to the L.A. premiere of The Other Woman, where little Iris nailed it in a floral piece alongside her then 16-year-old older sister, Maude, who was totally twinning with her super-producer dad (above).
Most recently, a 19-year-old Maude stepped out looking older as well in June, where she joined Apatow for the premiere of The Big Sick.
Michael Tran/FilmMagic
RELATED: Leslie Mann and Judd Apatow's Teenage Daughters Look All Grown Up at the Other People Premiere
Watch out Bella and Gigi, we have a feeling this sister duo is about to strike it big.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The tales of political vendettas and back-room machinations that animated the 2013 George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandal were replaced Tuesday with comparatively dry legal arguments as two former associates of former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie argued before a federal appeals court to have their convictions overturned.
Attorneys for Bill Baroni and Bridget Kelly acknowledged that even if the motivation for realigning the lanes at the bridge, causing traffic jams in the town of Fort Lee was to punish its mayor for not endorsing Christie, that wasn't a crime under federal law. The lanes still were being used for a public purpose and not to benefit either defendant, the attorneys argued.
Their conduct may have been "bad, wrongful and unjustifiable," Baroni's attorney Michael Levy told the judges, but "that is not the standard for a federal crime. This was bad conduct in search of a criminal theory on how to prosecute it."
The massive gridlock over four days and part of a fifth in September 2013 mushroomed into a scandal that dragged down Christie's presidential aspirations and, Christie later conceded, played a role in then-Republican nominee Donald Trump's decision not to name him as his running mate.
Baroni was deputy executive director at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates the bridge, and Kelly was Christie's deputy chief of staff. Baroni received a 24-month sentence last year; Kelly was sentenced to 18 months. They've been free pending their appeals.
Yaakov Roth, representing Kelly, said Tuesday even though the pair's conduct "wasn't a model of public service," they received no personal benefit from realigning the lanes. Roth likened it to the difference between a mayor authorizing the filling of potholes on the street of a political ally instead of doing the same on the street of a political foe. Criminalizing that behavior would criminalize most political behavior, he implied.
"If the difference between lawful and unlawful use of property turns solely on what's in the person's head, then this statute has astounding breadth," he said.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Bruce Keller, arguing for the government, countered that the example showed bad motives but no fraud, because the mayor had the power to authorize the work "without having to lie to colleagues" as Baroni did to subordinates.
That touched on another point of contention: whether Baroni had the authority to realign the lanes on his own, since the law specifies the unauthorized use of the property
"In this case, it was unauthorized and unjustified because it was accomplished by fraud," Keller said.
The two sides also clashed over whether there is a right to intrastate travel, a key component of two civil rights charges on which both Kelly and Baroni were convicted.
Christie wasn't charged and denied knowing about the plot until months later, but the negative publicity from the scandal torpedoed his presidential aspirations in the 2016 GOP primary. His account of when he knew about the scheme was contradicted during the fall 2016 trial by Kelly, Baroni and others.
Former Port Authority official David Wildstein, a former political operative and high school acquaintance of Christie's, pleaded guilty and testified that he concocted the revenge plot and that Baroni and Kelly willingly went along. Wildstein was the recipient of Kelly's infamous "Time for traffic problems in Fort Lee" email a month before the traffic jams.
Wildstein was sentenced to probation and now publishes a news website focusing on New Jersey politics from his home in Florida.
Christie, now a political analyst for ABC, said last year he was "incensed" by their conduct and characterized as "ridiculous" the idea that he would have endorsed it.
Woman hopes to become first person to row from San Francisco Bay to Farallones and back
A 37-year-old British woman shoved off in her rowboat on Tuesday, hoping to become the first person to row from San Francisco Bay and around the Farallon Islands and back. And, she plans on doing it over the next three days, with or without her clothes on, eating cold spaghetti for breakfast.
“There aren't that many things left that haven't been done before,” said Lia Ditton, an adventurer and motivational speaker. “This is one of them.”
On Tuesday morning at daybreak she set off from Tiburon at 2 knots and passed beneath the Golden Gate Bridge around 10 a.m. If all goes well, Ditton will circle the Farallones on Wednesday and be back at Tiburon on Thursday. It figures to be one of those things that the Guinness Book of World Records takes note of, in addition to the highest jump on a pogo stick (11 feet, 1 inch) and most hard-boiled eggs eaten in 8 minutes (141).
The trouble with rowing only as far as the Farallones, Ditton said, is that it's really too short a distance for rowing with your clothes off. Too many passing vessels, big and little. When she rowed across the Atlantic Ocean in 2010, she was naked most of the time. It's just common sense to row naked, she said.
“You eliminate chafing and you eliminate the need to do laundry,” she said.
When she gets to the far side of the Farallones, there will probably be a brief window for nudity — an hour or so — before the clothes must come back on for the return trip to San Francisco, because of all the passing freighters and their binoculars.
And the best stuff to eat while rowing, she said is freeze-dried meals rehydrated with cold water, because when you're all alone on a wave-tossed rowboat, naked or otherwise, a pot of boiling water can be as challenging as whatever the Pacific Ocean has in mind. Her fare of choice: cold spaghetti with meat sauce.
Ditton eats her dinner in the morning and her breakfast at night, which is perhaps appropriate for someone whose calling involves sitting backwards. For dinner she prefers cold oatmeal with raisins (or, as the British call it, “porridge with sultanas.”) In between, she snacks on gummy bears (“I like the red ones”) and shelled pistachio nuts.
Ditton said she would prefer to shell the pistachios herself but, with both hands on the oars all day, it's not really an option. (To follow Ditton's progress via a live GPS signal, visit www.rowliarow.com)
What most people would consider too much time in a rowboat Ditton is calling a “little jaunt” to prepare to row a boat from Japan to San Francisco next year. First she needs to find a sponsor with $500,000 in order to cover the cost of four months worth of cold spaghetti and red gummy bears, along with a new high-tech rowboat.
Two people have rowed solo across the Pacific, she said, but both rowers got a smidgen of help from tow boats as they approached the West Coast. Ditton said she hopes to set an asterisk-free record.
The busy shipping channel just off the Golden Gate means that Ditton cannot afford to sleep for more than 40 minutes at a time this week. Longer than that, she said, and she could be caught by surprise by an approaching vessel.
“And then you run the risk of getting run over,” she said, “and I would rather not have that happen.”
Steve Rubenstein is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: srubenstein@sfchronicle.com
More Videos 1:33 Echols: We must support Charlottesville leaders in face of terrorism Pause 0:43 Columbia secretly pays $224,000 in dispute over clear-cutting 1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward? 1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper 2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service 1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? 1:12 How Gamecock men's basketball success is paying forward to this year's team 0:57 Look inside the new LulaRoe distribution center 1:33 Sneak peek: what's the best thing you ate at Urban Cookhouse? 2:52 Mark Kingston on Scout Day Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Santee Cooper CEO says nuclear project didn't fail. "It was an investment." Santee Cooper CEO Lonnie Carter testified before the House Utility Ratepayer Protection Committee. He believes the nuclear reactor project was an investment that could still be built. Santee Cooper CEO Lonnie Carter testified before the House Utility Ratepayer Protection Committee. He believes the nuclear reactor project was an investment that could still be built. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com
Santee Cooper CEO Lonnie Carter testified before the House Utility Ratepayer Protection Committee. He believes the nuclear reactor project was an investment that could still be built. Tim Dominick tdominick@thestate.com
Related Coverage Charity scams on the rise in Connecticut
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) It's the start of the New Year and News 8's got your back this year protecting your family and your wallet. We are helping you to stretch your dollar with a look at what scams you need to be on the lookout for this year.
New year new you. As you make resolutions for 2017, consumer experts are hoping you add ”being a smart consumer” to your list. We talked to the Commissioner of the Department of Consumer Protection, Jonathan Harris who said while identity theft is growing at a rapid rate, the majority of the problems they see come into their office here in Connecticut, have to do with home improvement contractors.
He said problems arise even when the projects you're having done are minor. It's important you do your homework and research anyone you're planning to hire to do work at home.
“Do what you can to make sure they have the credentials they need for instance, home improvement contractor, that they're registered with the Department of Consumer Protection and you can look on our e-license on CT.gov site to see if someone is registered as a home improvement contractor, if they're licensed,” said Jonathan Harris, Commissioner of the Department of Consumer Protection.
That's the biggest complaint to be aware of in Connecticut. The Consumer Federation of America says the top complaints nationwide to be on the lookout for are misrepresentations when buying a car.
Do you research to you know what you're paying for and you're not getting stuck with a lemon. Problems involving landlords and internet sales also topped the list.
I'll also link you to the database to help you find licensed contractors and also how to properly report a complaint.
× Teenage Girl Dies in Saturday Night Crash
HANOVER TOWNSHIP — Loved ones have made a memorial for the 16-year-old girl who died in a car crash Saturday night on South Main Street.
The Luzerne County coroner said Jasmine Cardona of Plymouth was a passenger in the SUV that crashed into a utility pole near the St. Peter's Lutheran Church.
The groundskeeper for the church, Dave Jones, said he has seen tire marks on the property before, but he never thought he'd see a memorial here, especially one for a teenage girl.
“When I cut the grass and clean up through there, that will always be on my mind. It's just awful, really sad,” Jones said.
Jones said this piece of property carries a whole new weight now.
“To be honest with you, I don't know how I could handle something like that. Such tragedy, I have chills through me right now,” Jones said.
Police said three other people were in the car with Cardona as it was traveling in the southbound lane on South Main Street around 11 p.m. Saturday. The car went over the center line and hit a utility pole. She later died at the hospital.
“The curve in the road here is very dangerous. (People) are going too fast, the speed limit is 25, just go slow, please,” Jones said.
Three other people in the vehicle were taken to the hospital over the weekend. There is no word on their names or conditions.
Police said the crash in Hanover Township is still under investigation. Anyone with information is asked to contact authorities at 570-825-1254.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jim Carrey has avoided the limelight and become an apparent recluse in recent years.
Shutting himself away in his home studio and emerging only to film a Netflix special, the comedian has been battling a series of lawsuits.
Fans of the Ace Ventura star have taken to Twitter to ask if their comedy hero is dead and are begging for their comedy hero's return to the big screen.
The comedian has now been cleared over claims he may have contributed to his ex girlfriend Cathriona White's suicide after a judge sensationally dismissed a wrongful death suit.
So this is what Carrey has been up to in recent years and what he's doing next...
Man on the Moon
(Image: Getty)
Carrey's most recent work was a Netflix documentary that explored how his life - and mind - unravelled when filming the 1999 movie Man on the Moon.
The biopic of comedic great Andy Kaufman swallowed Carrey's life whole as he pushed method acting to the extreme.
Carrey allowed makers of the Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond access to previously unseen footage of himself on and off the set.
(Image: Getty)
Embodying the troubled comic, Carrey was confrontational and impossible to work with as he refused to get out of character while working on the film.
Towards the end of the documentary, a reflective Carrey seemed resigned to the nature of his meteoric rise to fame and how it changed his life forever.
Actor turned artist
(Image: Twitter/Jim Carrey)
Carrey has spent the last six years painting in his home studio after getting the unstoppable urge to make art.
After filling his home with the bright works, he held his first solo exhibition in Las Vegas last year.
The exhibition was called 'Sunshower' and would-be collectors and fans looking to attend the opening had to commit to buying an artwork up front.
"$10,000 per couple - that's for two people to attend. Entire amount applied toward Jim Carrey artwork of your choice,” the gallery's website advertised.
That price also included "cocktails, hors-d'oeuvres, desserts, and live entertainment" - and the chance to meet the Hollywood star in person.
"There's not a day that goes by that I'm not covered in paint or something from doing sculptures," he told W magazine last year.
"It's all about that for me now - being completely involved, heart, mind, and soul.
"Sometimes it's art, sometimes it's performance, and sometimes it's just talking to someone."
“Making art in general is not really a choice,” he said. “I'm being painted and I'm being expressed and I'm being created, and there's little me involved.”
The novellist
(Image: Twitter/Jim Carrey)
Also in the works is a novel Carrey is writing - set to come out early this year.
"It's going to be very special. I don't want to drill down on exactly what it is, but I can tell you that it's a completely original idea," he said.
"And it's a literary piece; it's not pulp. I'm writing with a wonderful writer friend named Dana Vachon.
"We've been working on it for several years, and we're like an old married couple that talk to each other at least twice a day.
I'm super excited about what's going to happen with that; it's not going to be like anything anybody's ever seen. I think we'll probably be publishing it sometime at the turn of the year or end of this year."
OTTAWA — Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett held back tears as she announced an agreement in principle with survivors of the '60s Scoop.
The agreement provides up to $750 million in compensation for individuals classified as status Indians and Inuit.
It also includes an investment of up to $50 million for a foundation for healing and reconciliation.
Bennett called the 60s Scoop a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history.
April 24 (UPI) -- A Virginia man who won $1 million from the state lottery said it was his third major jackpot -- and his second in only two months.
Charles Neal of Meadowview told Virginia Lottery officials he bought his winning Extreme Millions ticket at Spirit Food Mart in Glade Spring, which received a $10,000 bonus from the lottery for selling the winner.
Neal, who took his money as a $657,030 lump sum before taxes, won a $150,000 jackpot from a Big Bills Scratcher ticket just one month prior to his $1 million jackpot.
Neal said his first brush with major lottery luck came in 2011, when he won a $1 million prize from a scratch-off game.
"I play big tickets," Neal told lottery officials. "You can't win if you don't play."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An eight-year-old girl is suspected of killing a one-year-old boy at a day centre while left unsupervised.
Chief of Police Jeffrey Lewis in Muskegon, Michigan, said the investigation into the death of Korey Brown is "one of the saddest I've ever seen".
Korey's mother Bryanna Reasonover had dropped him and three other siblings at Keysha Keeper Daycare to be looked after last Thursday evening while she worked overnight.
An emergency call was made at 6.15am on Friday morning after Korey was found unresponsive.
Paramedics arrived but Korey could not be saved and was declared dead at 8am.
(Photo: GoFundMe)
(Photo: Facebook)
A cause of death has not yet been established, police said.
But it is believed an unidentified 8-year-old girl was left alone with Korey for a period of time.
The toddler became upset and started crying and the girl intervened.
Her actions led to the boy's death, police believe.
(Photo: GoFundMe)
Chief Lewis said the only witness to what happened is another five-year-old child.
Prosecutors are investigating and may eventually file charges against staff at the day care centre.
Heartbroken mother Ms Reasonover told WZZM13 her children had only begun staying at the centre three weeks ago.
"It's very frustrating to not know what happened, to know that he was suffering when all he probably wanted was his mommy," Reasonover told the news channel.
Guatemala City: A strong 6.9 magnitude earthquake hit western Guatemala early on Wednesday, killing at least two people and causing power outages, as well as damage to some buildings, officials said.
The quake, originally estimated to measure 6.6 on the Richter scale before being revised upward, occurred at 1:29 am (0729 GMT).
The epicenter of the quake was about 156 kilometers (97 miles) west of Guatemala City in the department of San Marcos, the Institute of Seismology said.
The tremor was felt across most of the country, including the capital, as well as in neighboring Mexico, according to Guatemala's National Coordinator for Disaster Reduction.
"Moderate damage is reported to houses in southwestern areas and there are power outages in several parts of the country," agency spokesman Julio Sanchez said, adding that a 5.6-magnitude aftershock hit across the border in Mexico minutes after the first quake.
A man was killed in the southwestern Guatemalan village of San Sebastian after an old church collapsed, the agency said.
News reports said another victim, a woman, died of a heart attack in a small village near the border with Mexico.
President Jimmy Morales posted a message on Twitter, saying "stay calm and be alert to possible aftershocks."
Guatemala is in a risk zone for tremors, located where the Caribbean Cocos tectonic plates converge with North America's tectonic plates.
San Marcos was hit by earthquakes in 2012 and 2014 that left dozens dead.
It didn't quite feel like summer to me. Then I got my hair cut and colored. There's just something about a trip to the salon and a new haircut that helps you embrace a new season (and to feel mentally refreshed and energized enough to leave your post in front of the AC).
I recommend giving it a shot as soon as possible, and use my advice as an excuse to try the haircut that's been pinned to your Pinterest board all year long. For inspiration, I rounded up the top 10 sexiest summer haircuts of 2018. Keep scrolling for looks from stars like Mila Kunis, Kerry Washington, Jennifer Lopez, and more.
VIDEO: Mila Kunis's New Haircut Will Convince You to Try an Angled Bob This Summer
Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Kyle Hendricks throws against the Washington Nationals in the first inning of Game 1 of baseball's National League Division Series, at Nationals Park, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Washington. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
Korean actor Ji Chang Wook enjoyed watching a play while having a day off from his mandatory military duty.On March 16, Ji Chang Wook was spotted at a theater located in Seoul with his friend to watch the play 'Amadeus'.Ji Chang Wook reportedly came to the theater to show his support for his friend actor Kim Jae Uck who took part in the play as the lead role, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.Ji Chang Wook enlisted in the military back in August 2017, and he is currently serving at 3rd Infantry Division of the ROK Army, which is also known as 'White Skull' division.He will be discharged from the army in May 2019.(Credit= Online Community, 'jichangwook' Instagram)(SBS Star)
© INAH - Mauricio Marat
Ten skeletons precisely arranged in a bizarre spiral formation have been discovered by archaeologists investigating a 2,400 year old burial site in Mexico.The skeletons include adults, children and even an infant.. Two have been identified as female and one as male. The ancient bones were found at an archaeological site in the town of Tlalpan, just south of Mexico city.In a dark twist, archaeologists from Mexico's National Institute of Anthropology (INAH) and History said in a statement that because of the strange way that they were laid out, the bodies may have been part of a ritualistic burial.However, it is not yet known whether their deaths were natural or also part of the ritual."There was one individual over the other, for example," explained Jimena Rivera, director of the excavation to local news outlet Noticieros Televisa. "The head of the individual on the chest of the other, the hands of one individual under the other's back, the baby on the body of another.""We believe that it could be some interpretation of life, because individuals have different ages : There is a baby, a child, an infant, some young adults, adults and an older adult."The researchers added that at least two of the skeletons have intentionally deformed skulls while others have deformed teeth. As well as the skeletons, there were also a number of artifacts including clay pots and round bowls.The strange burial ground was found hidden under a building that housed a priest's dorms and classrooms. Those buildings were erected long after the remains were buried as the bones date back 2,400 years to Mexico's pre-classical era.
House of the Week: $1.6 million for a Cabbagetown semi with a unique interior
House of the Week: $1.6 million for a Cabbagetown semi with a unique interior
Address: 274 Carlton Street
Neighbourhood: Cabbagetown
Agents: Richard Silver and Jim Burtnick, Sotheby's International Realty Canada, Brokerage
Price: $1,598,000
Previously sold for: $480,000, in 1999
The place
A Victorian semi with a spiral staircase that extends from the basement all the way to the third floor.
The kitchen is right at the front of the house, which is a little unusual:
The living room is at the back:
And here's the dining area:
A closer look at that spiral staircase:
The basement is finished:
And there's a bedroom down there:
Also a sauna:
And here's a look at the backyard:
The history
This 19th-century home was completely redesigned in the 1980s. It now has a completely open floor plan—not only on the first floor, but also on the second and third floors, each of which has a single bedroom and ensuite bathroom.
The master bedroom is on the second floor:
Yup, the walls are full of storage:
Bask in the 1980s splendour of this ensuite bathroom:
There's another bedroom on the third floor. Most people seem to prefer a little more separation between their sleeping area and their showering area, but this house doesn't play by the rules:
Big selling point
The skylight at the top of the spiral staircase provides plenty of natural light:
Possible dealbreaker
The 1980s redesign was done for a couple with one child. Families with more children might not find the layout to their liking.
By the numbers
• $1,598,000
• $6,996.69 in taxes (2016)
• 2,500 square feet
• 20.5-by-135-foot lot
• 3 bedrooms
• 3 bathrooms
• 2 parking spots
• 2 fireplaces
Amid a notoriously shaky retail climate, brands and businesses increasingly search for points of differentiation. Compelling visual ads and crafty messages are often recruited to meet the challenge. But some branding experts offer a more (deceptively) simple answer: it's in the font.
Consumers and retailers alike interact with fonts on a daily basis, from smart phone scrolls to the reading of a book, but often overlooked is the deliberate detail that goes into font design (think mapping characters and designing how letters should look next to one another) — as well as what tailored solutions they might offer to businesses.
It was in October 2015 in beautiful Clayoquot Sound off Canada's west coast that a whale-watching vessel was it by a rogue wave and capsized killing six of the 27 people on board. Canada's Transportation Safety Board has made three recommendations to improve safety and speed rescue.
The board is an independent agency of the government of Canada that investigates marine, pipeline, railway and aviation transportation accidents. It does not assign fault or determine liability. It's mandate is to advance transportation safety.
A plaque at Tofino's dock lists the names of the six people who died after the Leviathan II capsized. © Megan Thomas/CBC
Wave was seen too late
A news release describes sea conditions that were favourable to the formation of breaking waves. None had been seen as the vessel approached the area to observe sea lions. When the master of the ship did see the large wave coming, he tried to turn the vessel to lessen the impact but it was too late.
The crew did not have time to send a distress call and there was no automatic system in place to deploy one. It was “only by chance” that the crew was able to set off a flare, and seeing it, indigenous fishermen sent the alarm and rushed to the scene.
‘In cold water, every second counts'
The report concludes that the government should require passenger vessel operators to adopt ways to identify hazards and have strategies to reduce the risks. It also notes that it took 45 minutes for search and rescue authorities to find out about the accident.
“When people find themselves in cold water, every second counts,” said Kathy Fox, chair of the board. So the board recommends that all commercial passenger vessels operating in open water carry emergency beacons that would automatically transmit a continuous distress signal and location information.
Richmondshire Youth Theatre members are adding the finishing touches to their new production “We are Such Stuff as Memories are Made on”.
Taken from a line in Shakespeare's play The Tempest, this clever title points towards the plot, based upon a literature lover's battle with dementia and his families struggles to support him.
The project began after an approach by The Friends of Garget Walker House – a charity that supports those affected by Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia.
A spokesman said: “Through practical drama workshops, and research and training provided by the Alzheimer's Society, Richmond Youth Theatre members have created this clever and thought provoking piece of theatre.”
Shiela Blacklock, chairwoman of Friends of Garget Walker House said: “We are delighted to be working with the Richmondshire Youth Theatre on this dementia awareness project.”
The show's opening night is on Saturday 29 April in Richmond Town Hall at 7.30pm.
Tickets are £5 for adults and £3 for under 18s.
The show will also visit various venues at Aldbrough St John, Colburn, Catterick Village, Hawes and Leyburn during May.
TOKYO, March 28 Japan's Nikkei share average rebounded from a more than six-week low on Tuesday as a rally in the yen paused and investors bought high-yield stocks before they went ex-dividend.
The Nikkei rose 1.1 percent to 19,202.87, after plumbing to its lowest since Feb. 9 in the previous session as U.S. President Donald Trump's setback on his healthcare reform bill raised questions about his ability to push through planned stimulus policies.
The broader Topix gained 1.3 percent to 1,544.83 and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 advanced 1.4 percent to 13,815.79. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In a storyline sure to shock viewers, Emmerdale becomes the first soap to depict the horrific consequences of acid attacks.
Bosses at the Yorshire-based ITV show hope it will reflect the aftermath of the appalling real life crime spate, which has spread across the UK and dominated news headlines in recent months.
This week, Debbie's determination to gain revenge on her former lover Joe goes terribly wrong, when she pays drug dealing yobbo Simon to “mess up” the scheming millionaire.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
But outside of Dale View, Simon mistakes Ross for Joe and throws acid in his face - leaving the Barton bad boy screaming in agony.
Actor Michael Parr, who plays Ross, tells us about the heavy-hitting plot.
(Image: ITV)
Q) Why does Ross back out of helping Debbie to bring down Joe?
A) Because of the way Debbie treats him. She's very cold and thinks Ross is taking baby steps rather than taking the immediate action she wants against Joe to get revenge. Ross feels that Debbie is ungrateful so wants out.
Q) Ross has acid thrown in his face - do you think this is an important issue?
A) I was nervous about taking this storyline on, because it's a big responsibility. I know being the victim of an acid attack is a reality for some people, so it's important to get it right.
Q) How much preparation has gone into the storyline?
A) The Emmerdale team have done extensive research and we really want to raise awareness of the devastating consequences an attack like this has on a person's life.
Can they fix it? Yes they can?
(Image: ITV)
Lisa is annoyed to find Zak and Sam trying to rebuild the wall at Wishing Well Cottage, which then collapses on touch.
Later, Zak is touched when he arrives home to find that the villagers have volunteered to help the Dingles rebuild their property.
An affair to forget
(Image: ITV)
Harriet is starting to get suspicious of Bob and Laurel's relationship, but will Laurel admit they had a one-night stand?
Emmerdale, Mon-Fri, ITV
Milwaukee AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Villar 2b 5 0 0 0 0 0 .145 Thames 1b 4 3 3 1 0 0 .405 Braun lf 4 2 3 3 0 1 .289 Shaw 3b 4 0 0 0 0 0 .200 Santana rf 3 0 1 0 1 0 .244 Broxton cf 4 0 0 0 0 2 .143 Bandy c 4 1 3 1 0 0 .321 Arcia ss 4 0 0 0 0 1 .190 Anderson p 2 0 0 0 0 0 .000 Torres p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — b-Nieuwenhuis ph 1 0 0 0 0 1 .045 Barnes p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Knebel p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — c-Aguilar ph 1 0 0 0 0 0 .348 Feliz p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Totals 36 6 10 5 1 5
Chicago AB R H BI BB SO Avg. Schwarber lf 5 1 1 0 0 3 .240 Bryant 3b 4 0 0 0 0 1 .212 Rizzo 1b-2b-1b 3 0 1 0 1 1 .280 Zobrist 2b-1b-2b 4 0 2 1 0 1 .214 Russell ss 3 0 0 0 1 2 .236 Heyward rf 4 1 1 0 0 0 .283 Montero c 3 1 2 0 0 1 .143 Strop p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — Montgomery p 0 0 0 0 0 0 — d-Jay ph 1 0 1 0 0 0 .375 Lackey p 2 0 0 0 0 1 .400 a-Contreras ph-c 1 0 0 0 1 0 .216 Almora cf 4 0 1 2 0 1 .389 Totals 34 3 9 3 3 11
Milwaukee 211 000 020—6 10 0 Chicago 120 000 000—3 9 1
a-out on fielder's choice for Lackey in the 6th. b-struck out for Torres in the 7th. c-grounded out for Knebel in the 9th. d-singled for Montgomery in the 9th.
E_Contreras (3). LOB_Milwaukee 4, Chicago 7. 2B_Thames (4), Braun (2), Bandy (2), Almora (2). HR_Braun (5), off Lackey; Bandy (2), off Lackey; Thames (7), off Lackey. RBIs_Thames (12), Braun 3 (11), Bandy (3), Zobrist (5), Almora 2 (4). SB_Braun (4), Santana (2), Rizzo (2).
Runners left in scoring position_Milwaukee 2 (Villar, Broxton); Chicago 4 (Schwarber, Bryant, Russell, Montero). RISP_Milwaukee 1 for 5; Chicago 2 for 12.
Advertisement
Runners moved up_Arcia, Schwarber, Almora. GIDP_Anderson, Almora.
DP_Milwaukee 1 (Shaw, Thames); Chicago 1 (Russell, Zobrist).
Milwaukee IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Anderson W, 2-0 5 7 3 2 1 5 87 1.50 Torres H, 3 1 1 0 0 0 1 19 3.86 Barnes H, 3 1 0 0 0 0 3 14 0.00 Knebel H, 4 1 0 0 0 1 1 12 0.00 Feliz S, 5-5 1 1 0 0 1 1 22 1.59 Chicago IP H R ER BB SO NP ERA Lackey L, 1-2 6 7 4 4 1 2 93 4.00 Strop 1 0 0 0 0 2 13 7.20 Montgomery 2 3 2 1 0 1 33 3.38
PB_Bandy (3).
Umpires_Home, Carlos Torres; First, Bill Miller; Second, Chris Guccione; Third, Dana DeMuth.
T_3:00. A_38,636 (41,072).
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With A-level results day getting closer, thousands of students across the country are currently anxious about their future. But now there's no need to worry, as if you don't get the grades you were hoping for, you can just go down the pub instead.
Yes, that's right, Greene King pubs have announced they are recruiting for more than 300 paid apprenticeship opportunities across the country, which offer graduates the chance to 'earn while you learn' - building a successful career, without the extortionate costs of tuition fees.
These vacancies are open to those aged over 16, with further roles due to be advertised over the summer. This is keeping in line with the businesses' commitment to deliver 10,000 apprentices over a three year period - a pledge made in 2016.
The company's apprenticeship programme launched in 2011 and has trained 9,000 people over the last six years, in positions ranging from chefs to bar and front of house staff.
The apprenticeships combine on the job training with classroom learning, helping all apprentices gain qualifications that will help them in a long-term career in the hospitality sector.
Graham Briggs, apprenticeship manager at Greene King, said: “Apprenticeships offer an alternative and credible path for those looking to begin their career after leaving school or college and earning money while doing so. We are particularly proud of our apprenticeship programme and the number of young people that it has helped to realise their ambitions of a rewarding career.
"As a leading business in the UK's hospitality sector we're also delighted that, through our scheme, we're able to create a sustainable pipeline of skills for the future, ensuring that the industry continues to contribute to the UK's economy and employment.”
If you're interested in starting an apprenticeship with Greene King, then click here to find out more. To browse all job vacancies currently available in Cambridge, click here.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool fans thanked club legend Xabi Alonso for pairing the Reds with Porto in the Champions League's last 16.
The 2005 Champions League winner - who scored in the epic comeback that saw the Reds beat AC Milan in the final - was conducting the draw at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, and came up with what plenty of fans saw as a kind pairing.
Alonso could have haded Liverpool a tie against the likes of Real Madrid or Bayern Munich - two more of his former clubs - but instead he gave them Porto, who finished second in their group behind Besiktas.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
There is a bit of a wait before the last 16 ties are played, with the first legs not taking place until February 13, 14, 20 and 21.
Second legs will take place either on March 6, 7, 13 or 14.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A disabled woman has claimed she was abandoned in agony and told to make her own way to hospital because the ambulance couldn't take her wheelchair.
Rupy Kaur, from Sale Greater Manchester, has cerebral palsy and relies on her electric wheelchair to get around.
But when she visited A&E after she started suffering from back spasms she was told that she should seek help immediately if they got worse.
Rupy went to her GP because she was in agony and he called for an ambulance.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
But when the crew reached Firsway Health Centre, Rupy says she was shocked to be told the ambulance couldn't take her because of her wheelchair.
She says they told her it was because of "health and safety" reasons.
Scared and upset, Rupy decided she had no choice but to make her own way to Wythenshawe Hospital.
It took her three hours to get there - her accessible car had broken down so she had to call the RAC, before finally getting her carer to drive her.
The ambulance service say "some wheelchairs' cannot be secured in ambulances, and so it would be dangerous'to transport them."
She told the Manchester Evening News: “I was stressed out and scared – if the reason for my spasms was what the GP had suspected then all the faffing around would have caused paralysis and incontinence.
(Image: MEN Media)
(Image: MEN Media)
“Thankfully it turned out to be muscular in the end, but it's worrying that we're in 2018 and the ambulance service isn't equipped for a lot of disabled people's needs. Awareness needs to be raised.”
A spokesperson for the North West Ambulance Service said: “We are very sorry to hear that Ms Kaur was unhappy with the care she received from us and glad to hear that she is now feeling better.
“There are some wheelchairs which we are not able to safely secure in our ambulances which would put the patient and our staff at risk if a collision occurred, and therefore we are unable to carry them.
"However, we would be happy to look into this for her and would urge Ms Kaur to get in touch with our patient experience team so that we can properly investigate the incident.”
(Corrects headline and first paragraph to show proposal is to scrap dual-corporate structure, not dual-listing)
SYDNEY, April 10 Hedge fund manager Elliott Advisors said on Monday it had sent a letter to BHP Billiton directors outlining a plan to unlock value by scrapping the mining giant's dual- corporate structure, demerging its oil business and rejigging its capital return policy.
"The goal is to provide details of the BHP shareholder value unlock plan to all of BHP's shareholders so that BHP can engage openly with all parties on the plan to unlock shareholder value," Elliot said in a statement.
Elliott Advisors said it holds a "long economic interest" of about 4.1 percent of the issued shares in BHP Billiton plc. It also said it holds rights with its affiliates to acquire up to 0.4 percent of the issued shares in BHP Billiton ltd.
BHP did not immediately comment. (Reporting by James Regan and Jamie Freed; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Iwakuni exercise their noncombatant evacuation operations capabilities (Radio)
Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni conducts a Noncombatant Operation Exercise to measure how prepared the air station is during the case of an evacuation. Marine Corporal Emily Kirk went to see the process of getting people off the base at a moment's notice. This story includes soundbites from Lance Cpl. Ivette Walker, Chicago, Illinois.
© CC BY 2.0 / Andy Rennie /
High exposure to radiofrequency radiation - the radiation known as RFR and emitted from your cell phone - causes a rare cancer in male rats, according to draft conclusions released by the National Institutes of Health on Friday.The two technical reports , one on mice and the other on rats, released by the NIH's National Toxicology Program (NTP) show the exposure to the high levels of radiation resulted in tumors in the tissues surrounding nerves in the heart of male rats.Both male and female rats that were exposed to high levels of RFR showed increased patterns of damage to their heart tissue, according to the researchers."The levels and duration of exposure to RFR were much greater than what people experience with even the highest level of cell phone use, and exposed the rodents' whole bodies. So, these findings should not be directly extrapolated to human cell phone usage," said NTP senior scientist Dr. John Bucher in a written statement.Bucher said these studies "provide the most comprehensive assessment, to date, of health effects in rats and mice from exposure to RFR."Researchers said that newborn rats and their mothers had lower body weights, especially when exposed to high levels of RFR during pregnancy and lactation. However, those animals eventually grew to normal size.The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Federal Communications Commission jointly are responsible for regulations pertaining to wireless communication devices.NTP will hold an external expert review of its complete findings on these studies in late March.
April 24 (UPI) -- Iranian President Hassan Rouhani warned the United States against pulling out of its nuclear deal Tuesday as European leaders try to convince President Donald Trump to stick with the agreement.
"Today, we are standing by our commitments stronger than ever before," Rouhani said. "However, anyone seeking to betray their commitments to us should know that the grave consequences of such a move will affect themselves."
Trump has been critical of the deal, called the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and has set a May 12 deadline to decide whether the United States will withdraw from the agreement.
Calling the deal "terrible," Trump vowed in January to withdraw from the agreement in May if the "flaws" of the JCPOA were not fixed. He said the pact gave Iran "a slush fund for weapons, terror, and oppression, and to further line the pockets of corrupt regime leaders."
The JCPOA, agreed to in 2015 by Iran, China, France, Russia, Britain, United States and Germany and the European Union, gave sanctions relief in exchange for Tehran limiting its nuclear program.
Under the terms of the deal, Iran agreed to eliminate its stockpile of medium-enriched uranium, cut its stockpile of low-enriched uranium and reduce its number of gas centrifuges. Some of the restrictions on Iran are scheduled to be lifted after 10 and 15 years.
Iran's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, who helped to broker the historic deal, told NPR a U.S. withdrawal from the agreement would damage the country's credibility.
"I think the United States doesn't want to send the message to the world that if you negotiate with the United States, the U.S. is going to come back after you had reached an agreement and tell you 'I don't like these parts of the agreement and I want them re-negotiated,'" Zarif said.
European leaders have also been pushing for Trump to stick with the agreement.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said Monday during a G-7 summit in Toronto that he hoped Trump would preserve the accord, despite "anxieties" about Iran.
Russian Foreign Secretary Sergei Lavrov said Monday he and his Chinese counterpart had agreed to block any U.S. attempt to sabotage the deal.
French President Emmanuel Macron landed in Washington, D.C., Monday on an official state visit to the United States. Macron is another supporter of the deal.
In an interview with Fox News Sunday, Macron suggested it would be a mistake to withdraw from the pact.
"You cannot make a trade war with your allies," Macron said. "It's too complicated if you make war against everybody. You make trade war against China, trade war against Europe, war in Syria, war against Iran, it doesn't work. You need allies."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has also defended the deal, telling an Israeli TV station she'd rather have an imperfect deal than no deal at all. She will visit Trump starting Thursday.
While we're still waiting for the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1180 to be announced, the GTX 1160 may be powering the best gaming laptops by the end of the year.
Adding on to the heap of Nvidia Turing rumors we've seen over the last few months, we might be seeing the next generation of laptops graphics coming to the Lenovo Legion Y530 in Q4 2018, according to a leak reported by Wccftech.
This would be the second time that Lenovo has supposedly leaked the release window for a next-generation Nvidia GPU – a Lenovo product manager mentioned that one of its desktops would pack “up to an 1180” at E3 2018. And, you can just look at recent trends in the GPU market to realize that laptop GPUs typically follow the release of their desktop counterparts – so this just adds credence to the GTX 1180 launching in the next few months.
What can it do
While it will supposedly feature the same 6GB of VRAM that the GTX 1060 did, we have reason to believe it will be using GDDR6 memory, which will lead to higher bandwidth and memory performance. Nvidia may also pull what they did with the 1060, and offer a 12GB version later on down the line, offering higher-spec performance.
We don't know what it's going to be clocked at, but everything we've seen about Nvidia Turing up to this point suggests that the 1160 might end up out-powering the 1070.
All we know is that the rumors for Nvidia Turing are reaching a fevered pitch, and we probably won't have to wait much longer, if rumors about Nvidia sending out Gamescom invitations are correct.
Even if they're not, we doubt we'll be waiting too much longer to see what the next Nvidia graphics cards, both for laptops and desktops, will look like.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FRANK ANDRUSCAVAGE / STAFF WRITER Larry Dettery is led into the office of Magisterial District Judge Christina E. Hale on Wednesday morning by West Mahanoy Township Police Chief Marvin Livergood.
SHENANDOAH — A Shenandoah man charged with robbing a West Mahanoy Township bank last month waived his right to a preliminary hearing Wednesday morning.
Larry R. Dettery, 38, of 34 W. Penn St., was arrested by township Police Chief Marvin Livergood and charged with the heist at Miners Bank, 504 S. Lehigh Ave., just after it opened for business May 26.
Dettery was scheduled to appear before Magisterial District Judge Christina E. Hale, Frackville, on charges of one felony count each of robbery, robbery of a financial institution, threats to use weapons of mass destruction and terroristic threats; one misdemeanor count each of terroristic threats, theft, receiving stolen property, recklessly endangering another person, disorderly conduct and possession of drug paraphernalia; and a summary offense of scattering rubbish.
After conferring with his attorney, Chief Public Defender Michael Stine, Dettery chose to waive the hearing and instead answer to the charges in Schuylkill County Court.
Dettery was then taken back to prison, where he is being held on $75,000 straight cash bail set by Magisterial District Judge David J. Rossi, Tremont, at the time of his arraignment.
Livergood charged Dettery with entering the bank about 9 a.m., placing a package on the counter and handing a note to a teller saying the package was bomb and to hurry.
Livergood said the teller handed Dettery an undetermined amount of cash and he then fled the area on foot.
A state police explosive ordnance disposal team was called, rendered the package safe and determined it contained batteries, wires and a white powdery substance.
Livergood said a hazardous materials team was the called to evaluate the powdery substance and determined it to be a form of potassium that can be used in the construction of an explosive device.
As officers searched for Dettery, they found a pair of glasses in a wooded area along with a hooded sweatshirt and a cellphone.
Livergood said authorities used that cellphone to obtain Dettery's name and photograph and a subsequent check revealed that he lived at 34 W. Penn St., Shenandoah.
At that home, Livergood said, Dettery initially fled out the back door but was quickly taken into custody and a subsequent search found him with items of drug paraphernalia.
Dettery was taken to the Shenandoah police station where he was interviewed by Shenandoah Police Chief George Carado and admitted to constructing the explosive device, entering the bank, placing the device on the counter and sliding the note to the teller, Livergood said.
Contact the writer: fandruscavage@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6013
click to enlarge File
You can bring this cutie to the brewery if you get him registered.
In preparation for their grand re-opening in a few weeks, Tradesman Brewing Co. is launching a new dog-friendly “Growler Club.” The club is designed to register dog visitors, keep everyone safe, and ensure that the brewery can operate for many years to come. It's basically cheering, but better, because you can bring your dog.
In 2016, we wrote about COAST and Holy City instituting no dog policies, citing incidents where dogs bit employees. We at CP, and most every beer drinker we've ever met, love dogs. But imagine a busy weekend afternoon, with toddlers teetering around, beer flowing, and tons of people shuffling from bar to table. Add an unruly dog to the mix, and well, disaster could very well strike.
Tradesman is owned and operated by dog lovers and they want their new 2,000-square-foot patio to be a place locals can hang out with their furry friends, enjoy the breeze, and drink a great brew. They just want to make sure that patio is enjoyable for all patrons, both two and four-legged.
To register your pup for the Growler Club, all you need is a current copy of their shot records and $10 for a Tradesman dog tag. The membership is good for the calendar year and allows the brewery to better get to know you and your dog.
Registration for the Growler Club starts this weekend, June 2-3, from noon-6:00 p.m. Stop by their pop-up beer garden at 1647 King St. Ext. to fill out a waiver and get a custom wrench-shaped dog tag.
Front row from left, UN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi, European Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid Christos Stylianides and European Commissioner for European Neighborhood Policy Johannes Hahn attend a conference 'Supporting the future of Syria and the region' at the EU Charlemagne building in Brussels on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo)
Front row from left, UN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi, European Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid Christos Stylianides and European Commissioner for European Neighborhood Policy Johannes Hahn attend a conference 'Supporting the future of Syria and the region' at the EU Charlemagne building in Brussels on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Virginia Mayo)
BRUSSELS (AP) - International efforts to rebuild Syria once the civil war is over should center on agriculture to kick-start the economy and quickly improve the livelihoods of the people, a high-level United Nations official said Tuesday.
In an interview with The Associated Press ahead of an international Syria donors conference, the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization's Deputy Director General Daniel Gustafson said that in case of a return to peace the impact of funding farming would yield almost immediate results.
"If you invest in that, you are going to get a quick return," he said.
Despite seven years of warfare through much of the Middle Eastern nation which also blighted farmland and destroyed facilities, farming still accounts for about a quarter of Syria's gross domestic product.
UN figures show that some $16 billion in production has been lost because of the war and it will take about as much to get the recovery of farming going again. At the two-day Syria conference opening Tuesday, donors from across the globe hope to commit several billion in assistance to alleviate the pressing needs of Syrians. Over $5 billion was committed last year.
Farming in Syria goes back many thousands of years and the nation was long a breadbasket for the area. When the war started almost half the population was still employed in farming.
And despite the horrific war that ravaged orchards and fields, cut the availability of seeds and fertilizers and sent many millions fleeing, half the output survives to this day.
"The resilience of the agriculture sector is an astonishing story. You still have half the production of wheat of what you had before the war" - two million tons, instead of 4 million before the war, Gustafson said.
Still, some 6.5 million people are in urgent need of immediate assistance because they face a lack of food, said Gustafson.
While most of the attention goes to shocking events like bombings or even gas attacks, war in the countryside often has a more creeping effect.
"It is this continuous deterioration of their livelihoods. You cannot get seeds, you cannot sell stuff, you cannot trade, you cannot get spare parts," Gustafson said. "The whole thing just kind of grinds down."
He said that fortunately, the situation can also pick up again soon once the conditions are right, once the right seeds come in again and people and goods are again free to move around the country.
Date Taken: 11.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:02 Photo ID: 3082869 VIRIN: 161109-F-CA297-260 Resolution: 4784x3190 Size: 796.51 KB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION)
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, 386th EOD destroys unusable ammunition [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The death of the highly esteemed academic and insurgent intellectual, Professor Rok Ajulu marks the beginning of the end of an era in African politics and intellectualism.
For the past 30 years, he epitomised the emergence of a new African intellectual activist who used his sharp insights and knowledge to advance what became known as an African Renaissance or agenda. Now that Ajulu has succumbed to pancreatic cancer, what seemed certain now seems uncertain.
It is hard to come across academics and elites interested in finding cures to the ills that confront Africa. In fact, at the time of his death, Ajulu was concluding a book titled Kenya: The Making of an Authoritarian & Predatory State.
It is the kind of book that will resonate with South Africans in the light of the raging debate about state capture. Many will have met or were taught by Ajulu. But he was a renowned intellectual.
In fact, he was the kind of man you knew without knowing him. Like Biko or Jesus, you did not have to meet him. He was preceded by his reputation. For almost 40 years, he influenced and shaped African thinking and contributed to genuine liberation.
He inspired a generation of students and activists through his work.
He was a selfless insurgent intellectual who used his sharp insights, intellectual skills and passionate commitment to shape post-it dependence political thought. This made him more than just a mere academic.
As early as the 1980s brothers and friends studying at Roma – as the University of Lesotho was known – spoke highly about this calibre of the new African intelligentsia, bold, fearless, clear thinking and courageous and Ajulu was at the top of the list.
His name spread in Swaziland, Soweto, Netherlands and London and was familiar among those in exile or associated and working with underground structures.
He touched and infused young South Africans with his critical yet deep Pan Africanist views and thoughts. He studied at Roma where he went on to lecture from 1980 to 1984.
The man portrayed what it meant to be a true pan-Africanist.
He was known to be from Kenya. But he was a global African and worked in countries where his skills were needed. He was detribalised. He was cosmopolitan and western educated, yet rooted in Afrocentric wisdom, knowledge and perspectives.
In fact, he was a specialist in African politics and international relations. He left his own country to go to Lesotho and Swaziland and finally settled in South Africa where he taught at Rhodes and Wits universities for almost two decades, from 1994 to 2008.
He was a behind the scenes kind of strategist, not seeking the limelight. The struggle or his contribution and role were not about him.
But there is no doubt that his intellectual interventions inside and outside of class or lecture hall sobered and matured many South African students and activists.
The man was versed in Negritude, modernism, literature, philosophy and politics. He was wide ranging and reflective. He was an example that reminded us of long lost principles and values, selflessness, self sacrifice and being a servant of all African people.
For him, the ideals of Kwame Nkruma, Jomo Kenyata, John Langalibalele Dube and other founding fathers of African self determination were not a relic of the past. He still believed in the dream of African unity.
In a serious twist of irony, Ajulu was based in Gauteng in 2008 during the explosion of what the media called xenophobia. One shudders to think that such a man or people like him had to live in the shadow of death.
But he lived and survived, helping to shatter all the myths of African self-hate and racism at campuses like the previous whites-only universities such as Rhodes and Wits.
His presence inspired and emboldened African students there. The straight forward truth he spoke. Well, he may not have been a household name and never would have been. Intellectual activism and work is a lonely business that does not attract the limelight.
But, in his own way, he was the kind of man who made us understand that behind a strong beautiful insightful and articulate African woman there is a powerful African man.” He was not a patriarchal type.
Instead he loved his women and wife unconditionally, giving all the required support. With his help and support, she has risen to be a leader of integrity, highly educated and articulate.
He was not a celebrity. But he was celebrated in his own unique way. He was and will always be an outstanding teacher that as an African man, you don't have to abuse women or be corrupt. He was a great man for his humble ways.
This is the kind of inspiration and source of self knowledge and determination we need, especially among African men.
In Africa your good deeds form their own language and speak of your work. Ajulu works fly throughout the continent. Search for his students.How can a man so few knew be such a great figure? No doubt, he has written and delivered a myriad of scholarly papers and lectures. He is, indisputably, an insurgent intellectual and scholar. Our hearts go out to his wife, Lindiwe Sisulu and family.
Your loss is our loss. Those who met and knew him say Rok Ajulu was a remarkable man, learned, articulate, pleasant and insightful. We are blessed to have had a man of his calibre among us. A true son of the soil, his spirit lives. A memorial service will be held at ZK Matthews auditorium at Unisa on Saturday 7 January at 11am.
Sandile Memela
Sandile Memela is a writer and commentator
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein was indicted on charges of rape and a criminal sexual act, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said. Picture: Steven Hirsch/New York Post via AP, Pool
New York - Movie producer Harvey Weinstein was indicted on Wednesday on charges of rape and a criminal sexual act, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said, the first case to emerge from a slew of sexual misconduct allegations against him.
"This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged," Vance said in a statement on the charges against the disgraced 66-year-old co-founder of the Miramax film studio and the Weinstein Co.
The grand jury indictment follows his arrest and court appearance last Friday on charges related to two among about 70 women who have accused him of sexual misconduct, all of which Weinstein has denied.
Vance's statement said Weinstein was charged with rape in the first and third degrees and a criminal sexual act in the first degree.
Ben Brafman, the head of Weinstein's legal team, said his client would plead not guilty and defend himself against the charges.
Read more: Handcuffed Harvey Weinstein appears in court on sex crime charges
Harvey Weinstein surrenders on sex assault charges
If convicted on the most serious charges, Weinstein could face between five and 25 years in prison.
Earlier on Wednesday, Weinstein declined to testify before the grand jury after a judge denied a request by his lawyers to postpone the appearance. Brafman had argued Weinstein was denied access to information about the case and lacked preparation time.
"Mr. Weinstein intends to enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that he strongly denies," Brafman said in a statement after the indictment.
"We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted."
The grand jury indictment spares the prosecution the step of having to go before a judge to demonstrate there is enough evidence to bring Weinstein to trial.
The indictment follows a months-long investigation with the New York Police Department. Police have not identified the two women, but said the crimes took place in 2004 and 2013.
Weinstein remains out on $1 million cash bail ordered by a judge last Friday. Weinstein surrendered his US passport and agreed to wear a monitoring device that tracks his location, confining him to the states of New York and Connecticut.
Some of the allegations date back decades. Weinstein has denied ever having nonconsensual sex.
The accusations, first reported last year by the New York Times and the New Yorker, gave rise to the #MeToo movement, in which hundreds of women have publicly accused powerful men in business, government and entertainment of sexual misconduct.
Actresses who have publicly accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct include Uma Thurman, Ashley Judd, Rose McGowan and Salma Hayek.
Reuters
FILE - In this Dec. 15, 2016, file photo, the Yahoo logo appears on a smartphone in Frankfurt, Germany. The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday, April 24, 2018, against the company, which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year.. (AP Photo/Michael Probst, File)
FILE - In this Dec. 15, 2016, file photo, the Yahoo logo appears on a smartphone in Frankfurt, Germany. The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday, April 24, 2018, against the company, which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year.. (AP Photo/Michael Probst, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company, which is no longer publicly traded, neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate. The breach wasn't disclosed to the investing public until more than two years later, when Yahoo was working on closing Verizon's acquisition of its operating business in 2016, the SEC said.
"Yahoo's failure to have controls and procedures in place to assess its cyber disclosure obligations ended up leaving its investors totally in the dark about a massive data breach," Jina Choi, director of the SEC's San Francisco regional office, said in a statement.
Jamie O'Hara reunited with his sons after being e
Meryl Streep lashes out at Donald Trump at the an
G4's audition on the first series of The X Factor
Adele is given a new Grammy after her award break
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family have paid tribute to the late socialite a week after her death, and have confirmed she was "happy" and "making plans" for the future.
After Tara's sister Santa Montefiore confirmed on Twitter that the 45-year-old It Girl had died of natural causes - and not of a brain tumour, as was previously thought - the family released a statement about her funeral arrangements.
"We would like to thank the many people who have contacted us about Tara following her untimely death," they said.
"It has been a source of great comfort to know how loved she was by so many people.
"Tara died peacefully in her sleep due to a perforated ulcer and peritonitis."
(Photo: Getty)
The statement continued: "Those that knew and were close to Tara knew that there was no retreat to a 'dark place' as some have disappointingly sought to suggest.
"In the last few weeks Tara was happy, positive and making plans for when she recovered her health.
"As usual she had been busy with the friends and family she loved, and who loved her in return."
(Photo: PA)
It added: "She was in communication with her family and others of whom she was fond over her final weekend and had spent a lot of her time recording music and playing the piano in her apartment – a sure sign that she was happy and feeling good.
"Tara's funeral will be on the 27th February. This will be a private moment for family and close friends to grieve and we would ask that our privacy at this time is respected.
"We will miss Tara very much and will never forget the joy, love and humour she bought to our lives."
These are the 10 best interiors of 2017 – at least according to Ward's Auto. The publication has once again hand-picked the best of the best of car interiors; last year saw winners from Chevy, BMW, Cadillac, and plenty others. This year sees an even bigger variety than ever before.
Here is the full list of this year's winners:
From the cheapest model in the bunch, the $29,260 Subaru Impreza, all the way to the $278,000 Bentley Bentayga, there is no shortage of well-crafted interiors on this list. The Ward's 2017 honor list sees some interesting newcomers to the mix, including the Maserati Levante, Buick LaCrosse, and Lincoln Continental, as well as some familiar faces from Honda and Lexus.
"We strive every year to compile a list that is diverse, representing as many segments and price points as possible," says Senior Content Director Drew Winter. "The fact that seven brands are receiving their first Wards 10 Best Interiors trophies is a testament to the advances made across the entire auto industry."
Only three manufactures on the list have received the honor before – Lexus, Honda, and Mazda – while the seven other honorees are making the list for the first time. Alfa Romeo, Bentley, Buick, Lincoln, Maserati, Mini, and Subaru have never made the list in the award's seven-year history. The ten winners were selected from more than 31 interiors tested by the publication. Surprisingly, Vilner's horse leather Mustang interior didn't receive honors.
Source: Ward's Auto
Surprised league leaders, WAFA stretched their lead on the table after a 2-0 win over Bolga All Stars on Sunday at their Sogakope base after week 12 round of matches of the Ghana Premier League (GPL).
But Kumasi Asante Kotoko saw their plight worsened at Wa where Wa All Stars defeated them 1-0 in Godwin Ablordey's first match in charge as caretaker trainer and Accra Hearts of Oak overcoming a scare from Elmina Sharks to draw 1-1.
It was the third week running for WAFA at the top for recording the 2-0 win over Bolga All Stars which happens to be the sixth on the row.
Right back Caleb Amankwah scored the opening goal in the 44th minute before Gideon Waja scored beautifully from a free-kick which took a deflection off the wall to beat goalkeeper Sulemana Abdul Aziz of the visitors.
But Kotoko have themselves to blame for the defeat after squandering a second-half penalty awarded them before the 1-0 fall to the Wa strugglers.
The Porcupine Warriors had hoped the sack of Coach Zdravko Lugarusic would mark the end of their troubles but that was not to be as Kweku Asuandzie Baffoe scored in the 35th minute.
Kotoko upped their play in a bid to get the equaliser but met a stubborn goalkeeper, Richard Ofori who made a lot of breathtaking saves to deny the Asanteman warriors.
The height of his excellent display was the important save of Abeiku Ainoonson's 58th minute penalty.
In Accra, Hearts laboured to earn a point in a frustrating draw with Elmina Sharks at the Accra Sports Stadium.
The confident looking Sharks fetched the leader through Joseph Mensah in the 59th minute.
It came as a rude shock for the hosts but they responded well to find the equaliser through in-form Winful Cobbinah in the 63rd minute.
Accra Great Olympics put their troubles aside to snatch a point at the Dansoman Park where they held Liberty Professionals 0-0.
Olympics was the brightest side in the early stages of the encounter and could have opened the scoring in the 20th minute through Bernardinho Tetteh but a great save by goalkeeper Eric Andoh denied them.
But the Scientific Soccer boys came out from their shells as they took the game to the away side but could not break the deadlock as referee Otis Oppong brought the first stanza to an end.
Olympics improved in the second half but failed to create any clear-cut chance.
On Saturday, Bechem United lost 2-0 away to Medeama SC at the T&A Park. Paul Aidoo, from a spot kick and Amos Korankye were the scorers for the Tarkwa Mauves.
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
Headlines: IPL 2018: Sunrisers Hyderabad wins against Mumbai Indians
IPL 2018: Sunrisers Hyderabad won against Mumbai Indians yesterday. It was the 23rd IPL match. Watch to know more.
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Borussia Dortmund have 'accepted' Barcelona's €100million bid for wantaway midfielder Ousmane Dembele - but there's a catch.
The Blaugrana are desperate to replace Neymar following the Brazilian's world record switch to Paris Saint-Germain.
Alongside Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho, 20-year-old Dembele has been identified as Ernesto Valverde's top target.
After previously turning down an offer for the French starlet, It appears Dortmund have finally given in and accepted a bid, according to Sport. But the Spanish news outlet report there's a catch.
(Image: REUTERS)
The Bundesliga side is asking for an extra €30m 'subject to the player's performances'. Barcelona could therefore end up paying more for the amount of games Demebele plays, goals he scores and titles/cups he wins.
Dortmund suspended Dembele 'until further notice' after the midfielder went AWOL from Dortmund training.
It comes after the Bundesliga side confirmed they had held talks with Barça over the player but the bid received was nowhere near their valuation.
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
A statement read: "Borussia Dortmund has held talks with the Catalan football club FC Barcelona regarding the possible transfer of the BVB player Ousmane Dembele to FC Barcelona.
"During this meeting, the representatives of FC Barcelona submitted a bid which did not match the player's extraordinary footballing ability or value to the club, nor the present economic market situation of the European transfer market. BVB therefore rejected this offer.
"As there is no other offer from FC Barcelona to date, there is currently no transfer of the player to FC Barcelona and this is not currently likely."
File photo: AFP
Petrol containers and what's been described as a "crude" detonators were found under several cement trucks in north eastern Paris on Thursday morning according to reports.
Workers found six petrol containers attached to a "crude detonator device" under several trucks at a cement works in Paris on Thursday, sources close to the inquiry told AFP.
The trucks, found in the French capital's northeastern 19th arrondissement, belonged to Franco-Swiss cement company LafargeHolcim.
"Workers discovered the containers as they went to work this morning," one source told AFP.
Bomb disposal experts rushed to the site and police cordoned off the area, situated in a working-class district.
According to BFM TV however police are not treating the incident as an attempted terrorist attack, while France Info quote sources saying it is too early to know whether the device was functional.
Prosecutors have reportedly opened a probe into attempted destruction of property by fire.
However the discovery will no doubt concern authorities and the public because it comes just days after a homemade bomb made using gas canisters was found in the entrance to an apartment block in the plush 16th arrondissement in the west of the city.
Police have arrested six individuals over the failed attack, including on was on the terror watchlist and was known to intelligence services for his links to the extremist Islamist movement.
One theory is the bomb was intended to target a far right anti-Islam journalist.
READ ALSO:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An aspiring singer who fell to her death from a luxury tower block had tweeted about trying to end her life 'multiple times', it's emerged.
The murder investigation into the death of Bethany-Maria Beales after she plunged to her death from the 19th floor of a luxury apartment block in London on Saturday continues.
The 22-year-old fell from the 36-storey development The Heron Building in the City of London - where apartments can cost up to £10million.
Police have arrested a man and a woman on suspicion of murder. They have both since been bailed.
Only days earlier Bethany-Maria had tweeted about a Lana Del Rey song.
(Image: Facebook)
The troubled singer tweeted a week ago today on May 24: "If anyone wants to start to understand my mental issues and the reason ive (sic) tried to end my life multiple times, listen to @LanaDelRey Ultraviolence and it will explain everything".
Ultraviolence, the title track for Lana Del Rey's 2014 album, is a song about being in a violent relationship.
(Image: RoeyQueen/Twitter)
Friends and relatives paid tribute to Bethany-Maria, who graduated from a drama, ­performance and theatre arts studies course last year at Roehampton ­University in South West London.
Her family said in a statement: “Beth was a kind, funny, loyal, intelligent, talented and beautiful person who changed the lives of everyone fortunate enough to know her and lucky enough to be loved by her.
“She had the brightest smile and the most beautiful singing voice. She was our songbird.
“She had an amazing talent that, if it had been seen by the world, would have become known to millions.
“She was more than a daughter, granddaughter, niece, cousin, step-sister, step-auntie, god-daughter or friend. She was the world to us all.
“To say we will miss her does not come close to describing how we feel. Our world will never be as bright again now that our shining star has gone.”
(Image: PA)
(Image: Facebook)
A pal described Bethany-Maria as “insanely talented”. The former fellow student wrote online: “You were my friend on and off stage. Life will be so boring without your sparkle.” Another posted: “You were the most beautiful and wonderful soul I ever had the pleasure of knowing.”
Bethany-Maria, who died on Saturday, was said to have had plans to travel to Ibiza.
(Image: Facebook)
(Image: Facebook)
Her murder probe is believed to be the first by City of London Police in three years. Detective Chief Inspector Edelle Michaels said: “We would like to extend our thoughts and condolences to Bethany's family and friends at this difficult time.
“We are doing all we can to determine the circumstances of this tragic incident.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
And (personally, anyway) having a massive internal freakout at how ludicrously quickly they are growing and changing, and that I'll blink a couple more times and they'll be at university living on value vodka and instant noodles.
Of course, there are some things we are happy never to have darkened our door again – who would feel wistful over soggy bedsheets, nits, or everything you own being covered in ketchup? But the cute stuff is another matter. Which is why myself and every other parent I've ever met fails to correct their children when they do that adorable thing of saying words in ever-so-slightly the wrong way.
My daughter enjoys cheese nan-witches for lunch and bounces on a pamperline. My son (who really should be taught the error of his ways by now) enjoys bisketti bolognese and his favourite ‘aminal' – OK, he doesn't say that one any more, but HOW SWEET – is a bergiraffe (no clue why the ber' thing, but the moon is also a ‘moonk', according to his girl pal).
(Image: Getty)
These words have now been adopted by the whole family to be used until the end of time. As such we often sit down to a Sunday breakfast of strangled eggs on toast (we have them with ‘nippy' sauce because brown sauce tastes a bit, well, nippy), and treat ourselves to some navilla ice queen after dinner. When we go to their pals for tea, they are made to eat sugar napping peas (what can I say, they have posh vegged choices), while the grown-ups have a nice dupper dee (cup of tea).
I also have a friend who takes her son shopping in Marks & Expensive to buy pop-porn. Indeed, some of the mispronunciations can be slighty unfortunate. Another friend's son talks about having a ‘growth squirt' – adorable when you're five, less so now he is knocking on puberty's door…
Some errors that have required correction include clock missing the ‘L' and swapping the ‘tt' for a casual double G in ‘butter'. Ditto a frog being called an unpleasantry beginning with the same letter. Especially in ear shot of judgemental folk when an amphibian is spotted in the local park…
Other ways small children mess with every day speech…
Instead of reading, building, writing, bringing and giving, we often readed, builded, wrote, bringed and gived things, even though they are happening right now.
We are forever overcoming fuge osticles (otherwise known as huge obstacles) in our grammar and pronunciation, as you can see.
We sometimes treat ourselves to measles. We know how to live (measles are Maltesers, obviously).
Feel Lara's pain? Let her know on Twitter: @larajkilner
About Lara: Mum to a shouty six-year-old and a fast moving three-year old. Along with going to work and getting annoyed with my husband for leaving his pants on the floor, there isn't much time for anything else.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's address to the nation on 71st Independence Day was briefly interrupted when a black kite landed below the podium at the historic Red Fort on Tuesday.
According to PTI, the kite landed quietly without causing any disturbance and the Prime Minister continued his address unfazed.
The kite landed below the podium around the time when PM Modi was about to wrap up his 54-minute speech.
In his Independence Day speech, the Prime Minister talked about a wide range of isues and also shared his vision for creating a 'New India.'
Ahead of the Independence Day celebrations, the national capital was put under an unprecedented ground-to- air security cover to prevent any untoward incident.
Thousands of security personnel, including 9,100 personnel from the Delhi Police, had been deployed in and around the historic Mughal fort which saw the presence of senior ministers, top bureaucrats, foreign dignitaries and common people during the Prime Minister's address.
Hordes of people who reached the Red Fort to attend the Independence Day function were screened and frisked by security personnel.
Police and paramilitary personnel were deployed along the roads leading to the Red Fort even as the areas were covered with hundreds of CCTV cameras to watch over suspects and any abnormal movement.
Barricades were put up at various places where armed police and paramilitary personnel kept a strict vigil. Traffic personnel allowed only authorised vehicles to head towards the venue.
With PTI Inputs
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A former top aide to Roman Abramovich at Chelsea FC yesterday urged Britain and allies to boycott the World Cup in Russia this summer.
The Stamford Bridge club's ex-managing director Christian Purslow, 54, said England, France, Germany and Spain should quit the competition to highlight opposition to Vladimir Putin .
“If Europe's three leading football nations who bookmakers expect to be semi-finalists in the World Cup - Germany, France and Spain - were to decide that an unprovoked nerve agent attack by Russia on a NATO ally merited joining England in a boycott, it would destroy the credibility and attraction of the tournament and hurt Putin's popularity more than any economic or diplomatic sanction,” the former Liverpool chief wrote in a letter to The Times.
(Image: Getty)
“Our government could not target a measure which would be better guaranteed to make clear to the Russian people what their leader is up to and what right-thinking citizens of the world feel about it.”
Pressure is mounting on England to snub the tournament following the Salisbury outrage, blamed on Moscow.
Theresa May has already confirmed senior royals and ministers will boycott the spectacle.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Meanwhile, Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich and major Arsenal shareholder Alisher Usmanov could face a crackdown on wealthy, UK-based Russians, it was claimed.
The pair were named by the US on a list of Putin cronies.
The US Treasury file put them among the top 210 Russians with huge fortunes or close links to the Kremlin.
Mr Abramovich and Mr Usmanov are on the oligarchs' list, reported to Congress, based on their having more than $1billion.
Signalling a toughening of the position, a Whitehall source told the Express: “No one will be given preferential treatment, regardless of their status.”
Date Taken: 05.30.2018 Date Posted: 05.30.2018 14:22 Category: Newscasts Audio ID: 52259 Filename: 1805/DOD_105686240.mp3 Length: 00:00:59 Year 2018 Genre Blues Location: US
Web Views: 3 Downloads: 0 High-Res. Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Air Force Radio News 30 May 2018 B, by SSgt Anastasia Tompkins, identified by DVIDS, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.dvidshub.net/about/copyright.
BOSTON (AP) — Presidents at America's private universities saw their pay increase by 9 percent in 2015, according to a new report , with several of them topping $2 million in total earnings.
The average chief received total compensation of nearly $570,000, including salary, bonuses and benefits, according to a survey of 500 schools released Sunday by The Chronicle of Higher Education. Among the highest earners were 10 who made more than $2 million, up from eight who crossed that mark the year before, while another 48 made at least $1 million.
Topping the list was Wake Forest University's Nathan Hatch, whose total pay of $4 million included a payment of nearly $3 million as a perk for leading the North Carolina school for 10 years.
Hatch's achievements in fundraising and other areas have been worth the investment, said Donna Boswell, head of the university's governing board.
“President Hatch's compensation over the course of his tenure reflects his exceptional leadership,” Boswell said in a statement, adding that Hatch has helped raise $795 million as part of an ongoing campaign.
Hatch was followed by Emory University's James Wagner, who received $3.5 million, and the University of Southern California's C.L. Max Nikias, with $3.2 million.
Emory, in Georgia, said its president's pay is “consistent with that of other top university presidents in the nation, particularly those who lead major research universities.”
The Chronicle's study is based on university tax filings for 2015, the latest year available. The publication's last study on private university presidents found that their pay grew by 8.6 percent in 2014.
Figures for overall compensation include yearly salaries, medical insurance, retirement benefits and a variety of other perks from housing to cars provided by the schools.
Nine of the top 10 earners made most of their pay through bonuses and deferred-compensation plans, which provide one-time payments for reaching milestones. Boston University's Robert Brown, for example, was paid a base salary of $883,000 but made another $1 million for reaching 10 years at the helm.
The University of Dayton, in Ohio, similarly paid Daniel Curran nearly $1.7 million after he reached age 65, on top of his $611,000 salary. Curran retired from the university the following year.
Dayton officials said deferred pay is commonly used “to attract, reward and retain high-quality leadership in a highly competitive environment.”
Deferred pay also often launches schools into the upper tier of executive pay for just a year. Only the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Chicago and Columbia University, in New York, ranked among the top 10 in 2014 and 2015.
The Chronicle's study found that the number of chiefs making more than $1 million was unusually high in 2015, jumping to 58 from 39 the year before. Authors of the report attribute the increase to a growing number of presidents who negotiate deferred-compensation deals and other bonus packages before accepting the jobs.
In a separate study in June, the Washington-based publication found that public university chiefs made an average of $501,000 in 2016, an uptick of 5.3 percent.
___
Follow Binkley on Twitter at @cbinkley
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A police officer has denied Tasering her force's own race relations adviser in the face.
Claire Boddie, 47, appeared at Taunton Magistrates' Court to face a charge of assault by beating contrary to Section 39 of the Criminal Justice Act 1988.
The charge arises from an incident in which Judah Adunbi, 63, was allegedly hit with a Taser in Bristol, on January 14 this year.
A video of the alleged incident has been widely published.
(Image: David Hedges SWNS.com)
(Image: David Hedges SWNS.com)
Following an investigation by the Independent Police Complaints Commission, a file of evidence was passed to the Crown Prosecution Service, which decided to issue a summons.
Boddie, whose address in court papers was given as Avon and Somerset Police headquarters, spoke only to confirm her name and date of birth and enter her not guilty plea during the hearing.
District Judge David Taylor told the court that "given the nature of the case, particularly the circumstances of the case" it should be heard outside the Avon and Somerset Police force area.
He said it would be listed for a case management hearing on September 12 at Swindon Magistrates' Court.
(Image: David Hedges SWNS.com)
(Image: David Hedges SWNS.com)
The judge told Boddie: "I am satisfied, given the nature of this case as a whole, that the interests of justice would be far better served outside the force area.
"I will adjourn the case until September 12 and give you unconditional bail. At this case management hearing a trial date will be fixed."
Mr Adunbi, who attended the hearing with friends, said afterwards: "We are pleased with the Independent Police Complaints Commission and the Crown Prosecution Service.
"We are hopeful that justice will be seen to be done by the courts."
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Avon and Somerset Police voluntarily referred itself to the police watchdog following the incident.
Mr Adunbi is a former member of the Independent Advisory Group to Avon and Somerset Police.
The groups advise on policing issues that may cause concern to local people and communities. Members from various backgrounds volunteer with the purpose of building trust, confidence and better relationships with diverse communities.
© Associated Press
"Moscow boasts a powerful diplomatic presence, especially in such countries as Brazil, Venezuela, Columbia, Argentina, Mexico, Chile, and Cuba. With 300 million people and a combined GNP of over $1 trillion, MERCOSUR is a huge common market of South American countries, which includes the majority of continent's states.
Vladimir Putin met with President of Bolivia Evo Morales on the sidelines of the Third Summit of the Gas Exporting Countries Forum (Nov. 20-24). "There is interest in the fields of energy, engineering and certain high-tech sectors. We are prepared to work together with you in military technology cooperation as well," he is Bolivian counterpart"
https://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2017/12/08/russia-latin-america-promising-prospects-for-military-cooperation.html
"The commander of the Bolivian Air Force recommended that La Paz acquire Russian Yakovlev Yak-130 "Mitten" light-attack aircraft to replace the service's Lockheed T-33s. The Bolivian Army has an ongoing requirement for new armoured transports and combat vehicles for which it has previously considered Russian equipment. The two countries signed a defense cooperation agreement back in August, which appears to the first step by Russia for larger weapons transfers to Bolivia. This is a part of a much broader picture."
"The Yak-130 combat training fighter plane, the Su-35 and Su-30MK super-maneuverable multirole fighters and the MiG-29M multirole frontline fighter, the Mi-28NE, Ka-52, Mi-35M combat helicopters and the Mi-26T2 heavy transport helicopter, the Pantsir-S1 anti-aircraft missile and artillery system, and the Antey-2500 long-range air defense system are the most promising weapon systems Russia can offer to Latin American buyers.
Potential Latin American customers are traditionally attracted by Russia's air defense systems, especially the Pantsir-S1 air defense missile/gun system, Tor-M2KM and Buk-M2E SAM systems, and the Igla-S MANPADS. The Mi-17, Mi-26T2 and Ansat helicopters are in focus of public attention. The Project 20382 Tiger-class small patrol boat (corvette), Project 14310 Mirazh-class patrol boat and Project 636 large diesel-electric submarine draw the attention of senior naval officers from various countries of the continent.
Russian ground forces' weapons and military equipment, which are also used by special operations units to combat crime, terrorism and drug mafia, appear to be in demand.
Russia and Argentina are in talks on acquisition of Russian MiG-29 fighters. Brazil is interested in the purchase of Russia's Pantsir-S1air defense missile and artillery system as well as more Igla-S portable SAMs that have already been sold to that country. Colombia, Peru, Venezuela, Uruguay and Argentina have expressed interest in purchasing Russian fighter jets, such as the Sukhoi Su-30 fighter currently operating in Syria."
With all the anti-Russia sanctions imposed by the US and EU, Russia has turned its attention towards Latin America to further enhance its economic opportunities with other world economies. From fighter planes to mini-subs, capable of operating at a depth of 6,000 meters, Russia is increasingly taking a lead in military technology.In a recent article at Strategic Culture Alex Gorka states:Aside from interest in the fields of energy, there is also a market for Russia-made weapons exports.Time and time again we see the sanctions against Russia keep backfiring as Russia establishes its place among the superpowers. Now it seems like these sanctions have pushed Russia to partner up with other countries, giving power to these countries to resist US intimidation. Given that the Western Empire is failing, more and more countries are looking to stabilize themselves with the added protection of Russian Military Tech.Russian Yakovlev Yak-130s aren't the only attractive tech sought after by Latin American countries.And what self-respecting nation state in the market for defensive weapons wouldn't want Russian-made products after witnessing the spectacularly effective way in which Russia defended Syria from US-backed jihadists and ISIS forces and their head-chopping allies as they attempted to overthrow the Assad government. Russia has shown itself to be more than a match for US weaponry, with a tenth of the budget, and has operated impeccably in the international stage. Making Russia a very attractive business partner for our chaotic future.This new Russian military tech presents a ray of hope for any country that wishes to relieve itself from the toxic influence of the US empire.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
UFC heavyweight champion Stipe Miocic has called out Anthony Joshua for a spot on the Mayweather vs McGregor undercard.
An announcement was made on Wednesday night for the boxing legend to take on McGregor in Las Vegas on August 26.
It promises to be one of the biggest nights in boxing history and unsurprisingly everyone wants to be a part of it.
Joshua has previously spoken of his interest to be on the undercard and has been offered another cross-code showdown on the bill.
Miocic, the reigning UFC heavyweight champion , called the Brit out on Twitter.
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: Zuffa LLC)
Speaking on The MMA Hour recently, Miocic said: "If the fight happens, me against Joshua would be a great fight.
"I think I'd surprise a lot of people, I think it'd be an amazing fight ... let's do it! He's a great guy.
"He's tough, he's a champion for a reason. I think I'd give him a run for his money."
(Photo: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
IBF, WBA and WBO heavyweight champion Joshua crossed paths with Mayweather during his recent stay int he UK.
The Brit said: "Get me on the undercard! Why not? That's big. It's big. That's legendary shit. That fight will go down in history."
However, the August 26 is set to come far too soon for Joshua - who is yet to return to full camp following his win over Wladimir Klitschko.
The Ukrainian is set to trigger a rematch clause, with the bout more likely to take place in October.
By The Associated Press
CRANSTON, R.I. (AP) — A Vietnam War veteran has received medals in Rhode Island more than 40 years after his service.
Paul Harvey was awarded a Silver Star, a Purple Heart and other awards during a ceremony Friday in Democratic U.S. Sen. Jack Reed's office.
Harvey is a 71-year-old Jamestown resident. He was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1967 and served in Vietnam as a member of the Wolfhounds.
He says he earned the Silver Star for retrieving the body of a fallen soldier from an armed North Vietnamese camp. He earned the Purple Heart for being wounded twice while performing similar missions.
Harvey was honorably discharged in 1973 and worked as a commercial fisherman.
He was supposed to receive the medals before leaving Vietnam but didn't want to wait there for the ceremony.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Since Hurricane Maria, people in Puerto Rico have been without easy access to electricity, clean drinking water, or food. Many are still staying in shelters; some are living in the ruins of their homes. The once-lush green trees were stripped bare and uprooted.
But all is not lost.
There are two quintessential Puerto Rican sounds that survived:
One is the plaintive song of the tiny coqui frog.
The other is the improvised Afro-Puerto Rican call-and-response musical tradition known as Plena.
Last Sunday, a group of musicians gathered in Calle Loiza, a San Juan neighborhood known for African-inspired folklore. The annual Calle Loiza festival had been cancelled because of the hurricane, but they didn't let that stop them from parading through the streets, playing hand drums and singing plenas.
"It's very, very Puerto Rican," says Emanuel Santana, a singer with the bands Plena Libre and Viento de Agua. "Every time a Puerto Rican hears the drums called panderos, you can have them come down in tears in a time like this. Of course, there's no electricity to even hear music. You have no MP3s right now. So we're back to basics."
The musicians traveled down the sidewalk, stopping at the few bars that have managed to open and are operating on generators. Along the way, they attracted followers who sang along.
Leading the group was Hector Matos - known as "Tito" Matos - a Grammy nominee born in Santurce, and one of Puerto Rico's best known pleneros. He drums and sings plenas about the love he has for the island.
"Love Mother Earth, respect of nature, you know, environment," he says, with his three-year-old son at his side. "Trying to use the moment to also teach the young generation these hurricanes are coming faster, bigger and stronger than ever, and that's because of us."
Matos is a member of the New York band Los Pleneros de la 21 and founder of Viento de Agua. He's recorded and toured with well-known musicians Eddie Palmieri, David Sanchez and Ricky Martin. He also owns a restaurant in Calle Loiza called La Junta. The wooden building was demolished in the hurricane. After the storm, it was vandalized.
"I have to deal with the issues of the hurricane and also go back every day to try to salvage some stuff," he says. "But look at my face: we are happy. I mean, we are alive. All my family members are fine and well. And we can rebuild."
Even as Puerto Ricans continue to struggle to recover from the storm, Matos says he and his pleneros want to bring them a little joy with the music.
"We're all on standby," says Missy Adamus, a chef at La Junta. She says they are trying to rebuild the restaurant, their homes, their lives. But at least they still have their music.
"Music has brought back to life what was dead in Calle Loiza," she says.
Plenas are sometimes known as "singing newspapers," giving the latest updates on what people are feeling and the news of the day. The headline of this week's plenas was about the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
Winding through the neighborhood streets, they sing about resilience: "Our plena, our song, our music, is stronger - our community is stronger than Maria."
A man from Rolling Meadows is facing felony DUI charges in Arlington Heights. It is the sixteenth time he has been arrested and charged with driving under the influence.Christopher Clingingsmith, 52, has DUI convictions dating back to 1982. He has served at total of more than 15 years in prison for all the convictions, but was still allegedly intoxicated behind the wheel in March when police in Arlington Heights arrested him."We can count our blessings he hasn't injured or killed somebody, but it's almost inevitable that it could happen if he's not taken off the road," said Rita Kreslin of the Alliance Against Intoxicated Motorists.Kreslin has headed up the Schaumburg office of the AAIM ever since her son John was killed 15 years ago by a drunk driver. He was a passenger in a car that hit a tree at 65 miles per hour.The AAIM has been monitoring Clingingsmith for several years as he continued to rack up DUIs. The laws designed to keep drunk drivers off the road have gotten tougher in recent years, but Kreslin said drivers like Clingingsmith have found ways around them. Police said he was using a fake driver's license.Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White said the state has among the toughest DUI laws in the nation, and released a statement saying, "For this man to have 15 DUIs and continue driving illegally is an outrage. This story is an unfortunate example that there are some people who will totally disregard the law."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A solitary England fan did not let a bar full of Colombians stop his celebrations when England dramatically beat the South American side on penalties.
At a bar just 100m from the stadium in Moscow where last night's drama unfolded, dozens of Colombia fans bit their nails as the tense last-16 clash went to penalties.
The venue may have erupted in celebrations when the Colombians equalised through Barcelona defender Yerry Mina in added time.
But the atmosphere was lot more tense when, 30 minutes later, the tie went to penalties.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: PA)
When Eric Dier slotted his spot kick past Arsenal keeper David Ospina - to take the Three Lions through to a clash against Sweden - the lone England fan was ecstatic.
As a groan goes around the Moscow bar the one fan can be heard shouting at the top of his lungs.
He raises his drink before finally throwing the empty cup into the air and shaking his fists - England have finally won a World Cup penalty shoot out.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The unnamed man desperately looks around for someone to celebrate with as the dejected Colombians stream out of the bar.
England will play Sweden on Saturday afternoon for a place in the semi-final where Russia or Croatia await.
Just over two weeks after Oakman Inns was awarded the prestigious Princess Royal Training Award, their Human Resource programme received further recognition at the National Innovation in Training Awards (NITAs) at the Café de Paris in London.
The NITAs celebrate those who have demonstrated training excellence and innovation in the licensed retail sector.
Oakman Inns, which was started by entrepeneur Peter Borg-Neal in Tring, Herts, now has 20 contemporary Inns with letting rooms and ‘all-day' pubs across Beds, Bucks, Herts, Northamptonshire, Oxfordshire, Warwickshire and beyond.
And it is fast establishing itself as a leading operator in the industry having won the award for The Best Casual Dining Training Programme after passing a rigorous first stage entry process, followed by a final judging assessment by the British Innkeepers Institute (BII). The assessment included a demanding process of presentations and interviews in front of a panel of industry experts last month.
Oakman Inns' CEO, Mr Borg-Neal, said: “I am delighted for this recognition of the work Oakman has undertaken under the guidance and inspiration of our HR Director, Jill Scatchard and Learning and Development Manager, Laura Douglas. We have already felt the impact on staffing of the Brexit decision and the fall in the value of sterling, so we are all having to work much harder and very quickly to enthuse, recruit and train the people we need for tomorrow.”
Oakman Inns, which owns and operates 20 distinctive pubs, restaurants and inns, has developed its own bespoke Online Craft Academy to support their growing teams with knowledge and experience. Reflecting the ethos and personality of the company, Oakmanology was designed from scratch by CPL Online to mirror the company's existing HR programme and to support each Oakman employee's progression in their chosen career pathway. Learning activities are as visual as possible and after a compulsory ‘induction' stage, all the craft modules are available 24/7 to every individual regardless of their job role or personal career journey.
This inclusive, flexible approach means that everyone, whatever their role or passion, has access to a structured learning environment where they can find out about other roles and develop new, core skill-sets required for running a casual dining venue.
Jill Scatchard, Oakman Inns' HR Director, said: “Oakman has won many awards for our staff engagement; for the wide range of benefits we provide; and, most importantly, the career path we develop for our employees. Using the Oakmanology programme, the progress of each individual can be tracked in real time which is linked to an achievement-based incremental pay programme. We have seen more team members experiencing real personal growth and expressing a desire to progress within the company and make a career in hospitality.”
BII CEO, Mike Clist, commented: “The NITAs are a celebration of the most successful individuals and businesses in the licensed retail market today. Our finalists have shown that they value, support and champion their people by continuing to invest in and develop their training programmes. It's vital that we recognise, reward and share their successes so that we can encourage further innovation in our fantastic industry for years to come. The use of new technology and the holistic approach to the way they design their training programmes, has benefitted their businesses from the ground up and directly impacted on financial performances, growth and staff retention - we congratulate them all.”
The Oakman Collection comprises:
Berkshire:
Walter Arms, Sindlesham
Bedfordshire:
White Hart, Ampthill
Buckinghamshire:
Beech House, Beaconsfield
Dog & Badger, Medmenham
The Akeman Inn, Kingswood
Betsey Wynne, Swanbourne
Essex:
King's Head, Chipping Ongar
The Anchor, Hullbridge
Hertfordshire:
Kings Arms, Berkhamsted
Banyers House, Royston
Beech House, St Albans
The Red Lion, Water End
The Akeman, Tring
Northamptonshire:
The Navigation at Thrupp Wharf, Cosgrove
Oxfordshire:
The Crown & Thistle, Abingdon
The Old Post Office, Wallingford
Blue Boar, Witney
Warwickshire:
The Globe, Warwick
Four Alls, Welford on Avon
West Midlands:
Beech House, Solihull
OPENING FIRST HALF 2018:
Beech House, Amersham
Cherry Tree, Olney Milton Keynes
Royal Foresters, Ascot
Market Highlights:
Weatherproof camera can be used to detect motion and generate alarms and thereby, more effective monitoring can be achieved. It supports security surveillance at home or offices at challenging environments. Weatherproof surveillance cameras is used to capture excellent footage, similar to that of high-quality indoor surveillance camera. This camera is resistant to water and survive in all-weather condition.
The weatherproof camera market is expected to grow at approximately USD 9 Billion by 2023, at 7% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
The study indicates city infrastructure to boost the market of Weatherproof Camera Market Infrastructure development, growing urbanization and expansion of business across globe are few of the significant factors driving the growth of the market. The study indicates, government initiatives regarding safety of citizens from foreign attacks and strong border security implementation with water resistant camera is boosting the market growth. The study also indicates that enterprises are implementing safety measures for employees within and outside the work premise. That contributes to the growth of weatherproof camera market. High adoption of weatherproof cameras by photographers, security agencies, enterprises and government organization is boosting the weatherproof camera market.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3829
Major Key Players:
Vicon Motion Systems (U.K.)
Arlo Corporation (U.S.)
FLIR Systems (U.S.)
Honeywell International Inc. (U.S.)
Shenzhen Heshi Technologies Co.Ltd (China)
Nest Cam (U.S.)
Pelco Corporate (U.S.)
Amcrest Technologies (U.S.)
Zosi Technology Co. Ltd (Hongkong)
Frontpoint Security Solutions (U.S.)
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of weatherproof camera market is being studied for region such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. North America is one of the leading player in the weatherproof camera market owing to major camera manufacturers present in the region.
The emergence of HD analog products is engaging a new, lower-end market. Asia-Pacific region is expected to have the fastest growth in the market due to the growing number of weatherproof camera manufacturers and increasing infrastructure development.
Weatherproof Camera Market Segmentation:
The weatherproof camera market has been segmented on the basis of product, type and application. The range segmentation includes waterproof upto 100 feet.
Waterproof upto 100 feet camera comprised of GPS system, interactive world map and Wi-Fi connectivity, plus an altimeter and underwater depth instrument for measurement. It offers users with high resolution service and function down to a depth of 100 feet.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/weatherproof-camera-market-3829
Intended Audience:
Investors and consultants
System Integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology solution providers
IT Solution Providers
Original Equipment Manufacturers
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
In 2005, George E. Folau basked in the glory of a state football championship as a lineman for Euless Trinity High School.
He was an all-district offensive tackle that year, and he graduated from Trinity in 2006.
Monday afternoon, jury selection begins in Folau's murder trial in Criminal District Court No. 396. He also faces an aggravated robbery charge.
Folau is accused of fatally shooting Loan Nguyen, 35, of Hurst at the Sawgrass Apartments in Hurst in May 2016.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
George E. Folau, 29, of Euless Courtesy: Tarrant County Jail
Folau, 29, was arrested across the street from the Sawgrass complex, lying on the ground wounded at the Crooked Stick Apartments. He was taken to a Grapevine hospital where he recovered from gunshot wounds.
A resident of the Sawgrass complex told the Star-Telegram in May 2016 he was watching television when he heard three or four loud gunshots outside. The resident spoke on the condition that his name not be used for fear of retaliation. He went out onto his balcony and saw a man holding a rifle with a laser scope.
He recognized the man as a Sawgrass resident. He said he asked the man what had happened, and he responded, "Someone shot my girlfriend."
He said the gunman took a few steps, aimed and fired a few rounds toward the Crooked Stick complex.
Hurst police have said the shootings were not random, and that those involved knew each other.
Folau has been free since posting bail shortly after his arrest in May 2016.
The former Euless Trinity lineman has been described as being a debt collector for drug dealers in Tarrant County and associates with Tongan Crips and Puro Tango Blast, street and prison gangs, according to Tarrant County criminal court documents.
His criminal history began in September 2002 when he assaulted someone with his fists, the court documents state.
Just days before Nguyen's killing on May 10, 2016, Folau is accused of transporting and delivering drugs in Tarrant County, breaking into a residence and stealing items and threatening another person with a weapon, according to the court records.
Testimony is expected to begin Tuesday morning.
ROANOKE,Va. - Carnis Poindexter,known to many as Coach P., is a local tennis legend.
“I call the tennis players my boys because they were like sons to me,” said Poindexter.
Poindexter is best known for winning tennis tournaments, coaching students and helping send young African-American boys to college.
“He is somebody who made an impact on the city of Roanoke, education and sports (by) mentoring young men and woman throughout Roanoke city,” said Jordan Bell, a community worker.
“I'm a believer in giving people flowers while they are still here.”
He received his flowers today from the Star City, which named the tennis courts at River Edge South after him for his contribution to the community.
“I am really honored, especially for the number of people who have come out and honored me the way that they did, both black and white,” Poindexter said.
An emotional Poindexter was surrounded by family and friends at the dedication ceremony.
“What better way to honor him then to name these tennis courts after him? So I went to him. In a typical fashion, Carnis said, 'No not me. Let's name them after somebody else.' But we persisted,” said John Fishwick, an organizer and friend of Poindexter's.
Fishwick hopes the courts will be a tribute to Poindexter for generations to come.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Byron York describes the new standard for evaluating wild allegations against President Trump: Have they been disproved?:
When a political figure is accused of wrongdoing, a conversation begins among journalists, commentators, and public officials. Are the charges true? Can the accusers prove it? That's the way it normally works. But now, in the case of the Trump dossier – the allegations compiled by a former British spy hired by the Clinton campaign to gather dirt on presidential candidate Donald Trump – the generally accepted standard of justice has been turned on its head. Now, the question is: Can the accused prove the charges false? Increasingly, the president's critics argue that the dossier is legitimate because it has not been proven untrue.
Byron cites examples:
Not a single revelation in the Steele dossier has been refuted,” noted Sen. Dianne Feinstein, top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, in February. In late December, Laurence Tribe, the Harvard law professor, tweeted a message about the allegations against Trump to his followers: “Retweet if, like me, you're aware of nothing in the [Trump] dossier that has been shown to be false.” “The dossier has not been proven false,” said MSNBC anchor and former George W. Bush aide Nicolle Wallace in February. More recently, Chuck Todd, moderator of NBC's “Meet the Press,” asked former CIA Director John Brennan, “So far with this dossier, nothing yet has been proven untrue. How significant is that?” “As Jim Comey has said, I think very famously, these were salacious and unverified allegations,” Brennan responded. “Just because they were unverified does not mean they were not true.”
Comey has also said that “it's very difficult to prove something didn't happen.” John Brennan isn't very bright, but he understands this.
In addition, Comey has said that when Trump asked him to investigate the most salacious allegations in the dossier, he demurred. Indeed, the FBI has never attempted to disprove these allegations.
Moreover, according to the new book Russian Roulette by Michael Isikoff and David Corn, Michael Steele who wrote the dossier doesn't believe the alleged sex episode occurred. He said there's perhaps a 50-50 chance of it being true. And Glenn Simpson, head of the opposition research company that commissioned the dossier, reportedly considered the Russian source for the story a “big talker” who might have made the sex episode up to impress Steele.
Yet, Sen. Feinstein, Prof. Tribe, John Brennan, and assorted talking heads place on President Trump the burden of disproving salacious allegations not believed even by those who spread them. And they do so despite the fact that Trump asked the FBI to investigate the matter, but the FBI did not.
Most Americans still believe in fair play, including the proposition “innocent until proven guilty.” Increasingly, they perceive, I think, that President Trump isn't being treated fairly. Defying the odds once again, Trump may well be gaining public sympathy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alastair Cook has admitted the 'world has changed' for the England team when it comes to their off-field activities, but has hailed their hardworking ethos.
The former skipper should be celebrating his 150th Test cap this week amid a generous reflection on his incredible career, but instead he was the latest player fronting up to questions about culture and conduct.
The fallout from two visits to the same bar where there was a 'head-butt' greeting and a drink poured over James Anderson, were the sort of issues that he must have thought he had left behind when he gave up the captaincy earlier this year.
But as a senior statesman in the squad and a man for whom the entirety of English cricket has a huge amount of respect, his reaction to the circus that this Ashes tour has become was right on the money.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
“The world's obviously changed for the England cricket team in September,” said Cook. “And it's probably taken us a couple of months to really realise that.
“These last two incidents have probably proven that. I've seen the word trivial, a misdemeanour at best and a very low key thing but since obviously the Stokesy thing in September things have changed for the England cricket team.
“It's sad in one sense because, a bit different to football, we've always been able to go under the radar a bit and enjoy playing cricket for England and also enjoy seeing the country outside of that.
“At the moment that's changed but the one thing I will say about this England side, and it's even changed since I was captain, but I've never seen a side work this hard.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
“Trevor Bayliss is cancelling practice sessions after three and a half, four hours. He's saying ‘you've got to stop now, you're wasting energy, you've got to save it for the Test match.
“That's just people desperate to do well. So at the moment I don't think we're being painted fairly in the media on our culture but clearly there's been a couple of things that have been brought up and it's up to us to adjust to that quickly.
“We can't afford any more mistakes because we understand the stakeholders, the ECB, sponsors and stuff are trying to encourage kids to play cricket and that's what we want.”
Over the past 11 years the ECB couldn't have wished for a better role model than Cook, who has broken records, set high standards and carried himself immaculately on and off the field.
(Image: PA)
He has been tested time and again and come through the other side to score 31 Test hundreds and lead his team to two Ashes victories as well as away series wins against India and South Africa.
It hasn't always been rosy, such as during the Kevin Pietersen saga and when he was axed as one day captain on the eve of a World Cup, but English cricket has enjoyed huge swathes of success over the past decade and he's had plenty to do with it.
Clearly now closer to the end than the beginning, several pundits including KP are wondering whether this will be his last series, but the 32-year-old insisted he is not planning on walking away yet.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He added: “The people who are saying that have had no contact time with me, they wouldn't know the extra nets I've been doing behind closed doors. That's probably not a guy who's given in.
“It's obviously a very special moment in terms of a personal milestone. Not many people play 150 Test matches so to do that and do it at the top of the order, I'm quite proud of that.
“It is a very special thing to pull on that hat. It's a special thing to walk out and play for England, and that's why I love doing it.
Huge error on Sherlock as they show John Lock pre
Pit Bull attacks owner when she tries to make it
This is the message a mum put on a vodka bottle f
Man fighting for life after accident in Sutton Va
Cancer patient goes abroad for treatment after sh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the harrowing moment children screamed “daddy please stop” as their politician father allegedly beat his wife after she caught him cheating.
The disturbing audio has been released by police just weeks before Chris Corley is due in court in South Carolina on domestic violence charges.
The 36-year-old Republican – who once campaigned in favour of the Confederate flag – is said to have threatened to kill himself after hitting his wife.
On a recording of the call, his children and alleged victim can be heard screaming: "Please stop it. Just stop. Just stop. ... Dad, please stop
(Photo: Aiken County Sheriff's Office)
The tape continues: “Please stop. Stop. Please stop, Chris. Just stop daddy, just stop. Chris, please stop. Daddy. Please help. Please Chris. Chris."
Police said Corley hit his 37-year-old wife and pointed a handgun at the victim “causing her to fear for her life”.
His wife and children fled the scene and ran to a family friend's house across the road.
(Photo: Google Street View)
She said he only stopped the alleged attack when he heard his children screaming and noticed blood coming from her head, according to the report.
But Corley claimed his wife had attempted to hit him in the face and he pushed her away.
He also said that during the push, he was scratched on the forehead.
Corley is due in court on February 10 on charges of first-degree domestic violence as well as pointing and presenting weapons at a person.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
NASA is set to hold a special announcement on Thursday evening to discuss the latest findings of its planet-hunting Kepler space telescope.
The space agency hasn't let anything slip about what it's going to reveal - only that it has been working with Google to survey alien worlds.
"The discovery was made by researchers using machine learning from Google. Machine learning is an approach to artificial intelligence, and demonstrates new ways of analyzing Kepler data," it said in a brief press statement .
(Image: NASA/Ames Research Center/Wendy Stenzel)
Kepler has made many discoveries, including one in the summer of 10 Earth-like planets that could support alien life .
The space telescope has spent years combing the galaxies looking for evidence of extra-terrestrial life.
It hunts for planets by detecting the minuscule drop in a star's brightness that occurs when a planet crosses in front of it, called a transit.
So far, its has identified 4,034 planet candidates, 2,335 of which have been verified as exoplanets. Of those, 30 are similar in size to Earth and orbiting in their star's habitable zone.
(Image: NASA/JPL-Caltech)
When Kepler launched in March 2009, scientists didn't know how common planets were beyond our solar system. Thanks to Kepler's treasure trove of discoveries, astronomers now believe there may be at least one planet orbiting every star in the sky.
The hosts of Thursday's announcement will be a panel of experts including:
Paul Hertz, Astrophysics Division director at NASA Headquarters in Washington
Christopher Shallue, senior software engineer at Google AI in Mountain View, California
Andrew Vanderburg, astronomer and NASA Sagan Postdoctoral Fellow at The University of Texas, Austin
Jessie Dotson, Kepler project scientist at NASA's Ames Research Center in California's Silicon Valley
As usual, there will be a question-and-answer session following the main announcement.
Members of the public will be able to submit questions through Twitter by using the hashtag #askNASA.
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had she been born in an earlier era, she might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," she says. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
She hopes to give voice to those early generations of residents, in her book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout her life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume her physical disability means she also has an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped her accept her body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On her twin sister, who died shortly after birth
She lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of her presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that she is dead and is gone in a real way, she doesn't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how her physical disability and her poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Children of overweight parents are more likely to be stupid, clumsy and socially awkward, a new study has claimed.
New research suggests the offspring of fat mums and dads are also at a greater risk of being slow learners.
Researchers discovered a link between obese dads and their child's ability to relate and interact with others as well as a link between fat mums and poor motor function.
But for children born to two obese parents, their risk of developing with poor problem-solving skills increased dramatically.
(Photo: Getty)
The shocking links are revealed at a time when more than 67 per cent of men in the UK and 58 per cent of women is considered obese.
A team from the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) in the US analysed data from more than 5,000 women and their children in New York State.
Each was assessed when their child was four months old, and then another six times before they reached the age of three.
(Photo: PA)
The study, published in the Pediatrics journal, found that compared to mothers of a 'normal' weight, obese mum's gave birth to children who were 70 percent more likely to fail a motor skill test at the age of three.
Children of obese fathers were found to be 75 more likely to fail the test's personal-social domain, which determines how well they were able to relate to and interact with others by age three.
(Photo: Getty)
But for children born to two obese parents, their risk of failing problem-solving tests tripled compared to those parents of a normal weight.
Study co-author Dr Edwina Yeung said: "The previous US studies in this area have focused on the mothers' pre- and post-pregnancy weight.
(Photo: Rex)
"Our study is one of the few that also includes information about fathers, and our results suggest that dad's weight also has significant influence on child development."
The team admitted that they could not say what was causing the link between obese parents and developmental problems, but said animal studies showed that obesity during pregnancy may promote inflammation, which could affect the fetal brain
Other studies have also shows that the genes in the father's sperm could be effected by obesity.
LONDON: Corporate Research and Investigations Private Ltd. (CRI Group) announced that KPOGCL, a nascent oil and gas exploration and production corporation in Pakistan, has engaged its CRI Certification services to achieve the ISO 37001 Anti-Bribery Management System Standard certification.
London-based CRI Group is a global provider of Integrity Due Diligence, Employment Background Screening, Third-Party Risk Management and Compliance and Other Professional Investigative Research services. In 2016, the company launched its Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Centre of Excellence (ABAC® CoE) to offer CRI Certification and expert training in programs including 3PRM-Certified™ and 3PRM-Qualified™.
KPOGCL is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP), Pakistan, the provincial holding company established in 2013 to make KP self-sufficient by discovering indigenous resources in the province. Raziuddin Razi, CEO of KPOGCL, said that engaging in ISO 37001:2016 ABMS Certification helps the organisation provide “full confidence to its partners and shareholders, i.e., the government of KP, Pakistan.”
Razi said that KPOGCL “is in a relentless pursuit to bring the hidden treasures for the comfort of the masses and value for its shareholders. It has opened avenues of investment for international and national companies because it enjoys a great rapport with the business community as a competent and truthful entity.”
“KPOGCL's journey to the London Stock Exchange via the Karachi Stock Exchange and AIM shall need milestones, such as ISO 37001,” Razi said. “The investors and business partners can fully rely on our merit and excellence, and ISO 37001 shall certify these characteristics of ours.”
ISO 37001:2016 Certification
The newly established ISO 37001 standard is designed to help global organizations implement an anti-bribery management system. The standard specifies a series of measures required by the organization to prevent, detect and address bribery, and provides guidance relative to that implementation.
Zafar Anjum, Group Chief Executive Officer of CRI Group, said that ISO 37001:2016 certification is designed to help companies establish, implement, maintain and enhance their internal anti-bribery and anti-corruption systems.
“We look forward to working with KPOGCL and helping them achieve their goals and be recognized as among the highest level of ethical organisations,” Anjum said. “It is of critical importance that ISO 37001:2016 standards are recognized and practiced in more than 160 countries worldwide.”
CRI Certification's auditors and analysts develop measures that integrate with existing management processes and controls, and include:
Adopting an anti-bribery policy
Establishing buy-in and leadership from management
Training personnel in charge of overseeing compliance
Communicating the policy and program to all personnel and business associates
Providing bribery and corruption risk assessments
Conducting due diligence on projects, business associates, and other third-party affiliations
Implementing financial and commercial controls
Developing reporting and investigation procedures
“Bribery is a key issue in both local markets and global business activities,” Anjum said. “The desire to expand business operations and maximize commercial profits requires not only identification and management of operational risks but also identification and mitigation of bribery risks. As the world's governing bodies gravitate to more stringent standards and efforts to prevent corruption, bribery, and other unethical business practices, we stand ready to help companies meet and exceed those standards.” —PPI
loading...
“Lives Well Lived: Celebrating the Secrets, Wit and Wisdom of Age,” a film by Sky Bergman, will be shown at 1 p.m. Sunday, June 17, at the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts, 7380 E. Second St.
The filmmaker is to do a Skype Q-and-A following the screening.
Tickets are $15 and are available at the box office, 480-499-8587. For more information, go to www.scottsdaleperformingarts.org.
“Lives Well Lived” celebrates the incredible wit, wisdom and experiences of adults aged 75 to 100, according to a release.
Through their intimate memories and inspiring personal histories encompassing over 3,000 years of experience, 40 people share their secrets and insights to living a meaningful life, according to the release.
“These men and women open the vault on their journey into old age through family histories, personal triumph and tragedies, loves and losses – seeing the best and worst of humanity along the way. Their stories will make you laugh, perhaps cry, but mostly inspire you,” according to the release.
Free parking is available in the public parking garage to the west of Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts on Wells Fargo Avenue. Additional free parking is available at the Old Town Parking Corral at East Second Street and Brown Avenue and at the Civic Center Library parking garage located on Drinkwater Boulevard at East Second Street.
The Scottsdale Independent is published monthly and mailed to 75,000 homes and businesses in Scottsdale.
Ankara: Thousands of supporters from Turkey`s main opposition party took to the streets of Ankara on Thursday to protest the jailing of one of its MPs, vowing to march to his jail in Istanbul.
Former journalist turned Republican People`s Party (CHP) lawmaker Enis Berberoglu was sentenced to 25 years` jail on Wednesday for handing secret information to a newspaper.
A dozen lawmakers from the pro-Kurdish Peoples` Democratic Party (HDP) -- the third largest party in parliament -- have been arrested under the state of emergency that followed last year`s failed coup.
But this is the first time a deputy from the CHP -- the main secular opposition founded by Turkey`s first president Mustafa Kemal Ataturk -- has been held.
The CHP is the second largest party in parliament after the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP).
CHP leader Kemal Kilicdaroglu, who has been accused by critics in the past of not taking a sufficiently tough line against President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, joined the protest brandishing a sign saying "justice".
He vowed that he and his supporters would march all the way to Maltepe, on the outskirts of Istanbul, where Berberoglu is being held in jail.
"If there is a price to pay then I will be the first to pay it," said Kilicdaroglu.
"I am going to walk and I am going to walk all the way to Istanbul. And we will continue this March until there is justice in Turkey."
Istanbul is by road some 450 kilometres (280 miles) west of the capital.
Protesters chanted "shoulder to shoulder against fascism" while others held placards urging "justice for arrested MPs".
Hundreds also held a protest at Istanbul`s Macka Park on the European side of the city, chanting "we will win through resistance".
Kilicdaroglu and the CHP expressed solidarity with Erdoğan in the wake of the July 15, 2016 failed coup against his rule, even meeting the president at his palace.
But tensions have risen since the April 16, 2017 referendum on expanding Erdoğan`s powers which the president narrowly won but the opposition says was marred by violations.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A furious mum has slammed police for causing a crash which scarred her 11-year-old daughter.
Carla Benson and her two children were injured after cops used a 'stinger' device to stop a dangerous driver in Cheltenham.
The trap was laid across the road to bring oncoming driver Angela Parker to a halt, Gloucestershire Live reports.
But when drug user Parker, 40, drove over the device in a car she had taken without the owner's consent she crashed into Ms Benson's car - shunting it backwards into a police car parked alongside her.
Ms Benson's seat belt caused painful bruising to her stomach in the impact and her 11-year-old daughter suffered facial burns from the airbag exploding.
The youngster was so embarrassed by her appearance after the collision that she missed out on attending her school prom.
At Gloucester Crown Court, mum-of-three Parker was jailed for 16 months and banned from driving for five years after she admitted dangerous driving, aggravated vehicle taking, driving while disqualified, failing to stop for police, having no insurance and driving with cocaine in her system.
It was the latest in a series of driving offences committed by Parker, who had served a nine months jail term in 2015 for dangerous driving.
The court heard that the owner of the car she had taken, John Irving, had questioned why the stinger was used in the residential street - causing his VW Golf to suffer £5,500 damage.
His insurers have refused to compensate him because he had left a spare ignition key in the vehicle.
In a victim impact statement he said he was 'disappointed' at the use of the stinger as it had left him without his car and had injured "an innocent mother and her children, who were doing nothing more than going about their business".
His comments were echoed in court by defence solicitor Joe Maloney, who said: "I'm not sure if the way the stinger was deployed was sensible in all the circumstances - but that is a matter for the police."
(Image: SSPL/Science Museum)
Outside court after the hearing Ms Benson was more emphatic.
She said: "I don't think it was right of the police to use a stinger at that time because of the danger it caused to me and my kids and to other road users."
She also hit out at the length of the jail term passed on Parker, saying it was not long enough - especially as she had seen Parker "laughing and giggling" in the dock during the hearing.
"I know the sentence was close to the maximum the judge is allowed to pass - the maximum should be increased," she said.
"The penalties should definitely be tougher for this offence, especially when young children have been involved.
"The injuries were described in court as minor, which they may seem to others, but in fact they affected us all badly.
"I can't believe this woman, at the age of 40 and with children herself, could have driven like that. It could have been far worse.
"What will stop her behaving like this? A death? Will she have to kill someone before she stops?
"The only good thing is that she is now in prison but she will only be there for a few months."
She said her son, eight, is now scared to go out in the car and will not sit in the front.
Her 11-year-old daughter had missed out on one of the most special days of her life by not being able to go to her junior school Prom ahead of her move up to secondary school, she added.
In court, prosecutor Nick O'Brien said Mr Irving had left his car parked in Cheltenham for several days and discovered it had gone on July 16 last year.
He reported it to the police and the number plate was picked up by an automatic camera in Hester's Way the following day.
A patrol car was sent to the area and officers spotted Parker driving the car and put on their blue lights and sirens but she did not stop.
Mr O'Brien played the court six minutes of video footage of the five kilometre chase which followed through residential streets with Parker going the wrong way round roundabouts and jumping red lights.
Other motorists had to swerve to avoid her when she was on the wrong side of roads. The police car reached speeds up to 75mph to keep pace with her.
"The pursuit ended when the police placed a stinger in Hayden Road," he said.
"But the defendant collided with a Citroen car driven by Ms Bensom with her two children as passengers.
"They all three suffered minor injuries.
"The Citroen was turned sideways by the impact and collided with an unmarked police car on its nearside."
Mr O'Brien read a victim impact statement from Ms Benson in which she said: "This has caused my family a considerable amount of upset and distress.
"I had to take a week off work because of my injuries. There was bruising from the seat belt across my abdomen.
"They made it difficult to stand and perform day to day tasks.
"I couldn't wash my hair because of a cut to my head.
"I only passed my driving test on May 15, 2016 and was just starting to get confident in driving. My confidence has been knocked as a result of this.
"I had my two children with me in the car.
"My daughter suffered burning to the face from the airbag and it has caused marking and scarring.
"My daughter had her school prom to go to on July 20 and was looking forward to it.
"But due to the marking on her face she was very embarrassed and didn't want to go. She has also suffered nightmares about having her legs amputated.
"My son is frightened to get back in a car and will definitely not be a front seat passenger. He suffered bruising to the shoulder caused by his seat belt.
"I have had to borrow money from my family to buy a new car."
Mr O'Brien said Parker's criminal record included an 18 months ban for driving with excess alcohol in 1999, a 2009 appearance for failing to provide a breath sample, nine months jail in 2015 for dangerous driving, and an earlier offence of driving while disqualified last year.
(Image: PA)
Mr Maloney, for Parker, said her life had been in a "downward spiral" at the time of the latest offence and she had been actively trying to get help with her drug problem to "sort her life out".
Taking the car had been an opportunist offence but it had led to a terrifying incident, he said.
He added: "Through me she offers he apologize to Ms Benson for the harm she caused. She regrets her behaviour."
But Judge Michael Cullum said a probation pre-sentence report he had read described Parker as being "nonchalant" about what happened and showing "very little victim empathy".
Mr Maloney said she had now had time to think about it and her views had changed.
Passing sentence, Judge Cullum told Parker the time had come for her to decide whether to tackle her drug addiction and lead a useful life - or spend the rest of it in custody with deteriorating health.
"This was a horrendous piece of driving and I cannot get away from that," he said. "Your record is particularly bad for driving.
"You injured a mother and her two young children and you should feel badly about that. The impact on them was huge and they will never forget that incident. Of course, it was your fault."
A Gloucestershire police spokeswoman said the officer involved in the case is currently on holiday so she could not comment on the specific incident.
But she added: "When a stinger is used it is usually in exceptional circumstances and is generally a safe way to ensure a car is stopped.
"The safety of other road users is always taken into account when stingers are deployed and the aim is to ensure potentially dangerous criminals are stopped."
ADVERTISEMENT
2016 was rough.
America's grueling presidential campaign was full of anger, searing accusations, and fear. In its wake, our country's darkest differences have been brought to light. Many families and friends have been pitted against one another. We are exhausted. We are divided. We are perhaps even a little bit depressed.
So allow me to offer you some good news.
I'm here to tell you, downtrodden countrymen (and women), that there is a remedy for our particular affliction. It can be found in the flutter of a hummingbird's wings, or the determined eyes of a crouching snow leopard. It's in the gallop of a giraffe as it's pursued across the tundra, and the heroic leap of a penguin from razor-sharp cliffs. Mix in a cinematic score by Hans Zimmer and the soothing sounds of David Attenborough's voice, and the formula is complete. Lift your eyes to the TV screen, my weary friends. What we need now, perhaps more than ever, is a hefty dose of Planet Earth.
I'm a nature nerd and an awe junkie. Regular injections of natural beauty help keep me afloat in a world that would otherwise drag me down. I need brushes with wonder to maintain my sanity. I need that swelling in my chest and goosebumps down my spine, that tear-jerking act of kindness, or brilliant full moon, or stirring speech. Awe and wonder just make me feel good.
And I'm not alone. Scientists believe awe might actually be good for our physical health. In one groundbreaking study, researchers measured participants' levels of something called interleukin-6, a molecule known to promote inflammation in the body. Elevated levels of this stuff have been linked to chronic ailments like depression and autoimmune diseases. The theory is that the lower your levels of IL-6, the better your overall health. In the study, awe was "the strongest predictor" of lower levels of IL-6, the authors write, even stronger than regular brushes with other positive emotions like love and joy.
"We know positive emotions are important for well-being, but our findings suggest they're also good for our body," says positive psychology researcher Jennifer Stellar, the study's lead author.
So, how does this connect with Planet Earth? Well, nature is one of the biggest elicitors of awe and wonder. It's like a charging station for our emotional batteries. As naturalist John Muir once wrote, "Thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out that going to the mountains is going home. Wilderness is a necessity." Planet Earth, and especially Planet Earth II, which premieres in America at the end of this month, lets us bear witness to acts of nature we'd never see otherwise, and in ultra-high-definition. Take, for example, this incredible footage of a sloth as it swims in search of a mate:
Or this epic race between baby iguanas and hungry snakes (stick with it!):
Both scenes left me breathless, in utter amazement of the deep knowing of the natural world that surrounds me. Planet Earth is so good at evoking this feeling, Stellar told me her team actually used clips from the show to induce wonder in the lab. It works like a charm.
But there's another, more pertinent reason to add this show (or any other nature show, really — Brian Cox's Wonders of Life is pretty good, too) to your list: Awe makes us kinder to one another. Indeed, a series of recent studies has shown people who regularly experience awe are more compassionate to others. They're humbler, more giving, more helpful. They're just… objectively better humans. And the reason for all this excessive kindness gets to the heart of what I'm really trying to say: Awe makes us feel small. It diminishes our sense of "self" — all the little things in our personal bubble that we fret over. All the things we think are unique and ever so important. Awe reminds us that actually, none of that really matters.
"We regularly walk around in our daily lives thinking about what we need to do," says Paul Piff, an assistant professor of psychology at the University of California, Irvine. "We've gotta go to the grocery store or get to work. It's me, me, me. We're very self-focused. But awe seems to reduce that, shifting on a very basic perceptual level away from you toward something bigger than you. In so doing it kinda gets you to forget yourself and lose yourself."
Some researchers even believe awe, and the compassion it evokes, may have helped us survive through millions of years of evolution. "...Our mammalian and hominid evolution have crafted a species — us — with remarkable tendencies toward kindness, play, generosity, reverence and self-sacrifice, which are vital to the classic tasks of evolution — survival, gene replication, and smooth functioning groups," says Dacher Keltner, director of the Greater Good Science Center and a professor of psychology at Berkeley. In other words, getting along with others is key in group survival, and wonder might help with that.
"For me, awe makes me feel like whatever stuff I'm going through, for a moment, it actually feels smaller and less significant," Stellar told me. "I feel interconnected with other people in the world. Maybe it breathes new life into the feeling that we're all part of one Earth."
So, at a time when we're defining ourselves by our differences, political or otherwise, when we feel utterly divided and at odds with our fellow humans, maybe awe can be an antidote. A salve for our weary souls. A great equalizer. Maybe it can help us think less of ourselves, and find more compassion for one another going forward. I'd suggest getting regular infusions of pure wonder as often as possible. You can start here:
Eye To Eye sensation Taher Shah has been dropping hints regarding some “phenomenal” news for quite some time now. In fact, his management team recently took to Twitter to tease followers about an honour of some sort that Taher has received in the US.
About a month ago, they posted the following Tweet and we could barely believe it, “Dear All, The Phenomenal Honour News *ANGEL* Song Video Wins The Award In USA..Details Will Publish Soon. Stay tuned Managements Team.”
Dear All, The Phenomenal Honour News *ANGEL* Song Video Wins The Award In USA..Details Will Publish Soon. Stay tuned —
Managements Team. — Taher Shah (@TaherShahh) January 21, 2017
But now, the details of this honour are here. Apparently, Taher's song Angel has won an APEX Award 2017, which is a short film and music video festival held in the States.
Taher has released an entire video of himself receiving the award in the Iconic from the East category at the APEX Awards ceremony.
TAHER SHAH **ANGEL** SONG WINS APEX AWARD 2017, USA For More Details Visit:https://t.co/kkAJ4We7R6 With Respect,
Management's Team pic.twitter.com/Ea67HKN4io — Taher Shah (@TaherShahh) February 14, 2017
The entertainer also talked about his upcoming project, a Hollywood movie titled Eye to Eye in the same video.
The sixth Power to Become conference, which seeks to help students pursue their passions, will be held on Feb. 9 in the John W. Hart Building.
The conference's goal is to encourage “students, alumni and guests to discover their passion, tell their story and to network effectively,” according to the event's webpage on the BYU-Idaho website.
BYU-Idaho Alumni Director Steve Davis said the event is also meant to spread awareness among students of the university's resources for student success.
The conference features a roster of guest speakers made up mostly of BYU-I alumni, games and prizes and entertainment.
“The best way to describe Power to Become is … Ted Talks mixed with The Price is Right,” Davis said.
The conference will feature speakers such as Martin Havran, the 3D concept modeler for Walt Disney Imagineering, healthcare professional Beth Vanderwalker, New York Times Bestseller Greg McKeown and business professionals Ernie Lopez and Christopher Galbraith. Entertainment will be provided by Provo-based comedy theater ImprovBroadway.
“I want students to walk away thinking about their dream jobs and say, ‘I can do that,'” Davis said.
Davis said that of the students who attend BYU-I with the specific goal of finding employment immediately after graduation, 54 percent leave the university with a job offer. “We want to make that number go through the roof,” Davis said.
Throughout the conference, students are encouraged to post on social media with the hashtag #p2become. Between each talk, posts are judged, and the student who makes the “best” post gets to spend the next talk sitting in a massage chair.
Power to Become conferences are held every nine months so students on each of BYU-Idaho's three-semester tracks are able to attend. Davis said the event was first organized after an invitation from former BYU-I President Kim B. Clark to put successful alumni in front of BYU-I students.
According to the BYU-I website, the speakers will cover topics such as interviewing, successful networking and discovering passions in their talks.
Davis said all the speakers at Power to Become are volunteers, despite typically making over $20,000 for similar speeches in other venues.
Marketing and Events Coordinator Will Gierke said the speakers at the conference are generally recruited by the BYU-I Internships and Career Services Office, which organizes their accommodations and schedules for the duration of the event.
Gierke said guest speakers for the conference are contacted using tools such as LinkedIn. Then, they are chosen based on their professional backgrounds and personalities. Each speaker is then approved by the Church Board of Education.
Davis said that while the “old business summits” were heavily focused on students studying business, Power to Become is for students of every major.
“Power to Become is for any student who is at … any stage of their educational career,” Gierke said.
Gierke said the organizers of the event are aware of the previous focus on business, which is why Power to Become now features nurses, sculptors and writers as well as business professionals.
Tickets for the upcoming Power to Become event are currently on sale for $10 per person at booths around campus, or online at www.byui.edu/p2b. Gierke said the tickets sell out a day or two before every conference, and Davis recommended that students buy tickets early to ensure they have the opportunity to attend.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid have set their sights on Roma keeper Alisson in what could be a blow for Liverpool.
The Brazilian has been brilliant in the Serie A this season leading to justified interest across Europe, and Mundo Deportivo say it will be even tougher for Liverpool to land his services with Real in the hunt.
However, on Thursday Roma sporting director Monchi dismissed speculation linking Liverpool with a move for the 25-year-old.
Jordan Henderson insists Liverpool are ready for Spurs
Jordan Henderson insists Liverpool is up for the challenge of facing Tottenham.
Liverpool could be forgiven for being wary following Spurs' impressive win over Manchester United in midweek.
Mauricio Pochettino's side also inflicted a humiliating 4-1 loss on the Reds at Wembley in October in another demonstration of their attacking qualities.
Yet a bullish Henderson says Liverpool are full of confidence after their win at Huddersfield.
“Yeah, we've got a big game on Sunday against Spurs, who are a very good side,” said the Reds skipper.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: PA)
“They've got fantastic players and a fantastic squad of players.
“It will be a big test, but one I think we're ready for. We need to make sure we put in performances like we did at Huddersfield on a regular basis.
“We're really excited to see what we can do over these last few months of the season.”
RB Leipzig 'troll Liverpool for failing to sign Naby Keita' early
RB Leipzig have apparently aimed a cheeky dig at Liverpool for trying and failing to sign Naby Keita early.
The Guinean has already been signed by the Merseyside outfit, and will link up with his new team at the end of the season.
But after the Reds lost Philippe Coutinho to Barcelona, in a deal worth £142million, they looked into the possibility of signing Keita early.
RB Leipzig were against the idea, but appeared willing to part company with the midfielder early if Liverpool stumped up some extra cash.
(Image: AFP)
The Reds on the other hand, who have already parted with £50million to sign him in the first place, were obviously against this idea.
As the mooted deal to sign Keita failed to materialise, pressure was put on Klopp to find an adequate Coutinho replacement for now until the end of the season.
But speaking to the press ahead of Deadline Day, Klopp officially ruled out any such activity.
Full story here
Photos: AFP
If you've ever dreamed of owning a house in France, you'll soon have the chance to buy one for just one euro. There are a total of 18 for sale at this bargain basement price. But there's a catch. Actually there's a few.
First, you will have to commit to renovating the property, which will likely cost tens of thousands of euros. Then you have to promise to live in it for at least six years.
You'll also need to have a family that will live there with you, and you'll have to be a first time buyer.
Still interested? If so, you should know that the house you would get for this price is not going to be a desirable residence in a beauty spot in Dordogne or Provence.
It's in Roubaix, one of the poorest towns in France and one plagued by urban decay, drugs and unemployment.
Council chiefs in the town, which is situated near Lille close to the border with Belgian, have approved a plan to sell off eighteen properties - all currently derelict - from its social housing stock in 2018.
The scheme was inspired by a similar project that was successfully carried out in the city of Liverpool in the UK, and is part of a larger plan to deal with the 2,000 empty social housing units in the town.
READ ALSO:
France job opportunity: Manage a deserted island off Brittany coast
If you're still keen, one final criterion is that you would have to complete renovations within one year and would not be allowed to actually live in the house until council officials check that you have had the work done to a satisfactory standard.
If you are still interested you can click HERE for a link to the Town Hall's website and here are a few pics of Roubaix to whet your appetite.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mesut Ozil 's future remains up in the air but after months of focus on his team-mate Alexis Sanchez and his offers, the German is beginning to be linked with a move away.
Another spell with Jose Mourinho could be on the cards at Manchester United according to the latest rumours surrounding his future.
The Gunners have so far refused to match Ozil's reported £350,000-per-week wage demands and now the Red Devils may be tempted to prove a point once again by pinching one of their rivals' best players.
It would again reinforce the fact that Arsenal cannot hold on to their best stars, and that United represent a much more attractive option for the game's elite players, writes Alex Porter for the Manchester Evening News.
When Arsene Wenger signed the German international from Real Madrid back in 2013, his arrival was heralded as the start of a new era of high quality players challenging for the title.
To lose him for nothing is a kick in in the gut.
If the destination was Old Trafford, it would only be more painful.
But Ozil is not Robin van Persie. He will not transform the United side, or be the difference in a title bid.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty)
He is also not Alexis Sanchez, who is a City were willing to spend £60m on last summer.
The real attraction in Ozil would be the fee. Likely to be available on a cut price deal in January, he could arrive on a free transfer in the summer.
In a world of ever increasing prices, it would get the thumbs up from the bank manager.
But whatever the cost, Jose Mourinho would still need to find a place for him in the team, and United are well-stocked in that position.
Of greater need are a genuine right winger and a left-back.
Should Ozil arrive, it would likely necessitate the departure of another player - with Juan Mata the potential fall guy.
But after speculation that Mourinho's arrival at Old Trafford would herald the Spaniard's departure, Mata has become a key figure in this side and a regular starter.
Then there is Antoine Griezmann. Atletico Madrid's transfer ban, which ended the possibility of a move last summer, is lifted in January and the Frenchman's release clause reduces back to the original £92m - which United were willing to pay.
(Image: Arsenal FC)
Griezmann is currently one of Europe's best players, a tag which Ozil hasn't lived up to for some time.
This international break, debates have been posted about whether Arsenal are in fact better off without the former Schalke man.
Suggestions he has 'already left' Arsenal have emerged following sluggish displays.
For years, he has faced multiple accusations about going missing in the biggest games.
It was Mourinho who signed Ozil while at Real Madrid, and later described him as 'the best No 10 in the world'.
The pair's relationship deteriorated as Mourinho's time ran out in the Spanish capital, but the United manager could be the right man to restore Ozil's best qualities.
Under Mourinho, Ozil did take on more defensive duties and in 2011/12 he chalked up the most assists in La Liga as Real Madrid won the league.
He was in excellent form in 2015/16 and it is Arsenal's failure to invest that has sparked his decision to run down his contract.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But he will be 29 this month and the Gunners have looked better in the weeks he has been sidelined with injury. For many not part of the obsessive Arsenal fanbase, he is too lazy, unwilling to do the dirty work in the big games when Mourinho demands full commitment from his players.
A 'luxury player'.
United were burned badly by Angel Di Maria, and while Ozil is a different proposition, United's squad is currently well-stocked with playmakers who are willing to play Mourinho's way.
There are other areas that need more immediate attention - especially as United are expected to revive the Griezmann interest.
The club isn't short of money, and given the choice between Ozil and Griezmann, most supporters would not need to think too hard.
Over the past two summers, Mourinho has worked hard to build a squad in his image.
Whatever the price, Ozil does not currently fit the picture.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Caitlyn Jenner has revealed she won't have sex with another woman again after undergoing gender reassigment surgery earlier this year.
In her new memoir titled The Secrets of My Life, the 67-year-old says she underwent the surgery in January of this year.
Caitlyn, who was married to Kris Jenner for 22 years, also said she is now willing to have sex with a man.
"A future female companion? Yes, I do think about that. A future female sex companion? Not happening, at least for now, and perhaps not ever," she writes in an excerpt of her book obtained by Radar Online.
The former Olympian adds that while she was never inclined to sleep with a man before, she hasn't ruled it out now she's had the surgery.
(Photo: Splash News)
"Maybe removing the last physical appendage of my maleness…. will make me feel differently," she continues.
Addressing the surgery in the memoir, she says she's much happier now she has "all the right parts".
“I just want to have all the right parts. I am also tired of tucking the damn thing in all the time," Caitlyn writes.
“The surgery was a success, and I feel not only wonderful, but liberated.”
She adds: “I am going to have an enthusiasm for life that I have not had in 39 years since the Olympics, almost two thirds of my life.”
(Photo: Rex Features)
Caitlyn says she finally decided to address it because so many people kept pressing her about it.
"You want to know, so now you know. Which is why this is the first time, and the last time, I will ever speak of it.”
While speaking about why she chose to eventually have the surgery, she writes: “So why even consider it? Because it's just a penis. It has no special gifts or use for me other than what I have said before, the ability to take a whiz in the woods.”
Caitlyn has also given another tell-all interview to Diane Sawyer - almost two years after she first spoke about being transgender.
In a teaser released from the upcoming interview, Caitlyn is asked if she ever had any doubts about whether she did the right thing.
(Photo: E! Online)
"Have I made mistakes? Certainly," she says in the promo clip.
She will also discuss whether she has any regrets from her journey.
Jenner's family have struggled during the transition, with their lives affected by the huge change.
And in a recent episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Caitlyn admitted she felt abandoned by her family after revealing her news.
(Photo: E! Online)
"Day after day, month after month, nobody calls, nobody checks in. Just, 'Hey how are you doing'," she says.
"You can't help but sit there and think, is it because I transitioned?
"They don't like me anymore? I want to know what I did wrong, what I didn't do wrong, what I did right, and move forward."
Newcastle United take on Blackburn Rovers in the first game of 2017 and the Magpies will be looking to start the new year with a bit of revenge against one of the few sides to beat them this season.
Rovers came to Tyneside in November and left with all three points, spoiling the party for United and Rafa Benitez , where the chance to win a ten consecutive game was on the cards.
Dwight Gayle will be looking to continue his great form and knows that one more goal will see he become the first Toon player to net 20 goals in a season since Alan Shearer in 2003-04.
We have live updates courtesy of the Chronicle right here.
It's Match One Monday! We ask 1st graders questions, then ask you the same ones! If you can match one of their answers, you win $100! We do this every week and it's as easy as calling in! Listen here!
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
NEW YORK (AP) — The average time of a nine-inning game in the major leagues increased 5 minutes to 3:05 during the first two weeks of the season.
The figure, calculated by Major League Baseball on Monday, included 171 nine-inning games and was matched to a comparable period at the start of last year.
Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred proposed speedup initiatives, such as a pitch clock and limits on trips to the pitcher's mound, but the players' association did not agree to them. Management kept its proposals alive and can unilaterally change those rules for the 2018 season.
Last year's average for nine-inning games ended at exactly 3 hours, a 4-minute increase over 2015.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Imogen Thomas has reportedly split from her boyfriend Adam Horsley.
The reality TV star and Adam share two daughters together, five-year-old Ariana and two-year-old Siera.
Imogen, 35, and Adam started dating in 2011 and welcomed their first daughter in February 2013. They had Siera in November 2015.
Without directly confirming the pair's split, Imogen posted a cryptic message on Instagram on Tuesday hinting at heartbreak.
The quote read: "Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the one person who you thought would never hurt you."
She left it captionless, but some of her 253,000 followers soon flooded the comments with messages of support.
"What's your fella done," one wrote, while a second told her to "stay strong".
"Never believe that someone won't hurt u then you're not too disappointed when they do. Hugs," a third wrote.
(Image: PA)
(Image: FameFlynet)
(Image: WENN)
Last year Imogen opened up about the pair's relationship, admitting having kids put a strain on their romance.
"Once you have two babies it's a really hard struggle to keep things exciting and keep things going.
"We are working on things. We are going to have more date nights," she told Mail Online.
"All you talk about is the kids in the end. I think if you work at it you will get better."
Mirror Online has contacted a representative for Imogen for comment.
Jaipur: Amid reports that his outfit had withdrawn its ongoing protests against director Sanjay Leela Bhansali's controversial film 'Padmaavat', Shree Rajput Karni Sena chief Lokendra Singh Kalvi on Saturday said that his organisation will continue to protest against period drama.
Kalvi also categorically dismissed reports that his outfit has withdrawn protests against 'Padmaavat', saying it is a "fake news" circulated by a "fake Karni Sena".
The national president of Shree Rajput Karni Sena also warned that the ruling BJP will suffer heavily for not conceding to their demands to ban the release of the controversial film.
Kalvi said that his group has made the BJP pay - via its loss in the Rajasthan bypolls - for not respecting the sentiments of the protesting Rajputs.
He also ridiculed that there are many 'fake' Karni Senas active in the country claiming to be fighting for the rights of Hindus and Rajputs.
"There are many fake Karni Senas emerging in India. At present there are eight such entities operating in the country with vested interests," Kalvi was quoted as saying by IANS.
The Rajput leader, whose outfit has been spearheading the protests against Bhansali's "Padmaavat", said there has been a "duplicacy" in matters pertaining to Karni Sena's functioning.
Kalvi stated that there was "only one Rajput Karni Sena operating in the country'' and he is the founder of that organisation.
He also cautioned people to "beware of such similarly named organisations functioning and operating in the market".
"We started the initial protests against the release of the film, which we still continue to do," he said.
"However, the other duplicate Karni Senas are creating a dubious situation by releasing contradictory and fake news," Kalvi added.
Speaking on the BJP's loss in the Rajasthan bypolls, the Rajput leader said, "Around 17 organisations have joined hands and declared that they will make sure that BJP loses elections on each and every seat."
"And we proved what we said. Congress won with a big margin while BJP was a loser on its home turf," he added.
"I have met 21 Chief Ministers and am I looking forward to meeting PM Narendra Modi soon. I have got the call from PMO asking about my schedule and have given them my schedule.''
"Will see when can I meet him and apprise him on the present situation," Kalvi added.
The Rajput leader also strongly denied having any political aspirations. "None of us have any dream of floating a political party," he said.
"We have hit hard on notes as well as votes. Bhansali was expected to get Rs 500 crore return, however, we scuttled his dreams and cut the profit margin to Rs 150 crore,'' Kalvi added.
The Shree Rajput Karni Sena has been protesting the Deepika Padukone starrer since its inception, claiming the film distorts history and portrays Rajput Queen Padmini in a bad light.
The clarification from Kalvi came hours after it emerged that the Rajput Karni Sena had decided to end the protests against Bhansali's "Padmaavat", stating that the film "glorifies the valour of the Rajputs".
Shree Rashtriya Rajput Karni Sena's Mumbai leader, Yogendra Singh Kartar had announced yesterday that a few senior members of the outfit watched the film on the directions of the organisation's national President Sukhdev Singh Gogamadi and found that the "film glorifies" the valour and sacrifice of Rajputs.
Kartar said that they found nothing objectionable in the film and that "every Rajput would feel proud" after watching it.
A letter written by the Mumbai-based outfit was also widely shared on the social media announcing its decision to end protest against Padmaavat.
The Supreme Court last month lifted the ban on the movie imposed by several states and directed them to ensure its release.
The film, which was initially scheduled to hit the screens on December 1, 2017, was finally released in theatres across India on January 25 amidst tight security and protest from various groups, including Karni Sena.
However, some cinema hall owners decided not to screen the film in the wake o protests being carried allegedly by Karni Sena members in Gujarat and Haryana.
Since its release, maverick filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali's magnum opus 'Padmaavat' has been doing an incredible business at the Box Office and has been declared a runaway hit.
Not only is the film doing incredible business in the country, but also internationally 'Padmaavat' has got a big thumbs up from the audience.
The film faced protests by fringe groups claiming that the filmmaker has distorted historical facts in the film.
However, Bhansali time and again mentioned that none of these claims is true.
It stars Deepika Padukone in the titular role of Rani Padmavati while Shahid Kapoor plays her on-screen husband Maharawal Ratan Singh.
Ranveer Singh plays Alauddin Khilji in the period drama respectively.
(With Agency inputs)
Celebrating the finding of Jesus's tomb that housed no bloodied body is understandable, but the tomb wasn't actually as empty as it appeared. The cave that sheltered the body of God in the flesh, was full of the abstract properties of love, forgiveness, grace and hope. Following this holy example of accepting death as a stepping stone to life can help us bust through obstacles that seem as immovable as the stone the soldiers placed at the tomb entrance to prevent Christ's followers from moving His body.
They didn't count on life rejuvenating from within the rock walls of the cave. They didn't know about the power of light conquering the darkness and most definitely didn't comprehend that God's power which created life, also was able to resuscitate the dead.
Sometimes the boulder I am trying to move doesn't budge and I am tempted to round up a jackhammer, but when I have done this in the past, I usually end up moving only my guts which are vibrating at top speed. When I stop fighting the inevitable change, the transfiguration that is stirring beneath the circumstance, the stone just rolls away with a nudge.
The secret to this, I have found, is finding acceptance within what often looks like an empty slot in my schedule, or an empty room in my house, or even a general feeling of emptiness, of not being complete somehow. Once I accept the feeling or factors beyond my control, the stone of doubt tumbles off revealing a path I hadn't even noticed lie beneath the brush—revealing a peace and joy I hadn't expected, but very much appreciate.
On a recent hike, butterflies entertained me as they fluttered about the trail, but it wasn't until my walk was over that I heard their message. A gorgeous, yellow butterfly lying dead in the parking lot seemed to speak to me and reminded me that it's only through death, of a concept or a lifestyle, that we expand our lungs enough to permit a breath of fresh air to enter.
Accepting death in life will create room for new, more glorious experiences than would be possible without the rebirth that lurks at the entrance of every catacomb. What may at first appear to be emptiness, therefore may simply be the space for the grace of new beginnings
No need to buy a jackhammer, this grace is free.
http://mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Marcum-Zirkle-Michelle-3.jpg
Find your tomb full of grace
By Michele Savaunah Zirkle Marcum Contributing columnist
Michele Zirkle Marcum is a native of Meigs County, author of “Rain No Evil” and host of Life Speaks on AIR radio. Access more at soundcloud.com\lifespeaks.
Michele Zirkle Marcum is a native of Meigs County, author of “Rain No Evil” and host of Life Speaks on AIR radio. Access more at soundcloud.com\lifespeaks.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump failed to placate his critics on his visit to storm-ravaged Puerto Rico so his attempt at a Spanish accent won't win him any supporters.
The President appeared to mock the accent as he discussed the island's
In an exaggerated Spanish accent, Trump said: "We are also praying for the people of Puerto Rico. We love Puerto Rico.
"We also love Puerto Rico . And we are martialing every federal resource at our disposal. Earlier this week, I traveled to Puerto Rico to oversee federal response to the two devastating hurricanes.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"Remember, it was two. It was one and then it was another and that second one was brutal. They struck that great and beautiful island.
"And we now have more than 15,000 federal personnel on the island - 15,000. We will not rest until that job is done.
"Puerto Rico has a long road of recovery ahead, a very long road but we know that its people are proud and they are resilient and they will come back strong."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Earlier this week, praised his administration's response to Hurricane Maria's devastation amid accusations that his government was far too slow to address the crisis.
Trump met with survivors and island officials, including San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz, who has repeatedly blasted him for what she said was insufficient concern about the US territory's plight.
Trump and first lady Melania visited a disaster relief distribution centre at Calvary Chapel outside San Juan, where he was filmed throwing paper towels into the crowd.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Trump visited the island to reassure its struggling residents that he is committed to their recovery.
Two weeks after it was hit by the worst hurricane in 90 years, many of Puerto Rico's 3.4 million residents are still struggling without basic necessities.
The storm wiped out the island's power grid, and less than half of its residents have running water.
It is still difficult to get a mobile phone signal or find fuel for generators and cars. About 88 percent of mobile phone sites are still out of service.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Trump, who has grappled with hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria in the past six weeks, said at a briefing that the disasters were straining the US budget.
"I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack because we've spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico," he said. "And that's fine. We've saved a lot of lives."
Trump said the federal response to Maria compared favourably with a "real catastrophe like Katrina," the 2005 storm that swamped Louisiana and Mississippi and killed more than 1,800.
"What's happened in terms of recovery, in terms of saving lives - 16 lives that's a lot - but if you compare that to the thousands of people who died in other hurricanes that frankly were not nearly as severe," he said.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Shortly after Trump left Puerto Rico, Governor Ricardo Rosello said the death toll had risen from 16 to 34.
On Air Force One on his return flight to Washington, Trump said it had been a "great day" and he had heard no criticism during his day in Puerto Rico.
"We've only heard 'thank yous' from the people of Puerto Rico," he said. "It is something I enjoyed very much today."
He said local truck drivers are still needed to help distribute supplies.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Days before his visit, Trump lashed out at Mayor Cruz on Twitter, accusing her of "poor leadership" and saying that some people on the island "want everything to be done for them."
Trump shook hands with Cruz but he saved his warm words of praise for other local and federal authorities.
"Right from the beginning, this governor did not play politics," he said of Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
On CNN, Cruz said she told Trump, "This is about saving lives; it's not about politics."
Trump took a helicopter tour of the destruction, seeing hills that are normally lush and green, brown and bare after Maria's winds stripped the branches.
He also saw from the air the USNS Comfort, the just-arrived hospital ship.
Valentine Navarro, 26, a salesman in San Juan, shrugged off Trump's trip as a public relations exercise.
"I think he's coming here because of pressure, as a photo-op, but I don't think he's going to help more than he has already done – and that's not much," Navarro said.
Say hello to the Vancouver Airport's new assistance pups
What's better than a golden retriever puppy?
The Vancouver International Airport has three brand-new golden retriever puppies ready to be trained in partnership with Pacific Assistance Dog Society.
“We support programs and organizations that focus on advancements in inclusivity, universal access and access to opportunity,” said YVR community relations manager Kim Halowski. “That's why we are proud to support Pacific Assistance Dogs Society and the work they do to remove barriers and give persons living with disabilities independence.”
But first, the trio needs to be named. There are one female and two males, and YVR wants your help.
Tweet your best YVR-themed puppy names using #YVRPADSPUPS and the airport will put the best names to a vote next week.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal fans are begging Alexis Sanchez to stay at the club after he posted a cryptic message to his Instagram followers.
The Chilean has been linked with a move away from the Emirates for a while, and many believe he will be on his way when the transfer window opens next month.
The 28-year-old has stalled on signing an extension on his Gunners contract, which is set to expire next summer, and he is not short of admirers.
Manchester City and Chelsea are reportedly keen on the forward, while Bayern Munich have also shown interest, much to the dismay of Arsenal fans.
So far Sanchez has kept his cards close to his chest, but he recently posted a cryptic message to Instagram, and it seems Gunners fans are unsure how to take it.
The post, which featured a picture of the Chilean dressed up as an old man, accompanied some rather ambiguous text.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
"I'm already 80 years old," wrote Sanchez. "And you know why there's always a smile on my face? Because life taught me that you always have to look for the good side to things and remember that everything goes on something.
"Keep your smile always, even if your heart cries."
(Photo: REUTERS)
A number of Sanchez's followers have responded to the post, with rival fans instructing him to leave the Emirates and join their club.
But many Gunners supporters have also had their say, with a huge number begging him to stay in north London, at least for one more season.
(Photo: REUTERS)
"Sanchez, every single Arsenal fan loves you. Over 1,000,0000 people cheer for you when your name is on the team sheet, wrote one, adding: "We all sing for you, surely that means more than following the money?"
Another said: "Do not leave Gunners please, be a red London legend," while a third simply concluded: "Please stay at Arsenal."
A search for a missing man, who fled from police more than a month ago after a high-speed car chase on South Australia's Eyre Peninsula, has continued.
About 50 local police, mounted officers and volunteers scoured an area of remote scrub west of Whyalla on Thursday in the hunt for Scott Redman.
Police believe the 19-year-old was in a car that was involved in a pursuit on the Eyre Highway near Kimba on April 21.
The pursuit was terminated due to safety concerns, with the black station wagon found on a dirt road 40km east of Kimba four days later.
Inspector Mark Hubbard said the terrain was challenging, with heavy bush in some patches, but police were preparing to cover up to 10 square kilometres.
"We have carefully searched a couple of key areas again, such as where the car was found and expanded out from there," he said.
Police believe Mr Redman told friends and family he intended to travel to Western Australia but there's no clear information on his location and fears are growing for his wellbeing.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steven Gerrard will pull on the Liverpool shirt again at Anfield next month.
But any Reds fans hoping for a first-team return will be disappointed, with the Kop legend set to play in a special Legends match.
Gerrard has returned to the club as an Academy coach after hanging up his boots back in November.
He will line up alongside a host of star names against Real Madrid on March 25, in what will be his first match back at Anfield.
Robbie Fowler will captain the team, with Ian Rush acting as player-manager.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Liverpool FC/Getty Images)
(Photo: Liverpool FC/Getty Images)
Gerrard said: “I'm really looking forward to playing in the LFC Foundation legends charity match.
"Anfield will always hold a special place in my heart. It's a real honour to be sharing the pitch with such a great team of legends whilst raising money for the club's official charity.”
(Photo: Angel Martinez)
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
The likes of Jamie Carragher, John Arne Riise, Luis Garcia and Daniel Agger will also play in the match.
All proceeds from the match will go to the LFC Foundation - the club's official charity.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Airline passengers get a “rough deal” from budget carriers pumping up prices for add-on extras, a campaigning MP will warn next week.
Labour backbencher Darren Jones, a former consumer rights lawyer, plans to use a parliamentary debate to “name and shame” an airline he feels ripped him off.
He hit out at top-up costs for seat booking fees, boarding pass charges and baggage charges following the Ryanair debacle which saw the company cancel thousands of flights, and the collapse of no-frills firm Monarch.
Speaking ahead of Tuesday's 90-minute debate, Bristol North West MP Mr Jones told the Mirror: “With the continued squeezing of standard ticket pricing, airlines have chosen to make their money in other ways.
(Image: Bristol Post/SWNS)
“Charges for printing boarding passes, charges for seat reservations, charges for additional baggage - for any of us using low-cost airlines in the past few years, this has become a common experience.
“Airlines are entitled to do this.
“But I have significant concerns that some are doing it without following the spirit and letter of consumer law, resulting in consumer detriment and - in my view - a legitimate case for customer refunds following costly additional charges slapped on passengers when they have little choice but to pay.
“That has to stop.”
He believes many price comparison websites offer deals only on standard ticket prices - meaning consumers get a raw deal in securing the best prices for their flights.
(Image: AFP)
Fees to book seats, print boarding passes and to store cases in the hold often add up to more than the standard ticket price, he warned.
The low-cost airline industry has suffered a double whammy of major blows in recent weeks with Ryanair cancelling 20,100 flights over the autumn and winter, affecting more than 700,000 passengers, after it “messed up” its pilots' rotas.
Last week, about 860,000 people lost bookings when Monarch folded.
Mr Jones called on Mirror readers to send him their stories of additional charges they have been forced to pay by airlines.
(Image: Getty)
He urged readers to complete a survey on his Facebook page or via Twitter .
The MP also pressed for consumer rights and protections to be guaranteed after Brexit .
“European Law underpins our modern consumer rights framework in the UK, but the enforcement of those rights has been, in some sectors, lacking,” he said.
“In my previous role as a consumer rights lawyer I attended meetings with the European Commission in Brussels where this view was shared by stakeholders right across Europe.
“This lack of enforcement has resulted in consumers being stung by some businesses without the ability to enforce their rights. One area where I believe this to be the case is the airline industry.”
The fabricated videos that we've been seeing in Khan Sheikhoun when the rescuers try to rescue the victims — or the supposedly dead people or inflicted people — but actually, they weren't wearing any masks, or any gloves. How? Where is the sarin? They should be effected right away.
No gloves, no masks, no sarin: That's usually how it works — unless you want to be a brave but very dead first responderSyrian President Bashar Assad made an extremely rude and wonderful observation on Thursday during an interview that was heavily edited by responsible western news outlets.We've written about this oddity before , but it's definitely worth repeating: The White Helmets are extremely brave for diving headfirst into a sarin swamp without even basic protective gear such as "gloves".Yes, their fearlessness while surrounded by sarin has been well-documented by the likes of AFP:Or maybe something isn't quite adding up?As usual, AntiWar.com's Justin Raimondo has distinguished himself with his "basic critical thinking skills" — quite rare for Twitter, as we're sure you are well aware:Speaking at the Security Council meeting on Wednesday, Russia's deputy UN ambassador Vladimir Safronkov said that the US-drafted resolution blaming Assad for Tuesday's "gas attack" in Idlib province was based on "", an organization that has been " discredited long ago ".He's right. And so is Assad.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho was furious with the Manchester City squad because they played their music too loud.
The Manchester United boss was involved in a dressing-room clash with City stopper Ederson after his side fell to a derby defeat.
And the showdown was sparked by City blaring out post-match tunes in celebration.
When he approached the dressing room, Mourinho was confronted by the City No.1 and an argument ensued.
The pair shouted at each other in Portuguese before the situation was calmed.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: AFP)
The Old Trafford corridor leading to the dressing rooms became very congested as players and staff made their way through it after the game, and tensions spilled over into pushing and shoving.
City coach Mikel Arteta suffered a cut to the head in the fracas while milk and water were thrown at Mourinho.
The visitors won 2-1 thanks to Nicolas Otamendi's winner after Marcus Rashford cancelled out David Silva's opener.
Mourinho conceded afterwards that City's advantage in the title race was now at a "significant distance".
(Image: AFP)
Asked if it could be clawed back, he said: "I don't know. We are going to work and fight for it. That is the only thing I say."
Mourinho complained about the late penalty decision, which saw United's Ander Herrera booked for diving after a challenge by Otamendi.
"It is a huge penalty in a crucial moment of the game," said Mourinho, who also bemoaned his side's luck.
City boss Pep Guardiola had no time for Mourinho's complaints.
"We won because we were better, in all departments," Guardiola said.
New Delhi: Looks like megastar Amitabh Bachchan is spending a lot of his time churning out photographs from his film shoots.
The veteran star recently shared a throwback picture of himself with Sridevi from the sets of film 'Inquilaab' with the caption, "With Sridevi in a ... swimming pool sequence for film INQUILAB."
In the photo, Big B is seen dressed in an outfit that appears like a swimsuit whereas Sridevi is seen in a bathrobe. He is also seen wearing a very unusual style of footwear, something close to a sandal. Nonetheless, the actor's post has been liked over two lakh times by his followers till now.
Meanwhile, directed by Rama Rao Tatineni, Inquilaab was released in 1984. The film was a remake of Kannada film 'Chakravyuha'.
Recently, Amitabh's Twitter followers reduced to 32.9 million from 33 million, making Shah Rukh Khan the most followed Indian celebrity on Twitter.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has penned an open letter begging EU migrants to stay in the UK after Brexit .
Writing on Facebook, the Prime Minister said she knows the country would be "poorer" if the three million EU citizens left.
Mrs May has long faced criticism over her unwillingness to guarantee the rights of EU citizens until a later stage in the negotiations.
Many accused her of using the rights of settled migrants from Europe as "bargaining chips."
But today she wrote: "I greatly value the depth of the contributions you make - enriching every part of our economy, our society, our culture and our national life. I know our country would be poorer if you left and I want you to stay."
And she said that the deal she agreed with Brussels counterparts on Friday would enshrine the rights of EU citizens in British law.
"When we leave the European Union, you will have your rights written into UK law," she wrote. "This will be done through the Withdrawal Agreement and Implementation Bill which we will bring forward after we have completed negotiations on the Withdrawal Agreement itself."
(Image: REUTERS)
She admitted that "where appropriate", British courts would pay "due regard" to the decisions of the European Court of Justice (ECJ) - and that for eight years our courts could ask the ECJ for interpretation when British law is unclear.
Migrants who have been in the country for five years will be eligible for "settled status", and close family members - including "existing spouses, unmarried partners, children, dependent parents and grandparents, as well as children born or adopted outside of the UK" - will be able to join them in the UK.
And pensions, healthcare and other benefits will remain the same as they are today.
(Image: Theresa May / Twitter)
The letter concluded: "I have spent many hours discussing these issues with all of the other 27 EU leaders over the last eighteen months as well as with President Juncker, President Tusk and the EU's Chief Negotiator Michel Barnier.
"I am confident that when the European Council meets later this week it will agree to proceed on this basis. And I will do everything I can to ensure that we do.
"So right now, you do not have to do anything at all. You can look forward, safe in the knowledge that there is now a detailed agreement on the table in which the UK and the EU have set out how we intend to preserve your rights – as well as the rights of UK nationals living in EU countries. For we have ensured that these negotiations put people first. That is what I promised to do and that is what I will continue to do at every stage of this process.
"I wish you and all your families a great Christmas and a very happy New Year."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When you tune into ITV tonight night for Take Me Out , you might just see a familiar face.
That's because Cheltenham's very own Tanya Pyrka will be starring in the popular Saturday night dating show opposite Paddy McGuiness.
Cheltenham girl Tanya will light up our TV screens, but will she keep her light on for one of Paddy's single lads?
Did matchmaker master Paddy find Tanya the man of her dreams?
Tanya said: "Sorry to be a tease but that's a secret, you'll just have to watch tomorrow night to find out!"
But the 25-year-old former business consultant did reveal what it's really like to star on the hit TV show and meet the master matchmaker himself, Paddy McGuiness.
Tanya, who has been single for nine months, joined the line-up of Paddy's 'Flirty Thirty' ladies for the show's tenth series with her mind set on finding 'The One'.
So what does 'The One' look like to Tanya? What would it take for her to leave her lights on?
She said: "Definitely dapper. He has to look after himself, take pride in his appearance and have a good sense of style.
"My background is in fashion and I like a man to look smart and be confident in the way he dresses."
After graduating from Swansea University with a degree in fashion design, the 25-year-old carved out a career in the ruthless business world as a marketing consultant before launching her very own clothing line, Luna Fauna, last year.
She said: "To keep my light on he'd have to come across as ambitious. I have my own business and I'm very driven and serious about my work. The perfect man needs to be just as ambitious and driven as me.
"He's got to have his own place. He can't be living at home with his mum and dad."
So "no likey, no lighty" for mummy's boys then?
"Absolutely not. He has to be his own man with his own place and plenty of direction. But he also has to be a bit cheeky!", she said.
And what was Take Me Out host Paddy really like?
Tanya said: "Paddy is such a nice guy, he's really friendly and always put the girls at ease whenever we felt nervous. We were in front of a live crowd and most of us had never had any experience of being inside a TV studio before.
"But Paddy is exactly like what you expect. The Paddy you see on the show is the real Paddy. There's no ego or anything like that, he's just super friendly and down to earth and always a gentleman.
"Whenever we felt a bit flustered or awkward Paddy would crack a joke and have us all in stitches. He really made us feel relaxed."
But behind the dresses and the fashion Tanya has a surprising secret.
She said: "I'm a massive gamer and love nothing more than playing Call of Duty and blowing things up. In fact, I had to give my Playstation to my brother because it was taking over my life. I couldn't get off it, I was addicted.
"I can also speak fluent Polish because both my parents are from Poland and I also have my own clothing line. I specialise in lounge wear and tracksuits and my business, Luna Fauna is online."
What about the 'flirty thirty'? Was there any jealous rivalries among Paddy's girls?
Tanya said: "Not at all. From the moment we arrived on set in Maidstone we were all so excited and all the girls were so nice and on the same wave length. There were actually sixty of us at the hotel where we were staying, so you'd expect a lot of drama.
"But there was no bitchiness or anything. We were just like one massive group of mates. I made so many friends filming Take Me Out and I've kept in touch with loads of them.
"We've even got our own WhatsApp group and my phone's going-off all the time. I have to mute it sometimes otherwise I wouldn't get anything done. I've definitely made some friends for life on Take Me Out , it was such an amazing experience.
"We were really well cared for by the production team. They put sixty of us girls up in a hotel for a week and we dined together and had champagne, it was brilliant."
Would Tanya like to confess a secret crush? Who would she like to see come down the legendary 'Love Lift'?
"I have a massive, secret crush on Russell Howard, the comedian, he's just my type. Don't ask why!"
Tanya said she will be watching the show tomorrow night with her girlfriends, including fellow Take Me Out contestant, Rosie, who is also from Cheltenham.
She said: "I can't wait to see tomorrow's episode because I don't remember exactly what I said. We were so excited and hyped and it all happened so fast.
"We recorded for a week, over three hours a day, but it's a bit of a blur. I remember I couldn't keep still. I was dancing all the time and waving my hair around. We were all so wired and excited.
"It's going to be so strange watching myself tomorrow night on TV. I'm going to have my girlfriends over to my flat in Cheltenham for drinks and we're probably going to be in hysterics watching it."
Eight in 10 middle-aged people either weigh too much, drink too much or don't exercise enough, according to a new study which shows modern life is taking its toll on health.
Obesity in adults has increased 16 per cent in the last 20 years, according to data from Public Health England.
Other health problems have followed with diabetes in this age group also doubling in this period. Obese adults are more than five times more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes than those who are a healthy weight (a body mass index between 18.5 and 25)
Promoting the health body's One You campaign, the research shows that 87 per cent of men and 79 per cent of women aged between 40 and 60 are either overweight or obese, exceed the Chief Medical Officer's (CMO) alcohol guidelines, or are physically inactive.
People are being urged to take a moment to consider their health and the simple steps they can take to improve it in the run up to the New Year, by taking the One You online quiz at http://www.nhs.uk/oneyou/how-are-you
The quiz, called ‘How Are You', takes your lifestyle information, gives you a health score and then links to free localised, personalisable information, apps and tools.
More than 1.1 million people have taken the quiz so far and where appropriate, been directed to download apps like Couch to 5K, Alcohol Checker and Easy Meals.
These sit alongside PHE's other online tools like the Heart Age tool which gives you your ‘heart age' based on your age and lifestyle.
Professor Sir Muir Gray, Clinical Adviser for the One You campaign, said: “The demands of modern day living are taking their toll on the health of the nation, and it's those in middle age that are suffering the consequences most, as their health reaches worrying new levels.
“Over 15 million Britons are living with a long term health condition, and busy lives and desk jobs make it difficult to live healthily. But just making a few small changes will have significant benefits to people's health now and in later life.”
Photo: Kai Z. Feng
The 24K Magic World Tour will continue on!
Bruno Mars confirmed today's earlier tease by announcing the cities he'll be stopping in with special guest Cardi B.
Related: Bruno Mars Teases Tour With Cardi B
The ‘finale' run for the 11-time GRAMMY winner will include visits to Boston, Brooklyn, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Los Angeles, Nashville, Newark, Philadelphia, St. Paul, Toronto, and Tulsa. Dates and venues to be announced soon.
Tickets for the dates are set to go on-sale February 16th.
BCHL Today is a (near) daily feature providing news and notes from around the junior A world.
Welcome to the Feb. 3, 2018 edition of BCHL Today, a (near) daily look at what's going on around the league and the junior A world.
There were seven games on the BCHL schedule, and we start in Trail, where the Langley Rivermen were whomped 8-1 at the Cominco Arena.
Rarely do you see a score like this where at least one player didn't have a multi-goal game, but the Smoke Eaters spread the scoring around with eight different players putting pucks in the net. Braedon Fleming go the start in the Langley cage, but lasted just 12:44 before getting the hook, after Trail scored twice on nine shots.
Kale Howarth and Tyler Ghirardosi did the damage.
Nic Tallarico took over in the Rivermen net and Trail took just four seconds to beat him on a Jeremy Lucchini snipe. The snowball rolled straight downhill from there. Spencer McLean and Andre Ghantous scored second period goals. A Levi Glasman goal chased Tallarico out of the net 11:40 into period three, with Fleming coming back in.
Fleming surrendered two goals on seven shots in the final 8:20, with Trail's Connor Welsh (great name!) and Braedon Tuck pulling the trigger.
Connor Marshall scored the lone goal for Langley, a team that seems to be heading south at the wrong time of year. Since coming back from the Christmas break the Rivermen have four wins against eight losses and are in danger of starting the playoffs on the road.
————————————————————————————-
On the topic of disappointing teams, next up is the Chilliwack Chiefs, who fell 3-2 in Prince George Friday night.
The Spruce Kings generated just 11 shots on the Chilliwack net in this one, but were able to sneak three pucks past Chiefs stopper Mathieu Caron. Patrick Cozzi and Ben Brar had PG up 2-0 through 20 minutes. Liam Watson-Brawn had them up by three late in the second period before Corey Andonovski finally got Chilliwack on the board.
Harrison Blaisdell scored the second Chiefs goal with just 42 seconds left in the game.
I haven't talked about Chilliwack's on-ice performance much because, frankly, it's been depressing. I was hoping for so much more from a team that will host the Royal Bank Cup in just over three months. They will be playing for a national championship, and based on winning percentage they're only the 11th best team in their own league. Has there been an RBC Cup host that has turned in a weaker regular season?
Look at the Chiefs roster and it shouldn't be so. Or should it? I wonder, if head coach/general manager Jason Tatarnic could go back and construct this roster all over again, would he still entrust the net to a pair of 17 year olds? The tandem of Mathieu Caron and Daniel Chenard has been far from the only issue with this team, but they also haven't been part of any solution. Caron can be lights-out one night and shaky the next, and Chenard has been dogged by a lower body injury all season. When he's played, he's shown flashes of brilliance, but like Caron it's been an up-and-down adventure.
Having a 19 or 20 year old goalie to insulate one of the youngsters may have been a better path.
But like I said, Caron and Chenard aren't the only problem. The lineup has depth but no gamebreakers. The forward and defensive ranks are dotted with Major Junior talents (Adam Berg/Ryan Bowen/Marcus Teskink/Kyle Yewchuk/Bryan Allbee) who've underwhelmed.
Tatarnic acquired the AJHL's scoring leader, PJ Marrocco, earlier this season, and he's produced a good-but-not-great seven goals and 14 points in 17 games.
Some nights the team puts it all together and looks like the team they were supposed to be, and maybe they'll flip the switch and be that team in the playoffs. More likely, they'll be what they are now, a middling fourth-place team heading for an early exit.
————————————————————————————-
Brock Sawyer is now 0-2 as interim head coach of the Powell River Kings after his team fell 4-3 in overtime to the Alberni Valley Bulldogs Friday night.
The firing of long-time bench boss Kent Lewis seems to have thrown this team for a loop at the worst possible time, and you really have to question the timing of Lewis' dismissal by the Powell River board. The Kings loss to AV combined with Nanaimo's 8-5 win over Cowichan Valley has the Clippers even with Powell River in the Island division standings.
There's a real danger that the team could start the playoffs on the road.
Paul Selleck scored the OT winner for the Bulldogs in Friday's win, which wouldn't have gotten to extra time if Powell River's Andy Stevens hadn't come through with a game-tying goal with 1:56 left in the third period.
Darren Rizzolo, Keaton Mastrodonato and Bradley Ong also scored for the Dawgs with Carter Turnbull and Josh Coblenz replying for the Kings.
————————————————————————————-
We bounce over to that Nanaimo/Cowichan game because the score-sheet is so much fun.
Richmond native Joshua Bourne had four goals in 14 games coming into this one, where his hat-trick powered the Clips to victory. Nanaimo actually led 7-2 through two periods on Bourne's three and singles by Lucas Vanroboys, Jordan Wharrie, Brad Belisle and Preston Brodziak.
The Caps came roaring back, sort of, in the third period.
Cowichan managed eight shots on net in the final frame, and scored on three of them, with David Laroche netting a pair and Troy MacTavish adding a single.
But Nanaimo's David Melaragni countered with a power play goal at 18:22 to put any Capital comeback hopes to rest.
————————————————————————————-
Finally, to Salmon Arm where all the Silverbacks do these days is won.
Trevor Adams scored the game winner midway through period three as the BCHL's hottest team won its seventh straight game. Salmon Arm has 10 wins and a tie in 14 post-Christmas outings. They're on the verge of leap-frogging West Kelowna for fifth place in the Interior division standings, where they sit just two points back with seven games to play.
I don't know that Penticton or Vernon or Wenatchee is dreading the idea of facing the Silverbacks in the first round of the playoffs, but Salmon Arm looks like they'll be a very tough out.
Hudson Schandor had a pair of goals in Friday's win with Rhett Kingston and Brandon Whistle also scoring. R.J. Murphy had a pair of first period tallies for West K, with Parm Dhaliwal and Chase Stevenson also hitting the score-sheet.
The other two scores from Friday night saw Wenatchee take down the Coquitlam Express by a 7-3 count while the Penticton Vees squeaked out a 3-2 road win in Merritt.
BCHL Today takes Sundays off and returns Monday morning with a look at the rest of the weekend action.
Eric Welsh is the sports editor at the Chilliwack Progress and has been covering junior A hockey in B.C. and Alberta since 2003.
Email eric.welsh@theprogress.com
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain may now seek a temporary customs union with the EU after Brexit to ensure a smooth switch-over.
After both Chancellor Philip Hammond and International Trade Secretary Liam Fox insisted we would exit both the single market and the customs union, it emerged Brexit Secretary David Davis will ask for an interim arrangement.
The Department for Exiting the EU said: “This will provide certainty and ensure businesses only have to adjust once to a new relationship.”
The UK cannot start talks on trade deals with non-EU countries until after Brexit but could so in this temporary phase.
(Image: REUTERS)
Retired Brits 'rushing to move to Spain, Portugal and France' before Brexit makes it more difficult
The Government today publishes two visions for the long-term customs deal after it leaves the EU and after any temporary arrangement. One would involve a “streamlined” border with as few trading barriers with the EU as possible. The other would mean a new partnership with the EU that would do away with the need for a customs border.
Labour MP Chris Leslie blasted the report saying: “It is a fantasy to pretend we can have the most frictionless trade possible when the Government remain intent on pulling Britain out of the customs union.”
Lib Dem Tom Brake said: “We're in the customs union or not – you can't be half pregnant.”
The Government unveils possible plans for Northern Ireland's border tomorrow. It said there will be “no return to hard borders”.
Celebrating Cromford Festival takes place this weekend when there will be fun for all the family.
Live music, art and crafts workshops, photos and art exhibitions, market stalls, real ale trail, salsa, school fair, morris dancers, fell race and food tasting are on offer.
For more details, visit www.celebratingcromford.org
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are delays on the M11 after a three vehicle collision near Saffron Walden on Monday (January 2).
Traffic is slow following the collision which happened on the southbound carriageway between J9 A11 Saffron Walden and J8 A120 / B1256 Stortford Road / B1256 (Bishops Stortford).
Lane one (of two) was closed for a time but all lanes have now reopened.
PC Mike Bignell, of the Essex Police Roads Policing unit, tweeted about an hour ago three vehicles were involved and there was a car fire.
He confirmed the blaze has now been extinguished by Essex County Fire and Rescue Service.
No one was injured in the collision.
Traffic is understood to be still slow in the area.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Impact Wrestling 's new leadership are visiting the UK this week during what promises to be a very exciting time for the company.
The revamped promotion's latest episode has been billed as the beginning of a new era for the organisation, following a turbulent 2017.
Impact's executive committee Ed Nordholm, Scott D'Amore and Don Callis made the trip across the pond to seek out new opportunities.
The new regime has already made some big changes in just over a month in control, including overseeing the departure of several key stars.
But the team has also acquired major independent names including Brian Cage and a new Impact World Heavyweight Champion, Austin Aries .
The trio spoke to Mirror Sport's Tony Quant about their trip to the UK, key changes within the company, reflecting on 2017, looking forward to 2018 and much more.
What brings you all to the UK?
Scott D'Amore (SD): It's important for us, we are wrapping up month one of a new management team and the UK has historically been such a vital part of this company's success and we acknowledge that the UK has to play a big role in the company's success going forward. We are here to meet with people and potential partners on the UK scene.
We already have an amazing TV partner in 5 Spike and have done many live events in the past. Doing live events in the UK is in our plans in the future. When we do re-enter the market in live events, we want to be able to make informed decisions on those things.
Are there any specific UK talents you are looking at while on your trip?
SD: There is as much talent in UK as I think there has ever been. It's pretty rare to see all three members of a senior management team come over together, but one of the things we are doing is seeing a bunch of events because it's important for us to see the talent in a live environment. Because you can watch them on a computer screen and get a feel, but you certainly get a different feel in a live environment and getting to meet them.
Some talents we are meeting with and getting to know a bit and [seeing] how we can look to incorporate them into our product. We are looking at some UK talent... who are they? I guess you have to keep tuning into Impact Wrestling to find out.
Last year you made history breaking into the India market. Is that also a market which you will continue to look to build upon and grow in 2018?
Ed Nordholm (EN): The taping in India last year was a watershed moment for the company. We were the first professional wrestling company to broadcast from India. Measured by our YouTube views we have India as our second largest market. Everybody knows it's a great market on many levels and a market we intend to find a way to address better than we have.
SD: The days of distinct territories is over, we all exist in one territory, it's a global one. India, UK, China, Japan are all our territories.
Looking forward, what does success look like in 2018 for Impact Wrestling?
EN: Success for 2018 is relatively modest. Success is that we started and each week will be a little better. Aspirations are to build slowly but surely, build trust, re-establish there is a product that people can come and see. From a product perspective, I don't think there is going to be a watershed moment, where there will be a big reveal. It's going to be incremental successes. As we are here today, we do want to reestablish ourselves in the UK market, build on what we did last year in India, but both of those will be modest.
Don Callis (DC): Globally speaking, by the end of 2018 we want the product to be a destination for wrestling fans. I don't think it's been that for a while quite frankly. I don't think there has been a buzz or cool factor for the product. We are going to rely on talent and our ability to put them in the best position possible for success, so that at the end of 2018, there is a buzz about the product. Once you have that buzz you have fan engagement and then a lot of good things can happen after that.
(Image: Impact Wrestling)
You recently announced a partnership with Twitch. While it's still early days, what has the feedback been like from them and how have you found the response from fans on the content available via Twitch?
EN: It's been very strong. As you say it's still very early days but It's lived up to our expectations, if not exceeded them. It will be a great platform for us to distribute content and expand on the type of content we produce and make available and also provide a different style to our fans. So aside from having a monthly house style show which will be exclusive to Twitch we will also have weekly events behind the scenes with our talents. This is not straight up Wrestling content, its genuine connection with our talent in a very unique distribution platform.
Has the partnership with Twitch reduced your subscribers to your Global Wrestling Network app?
EN: Actually quite to the contrary since the launch. The app got launched and we are encouraged by how that has been taken up. Since the Twitch channel launch I think it's just got that little extra push into the market and we have seen the pace of take ups on the app increase. They are both very different products but both are opportunities for our fanbase to be able to see the content when they want, how they want and where they want.
One change you have implemented is breaking news as it happens at live events. The first example of this was when Austin Aries won the Impact Championship. Is this something we can expect to see more of?
SD: I mean we are looking at it and evaluating everything. No matter what happens whether we report it or not, it's getting out there immediately. That was such a watershed moment to us that we thought it was important for us to get out and do it. You know lots of people responded positively to it. We are going to be careful of how we put stuff out there, to be cognisant of how people like to view the show.
Given that it is a taped show, how do you respond to those who say why would they watch it, when the results are freely available weeks in advance?
SD: I mean I think there are lots of shows that are taped and are out there. One of the things we have to do is be cognisant of how we run this company as a business. If you look at the past there was a snap decision made to get out with live shows and with all due respect, that decision led to some hard times with the company. We have to be responsible and business savvy with how we approach everything. One thing that has been proven, even with taped shows, is that if you put out compelling content, then people are going to follow it.
(Image: Impact Wrestling)
DC: When results get out, it's not just 'so and so beat so and so', therefore I will not watch this because I know. The other information that gets out is that 'so and so had a kickass match with so and so'. So it can have the total opposite effect. You don't ever want to say wins and losses don't mean anything, but there is a portion of the new reality of pro wrestling that is 'must see' match, 'must see' spot and so that's the flipside of those results going out.
Looking at the current Impact roster, you have boosted it with really exciting names such as Austin Aries and Brian Cage. Who do you guys see as the next big names to take Impact Wrestling forward?
DC: I think there are two versions of that in a sense. There's one which is the obvious one and that's the guys we have brought in who we clearly hold in high regard. But there are also people who have been here for a while, Rosemary for example, who perhaps weren't handled in the best way possible in the past. Part of our job as a creative team is to create the infrastructure and support system and promotional machine that can take that raw talent to a new level. We will look at people like Allie, Eddie Edwards and say 'what can we do to take them to the next level?'
(Image: © Impact Wrestling)
As we wrap things up, on reflection looking back at 2017 what were the highlights for Impact Wrestling?
EN: Where would I begin with that? Day one we took over the operation January 1st and I am not a wrestling guy by background and we began a whirlwind tour from there. The highlights would be hard to say, whether it be the TripleMania events with Triple A and building that relationship... In September Scott and I spent a week bromance in Tokyo. Slammiversary was a great event for Impact and being able to bring it home to Canada for Bound for Glory. I would be hard pressed to choose which what was the key highlight of a dramatic year.
You can watch Impact Wrestling every Friday from 10pm on 5 Spike.
The channel can be found on Freeview 31, Freesat 141, Sky 160 and Virgin Media 154.
Find out more about the Global Wrestling Network App
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — The Commonwealth Bank of Australia announced on Monday that its beleaguered chief executive will retire by June 2018 after the country's largest bank was accused of breaching money laundering and terrorism financing laws.
Bank Chairman Catherine Livingstone said chief executive Ian Narev will retire by June 30, the end of the current fiscal year. The exact timing will dependent on finding his replacement.
The board decided to detail the succession process “to ensure the market is fully informed and to provide certainty for the business,” Livingstone said in a statement.
The Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Center, the government's anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing intelligence agency better known as AUSTRAC, this month launched a civil prosecution in the Federal Court alleging that the bank failed to report more than 53,000 suspicious transactions totally more than 77 million Australian dollars ($61 million) from 2012 to 2015.
The bank has blamed a software error in its automated teller machines. Narev last week conceded the bank had “made mistakes” in relation to the AUSTRAC allegations. The bank has not yet filed its defense in the case.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission, the corporate watchdog, has since announced it is investigating whether the bank's board should have notified investors sooner of the AUTRAC allegations.
Narev has been the bank's chief executive since 2011.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Former Dortmund coach and eye witness Thomas Tuchel arrives at the trial against Sergej W., no family name given due to German privacy laws, who is charged with detonating three bombs targeting the Borussia Dortmund soccer team bus last April, at the German state court in Dortmund, Germany, Monday March 19, 2018.the trial (Bernd Thissen/dpa via AP)
Former Dortmund coach and eye witness Thomas Tuchel arrives at the trial against Sergej W., no family name given due to German privacy laws, who is charged with detonating three bombs targeting the Borussia Dortmund soccer team bus last April, at the German state court in Dortmund, Germany, Monday March 19, 2018.the trial (Bernd Thissen/dpa via AP)
BERLIN (AP) - Borussia Dortmund's ex-coach Thomas Tuchel has testified at the trial of a man accused of bombing the German soccer club's bus that the attack was partly responsible for his departure.
Defender Marc Bartra and a police officer were hurt in the April 11 attack as the bus left a Dortmund hotel for a Champions League match against Monaco. Dortmund played, and lost, the game a day later.
The dpa news agency reported Tuchel suggested Monday at suspect Sergei W.'s trial that the attack led to a disagreement with chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke over rescheduling the game, probably because "I was sitting in the bus and he wasn't."
Tuchel says it was a mistake to schedule the match a day later.
Tuchel was fired in May after an inconsistent season.
In Paris in the early 1990s, a group of activists goes to battle for those stricken with HIV/AIDS, taking on sluggish government agencies and major pharmaceutical companies in bold, invasive actions. The organization is ACT UP, and its members, many of them gay and HIV-positive, embrace their mission with a literal life-or-death urgency. Amid rallies, protests, fierce debates and ecstatic dance parties, the newcomer Nathan falls in love with Sean, the group's radical firebrand, and... Full synopsis »
is interesting until it isn't, trading its intense portrayal of activism for a've-seen-it-many-times-before third act. The movie, about AIDS rights activists in the early 90's who debate and execute tactics to bring awareness to their cause, has a lot going for it until it abandons what made it unique in the first place and opts to focus on one character slowly dying for what seems like an hour.
TWO AND A half years have elapsed since the Jack Grealish saga came to an end, when the Aston Villa youngster confirmed he was switching to represent England rather than Ireland at international level.
Grealish was far from the first or last player to change his international allegiance, but the decision was easily the most high-profile case from an Irish perspective in recent years.
Indeed, the impact of the call is arguably still palpable today. Though everyone will insist they have moved on, there is almost a sense of near-paranoia now whenever a high-profile English-born Irish underage player is put under scrutiny.
One ramification of that was the false rumour being spread that Harry Arter was considering declaring for England, which came to light in October 2016, prior to his first competitive Irish appearance. The Bournemouth star subsequently spoke about the “vile” Twitter abuse he received as a result of the unsubstantiated claims.
It is just three years since — with the speculation surrounding his international future intensifying — Grealish collected the U21 Player of the Year accolade at the FAI Awards.
On Sunday night, two other talented young English-born players were in the limelight, with Declan Rice receiving the U19 Player of the Year award and Josh Cullen following in Grealish's footsteps in one sense by claiming the U21 accolade. That similarity, however, is seemingly where the parallels with Grealish end, despite some speculation to the contrary with regards Rice.
Recent media reports indicating that the London-born West Ham youngster was being monitored by England boss Gareth Southgate prompted concern among some that another Grealish-esque situation could occur.
However, after picking up his award on Sunday, Rice confirmed that he was fully committed to Ireland and quashed any suggestions that he was in anyway tempted to represent the Three Lions, following a series of eye-catching Premier League performances this season.
“I'm here now. I've just picked up the award and I'm very privileged,” he said.
I've been playing with Ireland since U16 level, my mindset is fully on playing with Ireland.
“I'm really looking forward to this [Turkey] game at the moment and I'm really enjoying the environment.”
Although Rice is technically still eligible to play for the English team until he represents Ireland in a competitive match, his recent call-up for the upcoming friendly with Turkey had seemingly put to rest any doubt over the matter.
It is the second time Rice has linked up with the senior squad, having been invited to a training squad last May, just days after making his Premier League debut for West Ham.
Since then, the youngster has gone on to progress significantly at club level. Now 19, he has made 23 appearances in all competitions for West Ham this season, including seven Premier Leagues starts, while recent reports have indicated he is set to be offered a new contract by the club.
Rice's most impressive performances in the English top-flight have come at centre-back, an area where Ireland are relatively well stocked, with Shane Duffy, Ciaran Clark, Richard Keogh and Kevin Long among those competing for a spot in the starting XI.
Rice has played regularly in midfield for the Ireland U21 side. Source: Tommy Dickson/INPHO
However, Rice has been a regular in central midfield along with Josh Cullen for the Irish U21 team and with James McCarthy out for an extended period after suffering a broken leg and Glenn Whelan's future at international level uncertain, the youngster may be needed more urgently in the holding role for his country.
“It's a position I've played since I was eight years old — that only changed at U18 level,” he says, when asked whether he would feel comfortable playing further forward for the Irish senior team than he has been at club level of late.
I do love playing at centre-back, I like playing on the pitch in any position. I've played in midfield for the U21s, I like playing there, I like getting forward, I like the defensive [side of it] as well.”
What position he is chosen in remains to be seen, but Rice is expected to get some game time when Ireland face Turkey in Antalya.
Honoured to have won u19 player of the year! Cannot wait for my first trip with the senior team💚 #COYBIG @FAIreland pic.twitter.com/xRF7x6SgrP — Declan Rice (@_DeclanRice) March 18, 2018
A senior international debut will complete an incredible 12 months for the starlet, who only turned 19 in January.
“This time last year, I was picking up the U17 award. Now, I'm going away with the first team. It's been a breakthrough year.
“I think it's very important that I get myself training well, showing the manager what I can do, getting myself on the bench and hopefully getting some minutes in the game.
“It's important individually that I do well and the team do well and that I get off to a good start in this new campaign. Especially with the Nations League coming up, a lot of jerseys are available and you've got to make yourself available to get one of them and get in the squad.
“I spoke to Martin [O'Neill] today and he welcomed me in and said that I'd had a very good season so far and to carry that on to here and keep pushing.
“It's refreshing to see so many young players in the squad. It's a new campaign and we're looking forward to it.”
Despite it being a positive season on a personal level for Rice, it has been a turbulent campaign for his club. West Ham currently sit perilously close to the relegation zone, with the side 17th in the table with eight games to play.
This tense situation has led to supporter unrest and anger at the board, which was highlighted by unsavoury scenes whereby some fans invaded the pitch during a recent home clash with Burnley.
Rice, however, suggests such challenging circumstances can be character-building and plays down the significance of the disconcerting scenes at London Stadium the other week.
It hasn't been like that all the season. They have been very good, the fans, this year. It's the first time I've witnessed that and it's maybe good at a young age to see that sometimes.
“I'm pretty sure towards the end of the season, we're going to push on and finish strongly.”
Consequently, a busy few weeks await Rice. After the Turkey game, along with Manchester United youngster and fellow senior squad member Kieran O'Hara, he will link up with Noel King's U21 side for their important Uefa European Championship qualifier against Azerbaijan on Tuesday at Tallaght Stadium. From there, he will return to the Hammers and ideally help them avoid relegation amid a nerve-racking run-in.
It is a lot to ask of someone who is still a teenager, but the player's laidback demeanour and composed displays in recent months suggest he is more than capable of coping with the pressure.
SOUTH WINDSOR, Conn. (WTNH)– A Meriden man was arrested early Sunday after an argument in a South Windsor parking lot.
Police say at around 2 a.m, officers responded to Revolutions Bowling on Bidwell Road for an unwanted person complaint. The staff reported that two men and a woman were arguing in a parking lot and refusing to leave.
When officers arrived, they found that one of the men appeared to be intoxicated and that the argument was over his attempt to drive. The man was later identified as 23-year-old Kristion Neysmith, who police say was aggressive and uncooperative with officers.
Neysmith was then put in handcuffs but resisted efforts to be placed into a police cruiser. He was then arrested and charged with interfering with an officer and disorderly conduct. Neysmith was later released on $5,000 bond and will appear in court on August 24th.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An 18-year-old girl was killed when her mobile exploded as she chatted on it, her family claim.
Uma Oram was reportedly talking on the device as it was plugged in to charge.
She was taken to hospital after being knocked unconscious and suffering injuries to her hand, chest and leg.
Local media quoted her brother as saying that she had wanted to talk to an unnamed family member just after lunch but found that the phone had run out of charge.
(Image: CEN)
Her brother Durga Prasad Oram explained: "As the battery of the mobile phone was draining out, she plugged it for charging while talking over it simultaneously.
"The cell phone... was put on charging when she started talking to a relative. Its battery exploded suddenly.
"Before we could know what exactly happened, Uma fell unconscious. She was declared dead at the hospital."
(Image: CEN)
Mobile phone EXPLODES in man's pocket and sets his shirt on fire
He told local media that the phone was a Nokia 3110 but some media sources said it was a Nokia 5233 smartphone.
Pictures show a damaged phone that looks like the 5233, released in 2010 and Nokia's cheapest touchscreen smartphone at the time.
The 3110 was a pre-smartphone model quite unlike the one seen in pictures taken after the incident.
The tragic incident took place at the family home in the village of Kheriakani in the eastern Indian state of Odisha.
Police have reportedly visited the scene to gather statements and Uma's body has been sent for post-mortem.
A Nokia spokesman told Mirror Online: "We are very sorry to hear reports of the incident that took place in India on Friday involving a young woman, and our deepest sympathies go out to her family.
"Local authorities are investigating the causes of this incident and we will provide an update when we know more about the outcome of the investigation."
In a marathon question-answer conversation with several hundred young people in Rome on Monday, the Catholic Church's Pope Francis attacked prostitution, praying for the forgiveness of all Catholic men who engage in purchasing sex from prostitutes.
Speaking to the Pope, a 32-year-old Nigerian woman and former sex trafficking victim said she was troubled by the fact that the majority of men paying for prostitutes in the streets of Rome seem to be Catholics. Francis responded by saying that it was indeed likely that nine in ten clients of prostitutes are baptized Catholics.
"I think of the disgust these girls must feel when men make them do these things," the Pope said, adding that he "would like to take advantage of this moment to ask your forgiveness, from society and from all the Catholics who carry out this criminal act."
"This is not making love, this is torturing a woman. Let's not confuse terms," Francis stressed.
According to the Pope, the sexual exploitation of women stems from a "sick mentality," and is a problem that must be fought against. "It is a sickness of humanity, a sickness of looking at society in a certain way, a crime against humanity," he said, adding that feminism has not been able to deal with the problem.
With human trafficking and sex slavery two major issues of his papal agenda, the pope urged young people to join him in the "battle" against forced prostitution, "for the dignity of women."
The Pope's four hour long conversation with young people was part of an effort by Church leaders to learn about youth attitudes toward the Catholic Church ahead of a big synod of bishops meeting on youth issues scheduled for later in the year. He urged young people to "take risks" and speak with courage and without shame, prompting a conversation that included topics such as prostitution, gang violence, racism and poverty, as well as same-sex marriage, sexuality, and the role of women in the Church.
The Pope's new book, God is Young, will be released in Italy on Tuesday and is expected to be translated and published into English in time for the synod. The 160-page book is based on Francis' interviews with Italian journalist Thomas Leoncini, and tackles issues including the marginalization of young people and insecure working environments.
Most people would find the prospect of paddling down the crocodile-infested waters of the wild and beautiful lower Zambezi a little frightening but the Harrogate organiser of a forthcoming charity expedition is confident it will all go well.
Jane Keogh, owner of a personal development and training company in Harrogate, said: "I've read the stories in the national press about crocodile attacks in that area of Zambia but it tends to happen to people in inflatables. I wouldn't go on the river in one of them."
In July, Jane will lead a small team of ten people from the business world on a self-funded canoe trip down this famous African river to support orphaned and disadvantaged children in the remote rural Chiawa region.
The expedition will also serve to highlight the work of Conservation Lower Zambezi to protect endangered wildlife, especially elephants.
For four days and nights there will be no mobile phone reception as they paddle down stream and camp by the river.
Endangered - An elephant in Zambia. (Picture by Jane Keogh)
But there will certainly be plenty of animals.
Jane said: "We will be camping every night on small islands and sand banks.
"There will be hundreds of hippos around and we will probably see elephants crossing and snakes.
"There's also the chance of lions and hyenas and crocodiles but the noise of our camp fire will probably put them off.
"Any trip amongst wildlife always has an element of danger but the key thing is to respect the animals' territory."
Joning Jane on the journey of a lifetime by fibre glass canoe will be several other hardy volunteers from the Harrogate business world.
Among them are Alison Brooks, whose husband's business Moda Living at West Park is supporting the charity expedition, Jessica Kelly from Hendersons Insurance Broking Group at Cardale Park, Paul Woods from Imagine Financial Planning at Windsor House in Harrogate and Louisa Millington who is business development manager for Craven and Co in Knaresborough.
The inspiration for the expedition, whose aim is to raise a total of £13,500 to sponsor children in rural Zambia to go to secondary school, came from Jane's earlier experiences in Zambia.
Jane said: "I went to the Lower Zambezi a few years ago to volunteer for Conservation Lower Zambezi which is a non-profit organisation committed to the protection of wildlife and to the sustainable use of natural resources in the area.
"To work and live in a remote and wild part of the world, amongst the wildlife is a humbling and grounding experience. It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life.
"We need to educate people about sustainable living. Can you imagine a world without elephants?"
Before setting off down river, the team will visit local schools in Zambia to present computers and PE equipment at Gota Gota school and another school in the local village of Mugulameno.
Like Jane, herself, all members of the expedition are paying for the trip, including the flights, our of their own pockets.
The team's charity fundraising will be bolstered by an event at Hotel du Vin in Harrogate shortly.
The lunch on Sunday, June 10 will feature a raffle hosted by DJ Trev with prizes donated by Harrogate's business community, including a private VIP box for a top event at Leeds Arena.
General donations can be made to the Virgin MoneyGiving page which has been set up for the trip.
A single deep drill hole to determine extending mineralisation at Draig Resources' northern Goldfields-based Bellevue gold project has boss Steve Parsons upbeat on reigniting the historic mine.
The confident explorer yesterday reported hits of 3.4m at 10.4g/t from 576.2m and 4.3m at 8.8g/t from 575.3m at a target deemed the Gap at Bellevue, near Leinster.
The deep hole was focused on an offset and extension of the high-grade Bellevue lode position, with the nearest historical drill holes 600m to the north and 500m south.
Mr Parsons said a step-out program, co-funded by the State Government's Exploration Incentive Scheme, was now under way in a bid to gauge Bellevue's mineralised zone.
“The company is very excited with this initial drill hole and the high-grade gold mineralisation that has been intercepted,” he said.
“The new mineralised intercept is only 500m below surface and is located 190m west of the southern extent of previous underground mine workings.
“The company is highly encouraged by the observed style of mineralisation and grade tenor in the hole, and the significance of the mineralised gold zone is currently being assessed by the technical team.
“(We) will now undertake a broad spaced step-out drill program within the 1200m of untested strike potential of the Tribune footwall known as the Gap.”
Despite the high-grade intersections, Draig's stocks had dropped 2.63 per cent to 18¢ at 10.45am yesterday.
Draig closed 2.5¢ down at 16.5¢.
By The Associated Press
DENVER (AP) — The Latest on a civil trial involving Taylor Swift and a former DJ she accused of groping her (all times local):
11:10 a.m.
A lawyer for the former radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift says the pop star's account is inconsistent with every other Swift team member's testimony and with a photo taken at the time of the alleged incident.
During closing arguments in Denver federal court Monday, attorney Gabriel McFarland told jurors Monday that David Mueller “is not the guy” who groped Swift during a photo op before a 2013 concert.
He argued that Swift's smiling face in the photo contradicts her testimony that she was groped the instant the photo was taken.
McFarland also cast doubt on a Swift security guard's claim that he saw Mueller touch Swift but did not act because he did not think she was in danger.
He also said the photographer who took the image “started it all” by pulling a photo of Mueller and his girlfriend with Swift from dozens she took during a meet-and-greet and showing it to Swift, who identified Mueller as the person who touched her.
_____
10:20 a.m.
Closing arguments are underway in the civil trial involving Taylor Swift and the former radio DJ she accuses of groping her before a 2013 concert.
A lawyer for ex-DJ David Mueller, Gabriel McFarland, made his case to jurors first on Monday morning in Denver federal court.
Before arguments began, Judge William Martinez told jurors that a preponderance of evidence is needed to return a verdict.
The verdict form asks if Frank Bell, a radio liaison for Taylor Swift, and Andrea Swift intentionally caused Mueller to be fired from his job.
It also asks in Swift's counterclaim if Mueller assaulted or battered Swift.
The judge threw out Mueller's case against Taylor Swift on Friday.
_____
9:10 a.m.
Taylor Swift, her mother Andrea Swift, and former radio DJ David Mueller are back in a federal courtroom in Denver federal as the judge and attorneys for her groping case review instructions for the jury.
Monday's review is taking place outside the presence of the eight-member jury, which will be called in later in the morning to hear closing arguments.
Swift alleges Mueller groped her before a 2013 concert and he denies the allegation.
A judge ruled Friday Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end his career. Identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the encounter to his bosses. He sought up to $3 million in damages. The judge ruled that he did not make a case for recovering that much money.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will consider her assault claim.
_____
9 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift before a 2013 Denver concert.
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star's mother and radio liaison tried to destroy his career.
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end his career.
Identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the encounter to his bosses. He sought up to $3 million in damages. The judge ruled that he did not make a case for recovering that much money.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will consider her assault claim.
_____
7:55 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial over allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a 2013 Denver concert.
The former DJ alleges in a competing federal lawsuit that the star's mother and radio liaison set out to destroy his career.
A federal judge ruled Friday that former DJ David Mueller did not prove Swift personally tried to end his career.
But identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the 2013 encounter to his bosses. He's seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost him his job.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will also consider her assault claim.
She called the encounter despicable.
_____
1:15 a.m.
Lawyers are expected to make closing arguments Monday in a trial concerning allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift backstage before a concert in Denver, and competing allegations the singer's mother and her radio liaison set out to destroy the DJ's career after the photo op took place.
A federal judge on Friday determined that former DJ David Mueller didn't prove that Swift personally tried to end his career, but identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell are expected to go to jurors.
Mueller sued the three after Swift's team reported the 2013 encounter to his bosses. He's seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost him his job.
Swift countersued for a symbolic $1. The jury will also consider her assault claim.
She called the encounter with Mueller despicable.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Athletic Trainer, Jessica Hansen, took the stand Monday in Back v. Benefis. She says there was a lack of information and if she knew more about Robert's condition things might have been different. According to Hansen, nobody told her that they were suspicious of Robert having a concussion. As far as she knew he had symptoms of the flu and could have been suffering from dehydration. Hansen says she relies on the players and coaches for information, because she isn't always around. S...
Athletic Trainer, Jessica Hansen, took the stand Monday in Back v. Benefis. She says there was a lack of information and if she knew more about Robert's condition things might have been different. According to Hansen, nobody told her that they were suspicious of Robert having a concussion. As far as she knew he had symptoms of the flu and could have been suffering from dehydration. Hansen says she relies on the players and coaches for information, because she isn't always around. S...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An Amazon customer was horrified to discover a dead 'lizard' in the packaging of her new dressing table.
Ellen Ressel rushed to the kitchen sink to scrub her hands clean after accidentally touching the squished reptile as she unpacked the furniture.
The 28-year-old from Cheshire took a picture of the dead creature and posted it to Amazon's website.
The IT worker wrote: "Thanks for the dead lizard, Amazon. Is this an extra you add to furniture now?"
The image showed a small squashed looking green reptile, with a thin tail and four legs, laying on top of some bubble wrap.
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
More pictures of the dead animal show it sprawled on its back with its webbed limbs in the air.
She received the £50 item, which is dispatched and sold by Amazon UK, on Thursday, April 19 and said the '4 inch dead lizard' was stuck between bits of wood inside the package.
After immediately phoning Amazon, Ellen says she received an apology from the company and a month's extension of her Prime membership as compensation.
(Image: Deadline News)
Speaking today, Ellen said: "I didn't see it until I was halfway through getting the bits of wood out to build it.
"I lifted up a big bit and noticed something stuck underneath.
"I didn't realise it was a lizard until i touched it and it fell onto the foam packaging - I was like WTF and obviously went and washed my hands a lot."
(Image: Deadline News)
(Image: Deadline News)
She added: "I immediately rang Amazon who at first didn't understand what I was saying and kept asking if it was damaged and I was like - no it's not damaged, there's a dead animal in it."
"The lady on the phone just said they will raise it and make sure it doesn't happen again.
"She originally tried to blame Parcelforce which is stupid as it was sandwiched between the pieces of wood.
Amazon have apologised to the customer.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new counter-terror unit of elite troops will tackle the terrorist threat to ships on the UK coast.
The Maritime Operations Commando will also be sent on global raids against enemy ships or terrorist vessels.
The amphibious force will be on short notice for emergency missions.
Defence sources said the 450-strong MOC is being set up amid increasing fears jihadists will attack vessels.
Ports are also under threat, as jihadists may try to smuggle armed terrorists into the UK. And Somali pirates are a risk, with at least six attacks on ships off the Horn of Africa in the past month.
Troops for the new unit will be formed from the Royal Marines ' 42 Commando battalions in Plymouth.
News of the elite unit emerged in a leaked memo from Major General Rob Magowan, of the Royal Marines.
He said a reduction in the number of troops being sent to fight in Afghanistan and Iraq coincided with the need to deal with emerging terror threats.
He wrote: “We are no longer heavily committed to land-centric campaigns in the Middle East and Asia. Tomorrow's operating environment is likely to be complex.
“This requires defence to continue to adapt its structures. I have championed the re-roling of 42 Commandoes as the Maritime Operations Commando.
“It will focus on maritime interdiction [interception] and boarding operations, ship's force protection teams for Royal Navy and Royal Fleet Auxiliary ships deployed globally.
(Photo: Guy Channing)
"It will also provide our core contribution to UK domestic operations in response to a terrorist event. These groups, consisting of up to 200 Commandos, will be tasked with small-scale operations, such as raiding and intelligence gathering.”
Based in the West Country, the MOC will have SAS and Special Boat Service liaison officers attached to it.
A senior source said: “In a changing environment of terrorist threats this gives us a very important challenge for the future, which is why this new force is necessary.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prince Harry and new wife Meghan Markle are sending back hundreds of wedding gifts thought to be worth more than £7 million.
After strict palace guidelines, royal aides are trying to stop companies from using the new Duke and Duchess of Sussex for publicity.
When receiving freebies from businesses, Kensington Palace said: "When gifts are accepted, the consent of the Member of the Royal Family should be contingent upon the enterprise undertaking not to exploit the gift for commercial purposes."
One company who sent the couple a gift is Bags of Love, according to the Express.
The company makes personalised swimwear and are understood to have sent Prince Harry and Meghan a matching bikini and swimming trunk combo, The Mirror reported.
According to Kensington Palace guidelines: "Gifts offered by private individuals living in the UK not personally known to the Member of the Royal Family should be refused where there are concerns about the propriety or motives of the donor or the gift itself."
The newlyweds specifically requested well-wishers did not send gifts and instead donate to a list of chosen charities that champion issues that are close to their hearts.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a statement on the couple's wedding day to say the country would donate £29,000 to a youth charity called Jumpstart.
New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Arden told reporters that on behalf of the country, New Zealand was making a £2,500 donation to a charity that supports children and families of prisoners called Pillars.
The Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the country will make a donation to the Invictus Games charity, which is hosted in Sydney this year.
Kensington Palace has not revealed the total amount of money raised in donations.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A diamond investment firm used two desperate arguments to try to avoid being shut down by the High Court.
First, it claimed it had never ripped off anyone, blaming so-called brokers working for other companies.
And in case that didn't wash, it argued that the UK courts had no authority because it was based in Dubai.
In fact, the Dubai operation, Diffraction Diamonds DMCC, was another version of UK company Diffraction Limited, which was liquidated in 2014.
Both were run by 40-year-old David Ramsey of Slough, Berkshire.
The High Court was told how Diffraction supplied diamonds to other companies, which cold called members of the public claiming that they were a great investment as they were priced 20% below the retail value.
But the Government's Insolvency Service proved that the fancy coloured diamonds – or FCDs – were being sold at mark-ups of between 220% and 745%.
Deputy Judge Philip Marshall QC ruled: “There can be no doubt of the fact that Diffraction played a central and essential role in the sale of FCDs by brokers to the public as investments, and profited from such arrangements.”
Ramsey even admitted knowing that the diamonds were being sold at hugely inflated prices, prompting the judge to say: “Mr Ramsey must therefore have known perfectly well that investors would almost inevitably suffer loss through the transactions that Diffraction was facilitating.”
He added that it was “inexcusable” that the company failed to disclose its accounts.
The judge ordered the company to be wound up in the public interest, along with a second operation, IGL Labs UK Limited, run by 40-year-old Noam Lenzini of London.
This provided worthless valuation certificates designed to give investors the impression that they'd got a good deal.
The court heard that IGL never even saw the diamonds it valued – it simply took whatever price they'd been sold for then added 20%.
Two companies that coldcalled potential investors have already been put into compulsory liquidation – Heritage FA Limited and CDX Worldwide Limited.
When the latter was shut down last year the High Court heard how Diffraction paid the original supplier around £1.3million for diamonds that were sold by the broker companies for £5.6million.
Mr Chief Registrar Baister said the mark-up “obliterated” any chance of investors making a profit.
PS Ramsey was last month banned from being a director for 14 years over a separate scam, this time selling worthless supposed green investments, called carbon credits, for £1.4million.
The days are numbered for federal net neutrality regulations. In response, some states are working on their own versions to prevent internet service providers (ISP) from blocking, slowing or charging more for some web traffic. Oregon, Washington and several other states have made new rules, but a bill working its way through the California legislature would go the furthest. Marketplace Tech host Molly Wood spoke with Ryan Singel, a media and strategy fellow at Stanford Law School, about how a state can regulate a business that crosses state lines.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WOW air is offering passengers the chance to beat the winter blues by booking a summer holiday!
In a case of the early bird catching the worm, holidaymakers who book onto any of the budget airline's flights during the summer season will receive a 20% discount.
The discounts are across the entire WOW air flight network , for travel dates between May to September.
Feeling tempted? All you need to do to bag one of the discounted fares is enter the code WOWSUMMER at checkout when you book on the website. You'll need to book by Monday 5th February when the sale ends.
There's more good news for holidaymakers as the deals will also apply to WOW air's new USA routes launching in April/May including Detroit, Cleveland, Cincinnati, St. Louis and Dallas.
Not to mention the existing routes to hotspots including New York, Boston, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
The USA isn't the only North American destination you can bag cheap flights to with the airline - they also offer routes to Canada, specifically Montreal and Toronto.
However, it's worth noting that any transatlantic routes with the airline will including a short stopover in Reykjavik.
Of course, you have a wide array of choice of European destinations; for example, you could spend a long weekend exploring the picturesque canals of Amsterdam , discover foodie delights in Lyon , or soak up plenty of history and culture in Rome .
(Image: AWL Images RM)
With fares starting from £29.99 pre-discount, it could make for a serious bargain. However, like most budget airlines the fare won't include your booking or baggage fees, so you'll have to pay extra for these.
Currently the airline offers routes from London Gatwick and Edinburgh, but from April onwards it will also offer departures from London Stansted - and you can book these on the website with the deals too.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The I-Team investigated a local photographer accused of failing to deliver the final product, and taking money from a client's checking account without permission.One customer said he was almost on the hook for about $1,400 for "proofs" of high school photos, and said he didn't even get the final prints. He claimed the business owner took a large chunk of that money out of his checking account, without his consent."It's like crushing your dream," said Abera Sisay.Sisay said he thought getting his daughter's senior pictures would take only a few clicks."He should give me my child's high school senior pictures," he said.Sisay paid about $250 to Creative Photography and Wall Design in west suburban Plano, Ill., and authorized $185 of that money to be pulled from his checking account.But then there was a dispute over the proofs, Sisay said."My daughter liked two or three of the 25, but I didn't like any of them," he explained.Sisay said Creative Photography wanted hundreds more for a final product."No, I'm not that stupid. I didn't even pay that much for my wedding pictures," Sisay said.He said he refused and requested a refund. But the company didn't honor his request."Instead of giving you your money back, what did he do?""My bank card said declined. I called my bank and they said there was a charge of $1,190 from Creative Photography. I told them I never authorized the charge."Sisay said the company's owner, Steve Kapas, added another charge of $1,190 on this previously signed authorization form.: "So almost $1400 dollars and no pictures?": "No pictures."Sisay filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and the Attorney General's office. The Attorney's General's office said he never responded to their letter.Sisay disputed the charge with his bank and, initially, was issued a refund. But Kapas challenged the dispute and the $1,190 was once again sent back to Kapas. Sisay fought back again and got the charge reversed permanently.Kapas maintains the charge was valid and claimed another document indicates Sisay agreed to the price.Sisay is not the only customer who has complaints about Kapas and his company. Another customer, Karrie Thome, said all she received from Kapas were proofs. She paid him about $700 and said she never received final photos."They're playing with parents' emotions. They know you want those pictures," Thome said.She also filed a BBB complaint. As of October, the photographer's BBB grade was an F, for not responding to four complaints."A couple of them allege that they were told one price and when they went to pick them up there were additional charges were tacked on," explained Steve Bernas from the Better Business Bureau.But there were changes in the BBB report in mid-October, a month after the I-Team reached out Kapas. The BBB says since Kapas is now responding so his grade is "under review."The BBB says consumers were provided a "goodwill compensation" from Kapas.Kapas declined an on-camera interview but denied wrongdoing, said customers were satisfied and added, "our goal...is to bring respectful resolution to the matters".He claimed he sent Thome a letter offering her over $700-worth of portraits, which is still available to her. Kapas also said he sent Thome a free CD with pictures on it, valued at over $2,000. But Thome said she hasn't received a thing.After the I-Team became involved, Sisay said he did end up getting a CD with pictures on it, but he said he didn't get final prints. Kapas claimed that CD is valued at almost $1,900.And the ordeal has had an impact on Sisay's daughter as well."She didn't want to go to any photographers after that, she lost trust," he said.When getting professional pictures taken, you should get specifics in a contract which includes a final price, make sure the contract spells out the exact dates when the pictures will actually be done, and pay with a credit card. When you use a debit card you can still dispute a charge, but it can take time for the money to be refunded to your checking account.
"I joined to pay for college, and I've stayed for the travel and the people," said Sgt. Nicolla White, as she spoke to why she joined the Army.White is currently deployed to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait as a human resources non-commissioned officer with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa. The 316th ESC mission in Kuwait is to support the 1st Theater Sustainment Command mission of providing logistics support throughout the CENTCOM area of operations. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082967 VIRIN: 161208-A-PF724-026 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 6.76 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anyone who tried to take a New Year's Day walk yesterday will know how miserable the weather was.
It rained for most of the day and temperatures were mostly below 5C.
Today might be brighter and sunnier, but it's bitterly cold at around 2C, with an ice warning issued for the morning of Tuesday, January 3 by the Met Office.
Met Office issues warning of ice for Cambridgeshire
Temperatures overnight are set to plummet as low as -2C.
So how likely is it that these freezing conditions will bring snow along with them?
A spokesperson for the Met Office said there was only a 'small chance' of snow in the region in January.
She explained that cold air coming in from the north could bring the white stuff to some parts of the country, but this was only likely to happen on higher ground.
Cambridgeshire is more likely to see a January of reasonably settled weather conditions, alternating bright cold days with milder, wetter ones.
"We are probably going see more frosts overnight," said the Met Office spokesperson.
Temperatures will stay low for most of this week, but Friday could be milder, with temperatures reaching 10 or 11C.
However, higher temperatures are likely to bring more rain, meaning that New Year's Day was a taste of things to come.
Who we are
Who we will become
What we will accomplish in our days, and in our lives
How deep our relationships are
And ultimately what we value most
Be Where You Are: In Mind And Body
Good Things Are A Dime-A-Dozen
Always Take The Higher Road
Be Who You Ideally Want To Become, Today
Give Everything To The Things That Truly Matter, And Forget About Everything Else
Become The Master Of Your Mind
Take-Aways:
Work on being more aware of what you're doing. Catch yourself disengaging. If you're with people, leave your phone in your car, or in a drawer, or somewhere it doesn't tempt you. Work on being where you are, and embracing the moments.
Take time to write down your core values and goals. Consider Stephen Covey's advice and imagine your 80th birthday party. Who do you want to be at the end of your life? What will you have wanted to accomplish? This vision determines what is good, better, and best in your life. Once you know what you want, it becomes painfully obvious what you don't want.Thus, you won't be seduced by the many good things in life distracting you from the better and best.
When given an option, choose the harder right. As we can learn from Steve Jobs, standards aren't for bending. Consistently walk the higher road and you will be transformed internally and externally.
Remove the things in your life that get in the way of the "best" things. Or, be highly thoughtful about how you keep these things in your life. You don't have much time on this planet.
Become the master of your thoughts. When you catch yourself mindlessly wandering, or going places counter to your values and goals, stop yourself. Memorize a poem, quote, scripture, or song that brings clarity and light to you. Whenever you have a negative or unhelpful thought, recite or ponder your memorized friend. Then, reflect on your values and goals. Eventually, you'll get better - even automatic - at thinking about the things you want to think about. Your thoughts are what create your reality.
Skies were clear early Monday morning in Chicago. But conditions were very different on this day 18 years ago.A blizzard that hit the city on Jan. 2, 1999, was one of the worst in Chicago history. The storm dumped a total of 21.6 inches of snow on the city over two days. The one-day total for Jan. 2 was about 17 inches of snow.The blizzard paralyzed the city. Immediately after that storm, the Chicago area saw temperatures below zero.But that's nothing like what people will experience on Monday, when high temperatures will be near 40 degrees. Clouds moved in late Monday morning and conditions were expected to remain dry until the early afternoon, ABC7 Meteorologist Tracy Butler said.Rain was expected to move into the south and southwest suburbs around 12:30 p.m. and move north by around 3 p.m. The rain will taper off around 7 p.m. spotty drizzle and foggy conditions are expected overnight.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was forced off with a knee injury in Liverpool's Champions League clash with Roma.
The 24-year-old was seen writhing around on the pitch in pain a quarter of an hour into the semi-final, after falling awkwardly challenging former Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov for the ball.
The England international was replaced by Georginio Wijnaldum, as he received treatment on the side of the Anfield pitch. Oxlade-Chamberlain was then taken off on a stretcher to a round of applause from everyone inside the packed stadium.
The former Arsenal midfielder has been a stand-out player for the Reds this season, following his £35million summer move.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
He netted the goal of the game in Liverpool's 3-0 win over Premier League champions Manchester City in the quarter-final.
Jurgen Klopp won't be alone in hoping Oxlade-Chamberlain's injury isn't a serious one, what with the World Cup just around the corner.
Gareth Southgate will consider the 24-year-old to be a key part of his plans in Russia this summer, and will want the midfielder fighting fit for the start of the tournament.
TWO Tweed residents are on the adventure of a lifetime.
Experienced sailors Pat Miller and Bill Fenelon flew to Auckland over the weekend as part of a consortium to take over ownership of the former navy dive tender vessel HMNZS Manawanui.
The vessel, which had been decommissioned by the Royal New Zealand Navy, was handed over to the Major Projects Foundation, of which the Tweed sailors are members, on Monday, with the crew due to begin sailing it back to Newcastle, Australia, where it will undergo a total refit.
The HMNZS Manawanui. Contributed
Once completed, the vessel will be ready to begin her new life conserving maritime heritage and helping Micronesian communities.
"It's the classic friend of a friend story," Mr Miller said before departing.
"Demolition company Major Projects tendered for the vessel on behalf of a group of sailing mates with no real expectation of winning it.
"Bill Fenelon (now master of the vessel) and myself (crew member) were swept up in the project through our love of the sea and thirst for playing with big grey things that once went 'bang'."
But Mr Miller said the foundation, who the local lads are donating their time and skill to, had a serious project in mind.
"Throughout the south Pacific there are over 3000 shipwrecks in various stages of corrosion," he said.
"The group of mates had known of this for some time and have been working with researchers worldwide to determine how much oil is left. With that came the realisation that the threat to reefs and island state economies could be enormous. So the Major Projects Foundation was born to undertake the research and counter the threat."
Photos View Photo Gallery
The Tweed sailors will be joined by a crew of 15 experienced sailors who will drive the shop home.
Once refitted, the former HMNZS Manawanui (which translates as 'Big Heart') means will undertake a shake-down voyage up the Queensland coast before engaging with researchers and oceanographers in earnest.
But Mr Miller, who lives at Byrrill Creek and drove the marketing of this year's Murwillumbah Art Trail, lamented they would not be able to get the ship under the Condong Bridge for a visit to Murwillumbah as part of the festival next year.
"All the other bridges might be a problem too," he said.
By ERIC A. POWELL
Monday, August 14, 2017
Carved into the chalk of a hillside in southern England, the Uffington White Horse is utterly unique. Stretching 360 feet from head to tail, it is the only prehistoric geoglyph—a large-scale design created using elements of the natural landscape—known in Europe. “There's just nothing like it,” says University of Southampton archaeologist Joshua Pollard, who points to the Nazca lines in Peru as the closest parallel. Pollard says that because the site is so anomalous, researchers have resisted grappling with its distinct nature. As a consequence, few new interpretations of the site have been advanced since the early twentieth century. “Archaeologists are tripped up by things that are unique,” says Pollard, “and the White Horse has thrown us.” But now, after making a close study of the site and its relationship to the landscape around it, Pollard has developed a theory that connects the Uffington Horse with an ancient mythological tradition.
Stories about the White Horse have been recorded since medieval times. One popular legend had it being carved in celebration of an Anglo-Saxon victory over a Viking army in A.D. 875. But excavations in the 1990s yielded dates that showed it was created much earlier, during the Late Bronze Age or the Iron Age, sometime between 1380 and 550 B.C. Most archaeologists have thought that the site was probably a symbol that signaled a prehistoric group's ownership of the land—their attempt at creating a landmark that was meant to impress outsiders. But Pollard did not find that idea wholly persuasive. “It doesn't really work that way,” he says. “For one, the way it's positioned makes it difficult to see the whole geoglyph from the surrounding landscape.” Pollard found that there are other hillside locations in the immediate vicinity that are much more visible, and where creating a totemic image meant to symbolize a group's identity would have made more sense.
Pollard usually works on sites dating to the Neolithic, a period when people erected large monuments, such as Stonehenge, that were often aligned with astronomical events. That experience led him to wonder if the Uffington Horse could have been designed along similar lines, and he investigated how the geoglyph was positioned relative to celestial bodies. He found that when observed from a hill opposite, in midwinter, the sun rises behind the horse, and as the day progresses, seems to gain on the horse and finally pass it. From the same vantage point, at all times of the year, the horse appears to be galloping along the ridge in a westerly direction, toward the sunset.
Both the form and the setting of the site led Pollard to conclude that the White Horse was originally created as a depiction of a “solar horse,” a creature found in the mythology of many ancient Indo-European cultures. These people believed that the sun either rode a horse or was drawn by one in a chariot across the sky. Depictions of horses drawing this so-called solar chariot have been unearthed in Scandinavia, and Celtic coins often show horses associated with the sun. “The White Horse is depicted as a horse in motion, and the people who created it must have thought that it was responsible for the sun's movement across the sky,” says Pollard. He posits that the geoglyph was not a static symbol, but an animated creature on the landscape, one that connected ancient Britons with the sun. “I've always wondered why it seems the White Horse was meant to be seen from the sky,” says Alistair Barclay of Wessex Archaeology, who was a member of the team that worked at the site in the 1990s. “I think this explanation—that it is tied to the sun—makes sense.”
Over time, though its original purpose was lost, local people maintained a connection with the White Horse that ensured its continued existence. “If it weren't maintained, the White Horse would be overgrown and disappear in 20 years,” says Andrew Foley, a ranger with the National Trust, which oversees the site. Historical records indicate the local community has long held regular festivals devoted to maintaining the site. In 1854, some 30,000 people attended. Now, each summer, a few hundred local volunteers weed the White Horse and then crush fresh chalk on top of it so that it keeps the same brilliant white appearance it has had for 3,000 years. The site, as it must have throughout millennia, continues to be meaningful to the people around it.
