The unspoilt, if car-cluttered, market town of Malton is best known for its 30 racing stables; but in recent years it has promoted itself as “Yorkshire's Food Capital”.
Its food offering will not tempt jockeys to stray from their chosen path of abstinence
Wedged into the main thoroughfare, accurately named Wheelgate, Suddaby's Crown Hotel is firmly part of the old Malton. Extending no further than potato crisps, its food offering will not tempt jockeys to stray from their chosen path of abstinence.
Conversation in the bar is dominated by racing talk. “Frankie'll win.” “Aye, going's very soft.” One gent vociferously addressed the TV, tuned to the racing: “Go on, Ryan! Go on, Ryan!” (Unplaced.)
A pint of Double Chance (3.8 per cent), light and refreshing, slipped down easily under the gaze of jockeys sketched by Spy a century ago. Brewed for the pub by Leeds Brewery, the beer is named after the winner of the 1925 Grand National, trained by Fred Archer Jr, a family friend. “Silks worn by his uncle, the famous jockey Fred Archer, hang in our shop,” said Neil Suddaby. “He blew his brains out in 1886. Very tall man. Couldn't cope with the constant dieting.”
The latest in a long line of Suddabys to run the Crown (“Five generations of lunatics”), Neil has inherited the family's equine obsession, fortunately with lucrative results. “We would have closed down years ago but for betting. I won yesterday with Laugh a Minute at Doncaster. £30 each way at 22-1.”
The Crown's unpersuasive wood-effect wallpaper is staying put, Neil stressed. “My mother put that wood up and I'm not taking it down. I know what's under it.” An impressive array of ancient tin signs (“Cooper's Dipping Powder: The Perfect Sheep Dip”, “Big Loaf Yeast: Best Value in British Yeast”), that were once used to cover holes in the floor, would have my friend Andy, who has recreated a Victorian bar in his London living room, reaching for his screwdriver.
By way of farewell, Neil gave Pint to Pint readers a tip for the Cesarewitch next Saturday. “A horse called Dubawi Fifty looks promising.” If you win, you could buy Neil a drink – but only wine. “Beer brings me out in a rash.”
12 Wheelgate, Malton, N Yorks YO17 7HP
01653 692038; suddabys.co.uk
Apple is giving us an early look at some of the new emoji coming to iOS 11.1 beta next week. Get ready to express yourself with a Brachiosaurus, Chinese takeout, foul mouth smilies, and more.
Apple showed off more than 30 of the new emoji it's adding from Unicode 10 on Friday. You'll need iOS 11.1 beta to try them out and there isn't any word yet on when the public release for the update is coming.
There's also a mermaid, fall-themed items, a fairy, the ASL sign for “I love you,” pie, a hedgehog, genderless people, and more.
And now you know every time Spider-Man shoots a web he's saying “I love you.”
One million residents, visitors, spectators, athletes and media will be part of the sporting and cultural experience of the Glasgow 2018 European Championships, organisers have claimed with 100 days to go until the event.
Glasgow and Germany's capital Berlin are scheduled to co-host the first-ever combined European Championships from August 2 to 12.
More than 3,000 athletes from 52 nations will travel to Scotland as part of an overall delegation of 8,500 including media and officials.
Glasgow will host six sports - aquatics, cycling, golf, gymnastics, rowing and triathlon - while Berlin will stage athletics.
As well as the boost to visitor numbers, coverage of the sporting action in 12 iconic venues will be broadcast to a potential television audience of up to 1.03 billion, it is claimed.
It is promised Festival 2018 will offer more than 100 "unmissable" performances as part of a world-class arts and culture programme being staged in Glasgow's George Square, Merchant City, Stirling, East Dunbartonshire and Edinburgh.
"GO LIVE!" at The Green, meanwhile, will offer young people, families and communities have-a-go sporting and healthy living activities alongside innovative arts, family entertainment and the best in Scottish food and drink.
"The European Championships will showcase all that Scotland has to offer to every visitor and spectator, both in Glasgow as the host city and at the other venues across the country," Fiona Hyslop, the Cabinet Secretary for Culture, Tourism and External Affairs, said.
"The combined offer of elite sport and the thriving cultural programme and will make sure that we put on a show to remember further enhancing Scotland's reputation as the perfect stage for major events."
Depute leader of Glasgow City Council, Councillor David McDonald, added: "The Glasgow 2018 European Championships will be at the very heart of a bumper summer of culture and sport in our city - and will boost the 2.3 million tourists that already choose to explore Glasgow each year.
"This August, visitors from all over Europe will experience our famous warm welcome and find out why people make Glasgow a world-leading destination and unbeatable host for major international events.
"Glasgow 2018 will further strengthen Glasgow's reputation as one of the world's top five Ultimate Sports Cities, with sport contributing £370 million ($516 million/€423 million) to the local economy on an annual basis."
It is claimed the 2018 European Championships will boost the 2.3 million tourists that already choose to explore Glasgow each year ©Glasgow 2018/People Make Glasgow
Venues for Glasgow 2018 include the SSE Hydro, which will host gymnastics
Golf will be staged at the famous Jack Nicklaus-designed Gleneagles Centenary Course, while diving will be held at Edinburgh's Commonwealth Pool.
Television viewers across the continent will have the chance to see Scotland's beautiful scenery through coverage of cycling's road race and time trial events, and open water swimming at Loch Lomond and The Trossachs National Park.
Local residents and communities, meanwhile, can watch from their doorsteps for free.
"Glasgow has a huge experience in staging world-class events including the Commonwealth Games in 2014," Berlin 2018 chief executive Frank Kowalski said.
"We are convinced that hosting six out of seven sports at the inaugural European Championships in Glasgow will be a tremendous success and enhance all individual Championships.
"Athletes, fans and the media will profit from this multi-sport event and the great experience of staging the event in Scotland and Germany.
"We wish Glasgow 2018 all the best for the last 100 days to go and of course for the staging of this event from August 2 to 12, 2018."
Last week, it was revealed a "European Mile" area in the heart of Berlin will offer sporting and cultural events as part of the 2018 European Athletics Championships.
Breitscheidplatz square will be transformed from August 7 until 12 to accommodate the finish of the marathon and walking events.
It will also host the men's shot put qualification and nightly victory ceremonies.
Medals will be awarded in the host city centre for the first time since the Championships began in 1934.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Two days before his Pretty Girls Like Trap project, 2 Chainz offered the world a taste of what to expect over Kendrick Lamar's “DNA.” He spat over the DAMN standout during a freestyle session with Power 106's LA Leakers. Chainz is known for a trademark flow, but for the three-minute-long freestyle he adopted Kendrick's unique delivery over the Mike Will Made-It production.
Co-opting Duckworth's hook to proclaim, “Mac eleven and the crack I'm sellin in my DNA,” he swags over the moody soundscape with typical Chainisms such as “paper plates was my dinner plates you ‘prolly can't relate” and “this ain't Santa Claus when I'm comin' with the toys.”He even finds time to plug his upcoming mixtape, due which is due on June 16th, before shouting out Kendrick as the “illest one doing it.”
That may be true, but 2 Chainz is doing his thing too. Not only did parts of this freestyle appear to be an actual off-the-top rhyme, he's set to showcase his raw with an upcoming Statik Selektah project in which the artist known as Tity Boy is said to be rapping “like he's from Brooklyn.” Time will tell how accurate that is, or when it's coming, but we know one thing — Pretty Girls Like Trap, but most all hip-hop heads love dope rhymes over cold beats.
Patrick Hickey has criticised Justice Cearbhall Moran's report into the Olympic Council of Ireland's (OCI) ticket controversy at Rio 2016 as the document cleared him of any criminal wrongdoing.
Hickey, a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), claims the report contains "significant inaccuracies".
The 226-page document, due to be published later today, alleges that there was a "failure by so many principal participants" to co-operate with the inquiry, including Hickey, the IOC and Rio 2016.
Moran's report also admits there may be "information significant to issues herein of which the inquiry is unaware by reason of the silence of the parties not participating".
In response, Hickey claimed that he was told not to help with the investigation pending the outcome of Brazilian proceedings against him, launched after he was arrested during the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
The former OCI President has still not been put on trial in Brazil.
Despite the allegations against him in the South American country - reportedly including criminal organisation, ticket touting, ambush marketing, larceny, money laundering and tax evasion - the 72-year-old has always denied the charges and said he is "looking forward to resuming my international Olympic duties".
"I have read the report of Judge Carroll Moran S.C. and while the report contains significant inaccuracies I am pleased to see my reputation and good name have been cleared in that there is no allegation of criminality or financial impropriety," Hickey said in a statement sent to insidethegames.
"The report contains significant flaws and inaccurate assumptions.
"Because of the ongoing trial in Brazil now is not the time to address these serious inaccuracies, in time I propose on the proclamation of my innocence to address all issues.
"Regrettably the Moran Inquiry has failed to include the full suite of correspondence between my solicitors and the Moran Inquiry that addressed all of the issues in dispute."
In a continuation of their bitter dispute, Hickey blames Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport Shane Ross for the cost of the report, thought to be €312,765 (£284,000/$369,000) since the inquiry began in September of last year.
Patrick Hickey was arrested during the Rio 2016 Olympic Games ©Getty Images
"On the 16th of August 2016 a procedure was agreed as and between the OCI, the Chairman of Sport Ireland and Minister Ross whereby a committee of inquiry comprising representatives to include the Assistant Secretary of the Minister's Department would be empowered and entitled to look into the subject matter of the remit of the Moran Inquiry," Hickey said.
"Had this procedure been implemented it would have resulted in substantial saving to the Irish taxpayer, the OCI and other participants in the Moran Inquiry to include myself.
"It is regrettable that the Minister did not bring to the attention of Dail Eireann the procedure he agreed on in or around the 16th of August 2016."
Hickey was arrested during the Olympic Games on August 17 and is currently at home in Ireland waiting to find out whether he will ever stand trial.
Moran employed forensic lawyers to study the OCI's accountancy practices and did not find any mismanagement of funds.
The report is critical, however, that a sterling bank account set up with Lloyds Bank before London 2012 continued to be used by the OCI after those Olympic Games.
Moran also claims that Hickey was more concerned with the commercial arrangements of the OCI's deal with ticketing company THG, owned by Britain's Marcus Evans, than ensuring that supporters from Ireland wanting to attend the Olympic Games were properly serviced.
The report claimed that the deal with THG had been worth approximately €1.6 million (£1.4 million/$1.9 million) since 2010.
Hickey is criticised for a number of governance issues, including failing to keep proper records of all meetings of the OCI Executive Committee.
An annual honorarium of €60,000 (£54,000/$71,000) paid by the OCI to Hickey is also questioned.
"At all times I acted in the best interests of the Olympic Council of Ireland with a view to maximising revenue for the Olympic Council of Ireland which in turn was channelled into the management of current and future Olympic athletes in Ireland," said Hickey.
"Sponsorship is the lifeblood of sport and more particularly successful Olympic participation.
"At the time I announced my retirement in January 2016 and subsequent thereto I left a credit amount in the bank account of the Olympic Council of Ireland to the order of €2.5 million (£2.2 million/$3 million)."
More follows
“Football throws up strange results”.
Those were the words of David Moyes as he looked ahead to today's confrontation with high-flying Liverpool.
For Sunderland to get any sort of result against Jurgen Klopp's title chasers, you would expect it to be the strangest result of the season.
Sunderland have done it before on a New Year – who can forget Ji Dong-won's injury-time winner over Premier League leaders Manchester City on the first day of 2012?
But this will take some turnaround by the current Black Cats, whose injury woes grew further in the 4-1 weekend hiding at Burnley, with Lamine Kone and Victor Anichebe limping off with hamstring trouble.
“We're going to have to defend much better,” said Moyes who lamented Sunderland's failure to deal with “good-old fashioned English football”.
“It'll be a different type of game, but we've got to quickly get ourselves ready and prepare for that.
“Football sometimes throws up strange results at times and we've got to hope there's a strange result thrown up this week.
“[Liverpool is not a great game to be going into], but sometimes football can throw things up.
“We have to find a way of overcoming Liverpool, who have got a lot of strengths at the moment.
“We have to defend better than that because we've got forward players who, given some good service, are technically able to score goals.”
Moyes and his squad were back in at the Stadium of Light yesterday to check on the wounded and to get a team assembled to play Liverpool (3pm kick-off). “We need to see who's fit and available, dust them down and go again.”
Kone will be a major doubt on two fronts – firstly his injury, and secondly, the Cats boss has yet to learn if Ivory Coast will let him stay until after the Reds clash.
“We're waiting on the answer,” said Moyes, who will have Gabon's Didier Ndong and Tunisia's Wahbi Khazri available.
“We're hoping the Ivory Coast will allow us to keep him, but the truth is we haven't had the answer yet.
“The others have been given permission to stay for the game.”
AP Photo/Andrew Harnik
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Department of Veterans Affairs warned Wednesday it was unexpectedly running out of money for a program that offers veterans private-sector health care, forcing it to hold back on some services that lawmakers worry could cause delays in medical treatment.
It is making an urgent request to Congress to allow it to shift money from other programs to fill the sudden budget gap.
VA Secretary David Shulkin made the surprising revelation at a Senate hearing. He cited a shortfall of more than $1 billion in the Choice program due to increased demand from veterans for federally-paid medical care outside the VA. The VA had previously assured Congress that funding for Choice would last until early next year.
“We need your help on the best solution to get more money into the Choice account,” Shulkin told the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee. “If there is no action at all by Congress, then the Choice program will dry up by mid-August.”
The department began instructing VA medical centers late last week to limit the number of veterans it sent to private doctors so it can slow spending in the Choice account. Some veterans were being sent to Defense Department hospitals, VA facilities located farther away, or other alternative locations “when care is not offered in VA,” according to a June 7 internal VA memorandum.
The VA is also scrambling to tap other parts of its budget, including about $620 million in carry-over money that it had set aside for use in the next fiscal year beginning Oct. 1. It was asking field offices to hold off on spending for certain medical equipment to help cover costs, according to a call the department held with several congressional committees Tuesday night.
It did not rule out taking money from VA hospitals.
Shulkin on Wednesday insisted that veterans will not see an impact in their health care. He blamed in part the department's excessive use of an exception in the Choice program that allowed veterans to go to private doctors if they faced an “excessive burden” in traveling to a VA facility. Typically, Choice restricts use of private doctors only when veterans must wait 30 days or more for an appointment or drive more than 40 miles to a facility.
Medical centers were now being asked to hew more closely to Choice's restrictions before sending veterans to private doctors, Shulkin said.
He described the shortfall in the Choice program as mostly logistical, amounting to different checking accounts within the VA that needed to be combined to meet various payments.
Some senators were in disbelief.
They noted that VA had failed to anticipate or fix budget problems many times before. Two years ago, the VA endured sharp criticism from Congress when it was forced to seek emergency help to cover a $2.5 billion budget shortfall due in part to expensive hepatitis C treatments, or face closing some VA hospitals. Congress allowed VA to shift money from its Choice account.
“I am deeply concerned,” said Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., explaining that VA should have “seen this coming.” She said veterans in her state were already reporting delays in care and being asked to travel to VA facilities more than 4 hours away.
Sen. Jon Tester of Montana, the top Democrat on the panel, expressed impatience.
“For months we've been asking about the Choice spend rate and we were never provided those answers to make an informed decision,” he said. “No one wants to delay care for veterans – no one – so we will act appropriately. For that to happen this late in the game is frustrating to me.”
Major veterans' organizations said they worried the shortfall was the latest sign of poor budget planning.
Carl Blake, an associate executive director at Paralyzed Veterans of America, said the VA has yet to address how it intends to address a growing appeals backlog as well as increased demands for care. “The VA could be staring at a huge hole in its budget for 2018,” he said. “It's not enough to say we have enough money, that we can move it around. That is simply not true.”
The shortfall surfaced just weeks after lawmakers were still being assured the Choice program was under budget, with $1.1 billion estimated to be left over in the account on Aug. 7, when the program was originally set to expire. That VA estimate prompted Congress to pass legislation last March to extend the program until the Choice money ran out.
Shulkin said he learned about the shortfall just last Thursday.
Currently, more than 30 percent of VA appointments are made in the private sector, up from fewer than 20 percent in 2014, as the VA's 1,700 health facilities struggle to meet growing demands for medical care. During the 2016 campaign, President Donald Trump criticized the VA for long wait times and mismanagement, pledging to give veterans more choice in seeing outside providers.
—
Follow Hope Yen on Twitter at https://twitter.com/hopeyen1
Comments
comments
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Montrezl Harrell scored 17 points and the Los Angeles Clippers rallied over the final 3:21 to beat Toronto 96-91 on Monday night and snap the Raptors' six-game winning streak.
DeAndre Jordan had 14 points and 17 rebounds for the Clippers. Their bench outscored Toronto's reserves 50-17, led by Harrell and Lou Williams, who also had 17 points.
Milos Teodosic scored 12 points in his return after missing 22 games with a left foot injury. His 3-pointer with 40 seconds left extended the Clippers' lead to 91-87.
Jordan fouled Kyle Lowry in the lane, and he made 1 of 2 free throws to close the Raptors to 91-88.
Williams made two free throws before C.J. Miles hit a 3-pointer from the right corner that closed the Raptors to 93-91.
But the Clippers made 3 of 4 free throws to hang on for their second win in a row.
Jonas Valanciunas had 23 points and 15 rebounds, and Serge Ibaka added 17 points for the Raptors, who led by 13 points in the first half.
The Raptors were up 81-74 early in the fourth on seven straight points, including consecutive baskets by Valanciunas.
Teodosic and Austin Rivers hit 3-pointers and Sam Dekker made a pair of free throws to pull the Clippers into an 82-all tie. They tied it again at 84-all on Dekker's baseline shovel pass to Jordan, who dunked.
Harrell ran off the Clippers' first nine points of the second quarter, cutting their deficit from 13 points to four. He scored 13 in the period, and the Clippers trailed 53-51 at halftime.
TIP-INS
Raptors: They fell to 2-1 in the second game of a back-to-back.
Clippers: F Danilo Gallinari has a strained glute, similar to the injury that sidelined him for 13 games recently. He took a hard fall in the fourth quarter against Washington last weekend, when he scored a season-high 25 points, and is expected to be out a few games. ... USC basketball coach Andy Enfield and his wife sat courtside.
UP NEXT
Raptors: Visit Phoenix on Wednesday in the conclusion of their four-game trip.
Clippers: Open a four-game trip in Orlando on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Investigators are looking into whether gunman Stephen Paddock scoped out bigger music festivals in Las Vegas and Chicago — and perhaps Boston's Fenway Park — before setting up his perch in a casino hotel and raining deadly fire on country music fans.
Paddock booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing his movements before he undertook the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
It was not clear if he contemplated massacres at those sites.
Investigators looking into Paddock also came across mention of Fenway Park, Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy said, though he provided no further details.
The details came to light as investigators struggled to figure out why the high-stakes gambler opened fire on a crowd of 22,000 Sunday night from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino in Las Vegas. He killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 before taking his own life.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
Authorities previously disclosed Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in his car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
In the meantime, Las Vegas police announced Thursday that they had found a Hyundai Tuscon they had been searching for as part of the probe while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno that Paddock shared with his girlfriend, Marilou Danley. It wasn't immediately clear if the car was found on Thursday or earlier in the week when police searched the home and found several guns and ammunition.
Paddock had an arsenal of 23 weapons in his hotel room. A dozen of them included "bump stocks," attachments that can effectively convert semi-automatic rifles into fully automated weapons.
In a rare concession on gun control, the National Rifle Association announced its support Thursday for regulating the devices.
Danley told FBI agents Wednesday she had not noticed any changes in his mental state or indications he could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to her native Philippines before the attack, and she was unaware of his plans and devastated when she learned of the carnage while overseas, she said in a statement.
Investigators combing through his background for clues remain stumped as to his motive.
The profile developed so far is of a "disturbed and dangerous" man who acquired an arsenal over decades, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said. But investigators have been frustrated to find that he lived a "secret life," Lombardo said, "much of which will never be fully understood."
A former executive casino host at the Atlantis Casino Resort and Spa in Reno said Paddock had a "god complex" and expected quick service without regard to how busy the staff was at the time.
"He liked everybody to think that he was the guy," John Weinreich said. "He didn't boast about anything he had or anything. It was just his demeanor. It was like, 'I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long.' "
The weekend before the massacre, he rented a room through Airbnb at the 21-story Ogden condominiums in downtown Las Vegas and stayed there during a music festival below that included Chance the Rapper, Muse, Lorde and Blink-182.
"Reasons that ran through Paddock's mind is unknown, but it was directly at the same time as Life Is Beautiful," the sheriff said.
Police were reviewing video shot at the high-rise to check Paddock's movements. His renting the condo was curious because, as a high-roller, he could have easily gotten a free room at one of the casino hotels on the Vegas Strip.
In early August, Paddock booked a room at Chicago's 21-story Blackstone Hotel that overlooked the park where the Lollapalooza alternative music festival was being held, though there's no evidence he actually stayed there, a law enforcement official said Thursday.
The official was not authorized to discuss the case publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity after being briefed on the investigation.
The hotel confirmed a Stephen Paddock made a reservation but said he never checked in.
Lollapalooza draws hundreds of thousands of music fans every year to Grant Park.
Although Paddock killed himself as a SWAT team closed in, the sheriff said it appeared he had planned to survive and had an escape plan. Lombardo would not elaborate on the plan.
The coroner's office in Las Vegas would not release details of its autopsy on Paddock. Some behavioral experts have wondered whether he suffered from some kind of brain abnormality or had a terminal illness that prompted him to lash out.
___
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago; Alanna Durkin Richer in Boston; Jonathan J. Cooper in Reno; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas; and Sadie Gurman and Erica Werner in Washington contributed to this report.
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting .
AP Photo/Peter Kemp
NEW YORK (AP) — Anita Pallenberg, a model and actress who had children with Keith Richards and served as a muse for The Rolling Stones, has died. She was 75.
A spokesperson for Richards told The Associated Press that Pallenberg died Tuesday at St. Richard's Hospital in the city of Chichester, located in southeast England. The cause of death was not revealed, but the statement released Wednesday said Pallenberg “had been ill for some time” and that her family was by her side.
“A most remarkable woman. Always in my heart,” Richards said in a statement.
Pallenberg was born on April 6, 1942. She served as inspiration for the Stones' “Miss Amanda Jones” and “You Got the Silver.”
She appeared in films like “Barbarella,” ”Candy,” ”Le Berceau de Cristal” and “Performance,” which included Mick Jagger.
Pallenberg first dated the late Brian Jones of the Stones, but later dated Richards, with whom she had three children (their youngest son died months after he was born).
Pallenberg said in an interview with The Guardian in 2008 that she didn't want to write her autobiography because publishers wanted dirt and drama about the Stones.
“I had several publishers and they were all the same. They all wanted salacious,” she said.
Pallenberg will be cremated and a memorial service is being planned. She is survived by a son, a daughter and five grandchildren.
.
Comments
comments
BERLIN (AP) — German lawmakers are taking part in a special parliamentary session commemorating the victims of the Holocaust, those who helped the persecuted and others who resisted Adolf Hitler's tyranny.
After lawmakers stood for a minute of silence, parliament speaker Wolfgang Schaeuble told them Wednesday that Hitler had easily turned "racial ideology into public policy." He said the lesson is that there must be "consistent opposition to any form of exclusion before it is too late."
Schaeuble says "it was all about us and the others, and the others did not belong, were not allowed to belong."
International Holocaust Remembrance Day fell this year on Saturday, 73 years after the Soviet army liberated the Auschwitz death camp in occupied Poland.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) -- Perrion Callandret had 23 points on 10-of-14 shooting and Idaho led the entire way in an 81-58 victory over Sacramento State on Saturday night.
Victor Sanders hit a 3 with 3:29 left that sparked a late 9-0 run to help the Vandals (16-7, 8-3 Big Sky) secure their third win in a row and sixth in the last seven.
Idaho doubled up the Hornets (6-17, 3-7) in the first half for a 40-20 lead at the break. Sacramento State scored the first nine points of the second half, but didn't cut the deficit into single digits until a 10-0 run made it 59-50 with seven minutes left. That was as close as they would get.
Brayon Blake added 16 points, Chad Sherwood scored 12 and Jordan Scott 11 for Idaho, which made 10 of 21 from 3-point range.
Joshua Patton led Sacramento State with 16 points. Justin Strings scored 13 and Jeff Wu 11.
While Colin Kaepernick and Eric Reid are taking a knee during the National Anthem to address police brutality, DC Comics used their CW television show, Supergirl, to take on the issue.
During season 3's 19th episode, Supergirl uses a Black superhero to spark a conversation about police treatment of Blacks in America. To help bring this storyline to light, the network tapped actor Mehcad Brooks (The Game, True Blood) to portray James Olsen (also known as Jimmy Olsen), who DC Comics' fans best know as a spirited photographer, and one of Superman's closest allies.
All grown up, Jimmy's no longer the plucky photographer that held Superman as his primary lens. In fact, he's now the magazine editor and head of CatCo Media. And while he reports the news by day, he takes on the persona of DC Superhero Guardian at night. Much like Batman and Captain America, Guardian has no superpowers of his own, but he still takes on gods and monsters.
[Editor's Note: Guardian was actually created by the same creator of Captain America].
In the clip above, James Olsen (Brooks) is unmasked while preventing the kidnapping of a Black girl named Tanya. When the police arrive, they automatically assume Olsen is the threat while the Caucasian characters on screen — although recently being disarmed — are considered to be in danger — a tale frequently seen in the Black community.
Although Tanya screams out, “This is Guardian!” the police order Guardian to get on his knees and ask the white characters if they're okay. But as the officers get momentarily distracted, Superman's closet ally throws a smoke bomb and grabs Tanya to safety.
In order for the bad guys of the week to recover Tanya, they threaten to oust Olsen out as Guardian. Although the fear of unmasking is a typical theme in comics, James has significantly different fears of being exposed. He addresses the fact that even though he is a known hero in National City, no one knows he's Black. Despite anytime he has helped Supergirl saved the world, which is multiple times if we're being honest, the perception of being considered a vigilante or criminal comes into play because of his race.
When James' girlfriend, Lena Luthor — sister to Superman's arch nemesis Lex Luthor — says she will stand by him, he explains that she doesn't understand what he's going through.
During a scene in the next room, Olsen narrates an emotional story from his childhood that many African Americans can identify with. James reminisces about he and his cousin playing hide-and-go-seek while on vacation with his parents at a 5-star hotel. He's remembering trying to find somewhere to hide to being blinded by police lights and questioned if he belongs here.
The altercation goes from bad to worse than Olsen and his cousin are placed in handcuffs at 7 years old. Olsen recalls being so small that the handcuffs had to be clasped around his forearms because his wrists were too small. With tears streaming down his face, James recounts being ushered into the hotel alongside his cousin so that hotel staff could verify they belonged there. Once the hotel staff confirmed that the two boys did in fact belong there, James' moms started screaming to get the cuffs off her boy.
As the episode draws to a close, Olsen tells Supergirl that one day he will come out as Guardian. His explanation? That young girls like Tanya (aka Black youth) need to see someone that looks like them stand for justice and do what is right.
Supergirl‘s attempt to address social and racial issues is one of Hollywood's many (and latest) attempts to tackle ongoing injustices. This is significant in a political climate where White House and GOP members refuse to acknowledge there is an issue with the policing of Blacks in America.
The question we must ask ourselves is, “Why are fictional entertainment properties doing a better job of discussing police brutality than elected officials?”
BERLIN (AP) — German airline Lufthansa says it's agreed to an arbitrator's proposal for a new wage agreement for its 5,400 pilots, signaling an end to a lengthy and bitter dispute.
The airline, Germany's largest, said Wednesday it agreed to a four-stage 8.7 percent total wage increase, and a one-off 30 million euro ($31.7 million) payment that would translate to some 5,000 to 6,000 euros per employee.
The new agreement will be in place until the end of 2019.
The Cockpit union had been staging strikes sporadically since April 2014, costing Lufthansa multiple millions, before the two sides agreed to arbitration on December.
Cockpit, which had no immediate comment, had sought raises of 3.66 percent a year going back 5 years.
As I was tooling around town listening to SiriusXM Satellite Radio today, I was unable to hear parts of songs – or worse, large portions of stand-up comedy from John Mulaney – so I figured I better do a followup to the reception-problem column I wrote a few months ago.
Here's what has transpired since that previous column: absolutely nothing.
Unfortunately, I put the issue on the backburner for a few reasons … primarily that reception in my area seemed to improve for a time … but now it seems it is as bad as ever.
Perhaps worse. Time to follow up.
Here are the zones in which I personally experience consistent reception troubles with both the original XM satellites and repeaters, as well as the newer SiriusXM system:
• The 29000 block of South Western Avenue in San Pedro/RPV• Westmont Drive in San Pedro• The 405 Freeway South of the 605• The 405 near LAX
Readers of this column have offered other problem areas as well:
• Artesia Blvd and Aviation, Redondo Beach• Artesia and Inglewood, Redondo Beach• 110 Harbor Freeway near the LA Convention Center• Gaffey Street between the 110 offramp and 1st Street, San Pedro• The 405 between Manhattan Beach and Wilshire Blvd.• Santa Monica Blvd. West of the 405 traveling to and from Beverly Hills• The 55 Freeway between Dyer and Edinger• The Ventura freeway between Reseda and Balboa Blvd• Harbor Blvd. in Fullerton• The 91 Freeway in Fullerton• Magnolia and Garfield in Huntington Beach• The 210 Freeway near Azusa Avenue• The open plains of both Texas and Oklahoma
There are more, but you get the idea. One reader wrote that there are too many to list and that the problem makes the service unusable.
Interestingly, I never had the reception problems I have now when I was using a radio that picked up the old, original Sirius system. That may be a clue. Astute readers also noticed that in areas of bad reception, they notice cell towers. Certified Communications Engineer Bob Burchett of Enterprise Electronics brought up the cell-tower connection as well, pointing out that this has actually been an issue for a number of years.
“I recall the fight Sirius and XM had with the FCC over use of frequencies in the service for terrestrial coverage to augment the satellite service,” Burchett explained. “They wanted more; the FCC wanted them to use less of it and reduce power. That was some years ago.”
So while I will be forwarding this column to Sirius/XM engineers for comment, I believe the issue is this:
The original XM and newer SiriusXM systems use satellites, of course, but rely (more than perhaps they should) on terrestrial repeaters to help provide consistent reception both in cars and indoors. The problem is that some cell towers operate on the same frequency, and a phenomenon called “intermodulation” creates a third signal out of the two already there that wreaks havoc on the radio service.
My hunch: The original Sirius system relied more on direct satellite reception, and was less prone to interference of this type.
Basically, the signal is there … the radios just can't see it. SiriusXM, AT&T and T-Mobile are all supposedly working to fix the issue. But as cell towers proliferate, satellite radio reception deteriorates. And all of the companies want the others to pay for the fix.
As I said, I am contacting SiriusXM engineers for their take on the issue; if/when I hear something I will let you know.
Isle of Wight roadworks or road closures starting today or tomorrow.
Information provided by Elgin via Roadworks.org. It covers work carried out by BT, utility companies and Island roads.
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Carriageway repair works
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Circular Road
Location: at Circular Road, Ryde, Isle of Wight (Circular Road)
16 June — 20 June
Diversion route
Name: Diversion
Location: at Circular Road, Ryde, Isle of Wight (Diversion)
16 June — 20 June
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: Planned
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Carriageway repair works
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Town Lane
Location: at C42 Town Lane, Calbourne, Isle of Wight (Town Lane)
16 June — 20 June
Diversion route
Name: Diversion
Location: at C42 Town Lane, Calbourne, Isle of Wight (Diversion)
16 June — 20 June
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: Planned
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Carriageway repair works
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Locks Green Road
Location: at C02 Locks Green Road, Porchfield, Isle of Wight (Locks Green Road)
16 June — 20 June
Diversion route
Name: Diversion
Location: at C02 Locks Green Road, Porchfield, Isle of Wight (Diversion)
16 June — 20 June
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: Planned
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Carriageway repair works
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Colemans Lane
Location: at C31 Colemans Lane, Porchfield, Isle of Wight (Colemans Lane)
16 June — 20 June
Diversion route
Name: Diversion
Location: at C31 Colemans Lane, Porchfield, Isle of Wight (Diversion)
16 June — 20 June
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: Planned
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Carriageway repair works
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Road closure
Name: Upper Road
Location: at Upper Road, Brading, Isle of Wight (Upper Road)
16 June — 20 June
Diversion route
Name: Diversion
Location: at Upper Road, Brading, Isle of Wight (Diversion)
16 June — 20 June
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: Planned
Streetworks / Licence, Streetworks
Access to the front of The Eight Bells Public House
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Two-way traffic signals
Name: Carisbrooke High Street,Newport
Location: at B3401 High Street, Carisbrooke, Isle of Wight (Carisbrooke High Street,Newport)
15 June — 16 June
Responsibility: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Status: Planned
Circular Road, Ryde, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 20 June
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Ryde : 6 : Circular Road-Ryde
Works description: Pothole Repairs
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Colemans Lane, Porchfield, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 20 June
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Porchfield : Colemans Lane, Porchfield On Newport Bound Carriageway Between New Road And Colemans Farm ( 80 Metres Be
Works description: C/Way Patch Repair
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Locks Green Road, Porchfield, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 20 June
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Porchfield : Locks Green Road, Porchfield, O/S Locks Green Farm/ Garage. : Locks Green Road-Porchfield
Works description: Pothole Repairs
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Town Lane, Calbourne, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 20 June
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Calbourne : Town Lane, Newtown (Calbourne) Between Town Copse And Taylor'S Copse, : Town Lane-Calbourne
Works description: Pothole Repairs
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Upper Road, Brading, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 20 June
Delays likely Road closure
Works location: Brading : Appx 120m Past Brookfield Cottages Adj To The Adgestone Village Sign : Upper Road-Brading
Works description: Pothole Repairs
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Landguard Road, Shanklin, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 20 June
Delays possible Traffic control (two-way signals)
Works location: S/O 2-4 Thompson Court On Landguard Road
Works description: Shanklin – 395615 – Raise/Renew/Lower F&C C/W No 2 1.00
Responsibility for works: BT
Current status: Advanced planning
A3054 Union Street, Ryde, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 22 June
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: 49
Works description: Scaffold
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
A3055 High Street, Ventnor, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 13 July
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: 20 High Street, Ventnor
Works description: Scaffold
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Marina Avenue, Ryde, Isle Of Wight
15 June — 19 June
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: O/S 39 On Marina Avenue
Works description: Ryde – 406854 – Duct Overlays – Lay Approx 14m Of Duct 54/56 In Fw To Link Existing Bt Boxes To Facilitate Spine Cabling Works.
Responsibility for works: BT
Current status: Planned work about to start
Market Hill, Cowes, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 20 June
Delays unlikely No carriageway incursion
Works location: Cowes: At The Junction With Bath Road (Ml 140143): Market Hill-Cowes
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign (1 X Sign-Regulatory (No Entry) Cowes
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Tilbury Road, Gurnard, Isle Of Wight
15 June — 19 June
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: Gurnard : At The Junction With Church Road (Ml 140108) : Tilbury Road-Gurnard
Works description: Illumination Of Existing Sign (1 X Regulatory) Gurnard
Responsibility for works: Island Roads on behalf of the Isle of Wight Council
Current status: Planned work about to start
Winchester Park Road, Sandown, Isle Of Wight
16 June — 20 June
Delays unlikely Some carriageway incursion
Works location: 6 Winchester Park Rd, Sandown Isle Of Wight
Works description: Renew Manifold
Responsibility for works: Southern Water
Current status: Planned work about to start
Carrying on their daughter's passion for dancing has always been at the forefront of Glennys and Gary Woods's minds after she died in a tragic accident.
So setting up St Wilfrid's Dance Group in Preston was a natural tribute to their beloved Wendy.
St Wilfrids Dance Group in Preston
The couple founded the group in 1991, a year after 10-year-old Wendy died when her coat got caught in the doors of a bus on her way home from a dance class in Preston.
Glennys says: “It is our way of making good come from tragedy. Wendy's accident happened the week before Christmas in 1990. It was dreadful.
“So we set up the dance class in her memory and we run it for a charity.
“We donate our time for free. Our dancers pay £2 per session and when we have £1,000 saved, we split it between two charities.
Wendy Woods, who died in December 1990
“Wendy loved dancing. She was very talented and could have gone to the top. She was a member of a ballroom dancing class in Avenham Street, Preston.”
Dancing has always been a part of Glennys and Gary's lives - and it was something they introduced their two children to.
They were contemporaries of Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas and her husband Corky, who ended up training Wendy.
Glennys, who has three grandchildren, adds: “We were on the dance scene with Shirley Ballas and her husband Corky who used to train the formation team at Avenham Street. As a result, he did dance demonstrations and trained Wendy, as well as my other son, Gary.
“We used to compete in the dance formation at the Blackpool Tower Ballroom and when Shirley and Corky competed, we used to keep an eye on his son, Mark, who is now a professional dancer on Dancing with the Stars.
“Shirley and Corky were both lovely.
“I have always enjoyed dancing. I have danced since I was a little girl. My mum sent me to dance lessons and so that is why I put my own children into classes.”
The couple's passion for dancing now inspires others once a week at St Wilfrid's Parish Centre, Chapel Street, Preston.
The dance sessions also raise funds for charities. Their latest drive sees them donate £500 each to Rosemere Cancer Foundation's 20 Years Anniversary Appeal and Donna's Dream House in Blackpool, which provides holiday experiences for youngsters with life-threatening illnesses and for recently bereaved families.
Glennys, who through the group has donated many thousands of pounds to primarily local causes over the years, adds: “We do a bit of everything – ballroom, Latin and American.
“We have a great time. And the fact we are able to donate the dance fees to great causes makes it so much better.
“I think Wendy would have been proud. We have met so many lovely people through our fund-raising.
“Every year we let the members chose the charities. They write a charity on a piece of paper and we pick two. In the past we have donated to the Salvation Army, St Catherine's Hospice and Hearing Dogs for the Deaf.
“We have now donated £500 to Rosemere Cancer Foundation's 20 Years Anniversary Appeal and Donna's Dream House in Blackpool.”
The group meets every Wednesday evening from 7.30pm to 9.30pm in St Wilfrid's Parish Centre, Chapel Street.
Glennys adds: “Our dance group is open to everyone, including absolute beginners and those with two left feet.”
A 79-year-old woman who went missing has been found safe, police have said.
Northumbria Police launched an appeal after Betty Walsh, 79, disappeared at around 11.30am this morning.
Betty has Alzheimer's and officers said she could possibly be in a confused state and may have got on a bus.
Police say she has now been found safe and well.
A spokesman said: "A huge thank you to everyone who shared our messages on social media, it made a real difference.
"We utilised resources from across the force, including area command 24/7, motor patrols, dogs and firearms officers to ensure Betty was found and are pleased that after an extensive search she has been found safe and well.
"Looking after people who are more vulnerable for any reason is an absolute priority for us and we will do everything we can to make sure they are safe.
"Thank you to everyone for the support."
BOSTON (AP) — The host of one of NPR's most successful programs has been suspended while the network investigates sexual misconduct allegations.
The allegations against "On Point" host Tom Ashbrook include that he engaged in "creepy" sex talks and gave unwanted hugs, neck and back rubs to 11 mostly young women and men who worked on the show. They were contained in a document and confirmed in multiple interviews by WBUR-FM, the Boston station that produces the show.
Ashbrook was put on leave last week.
In a text to the station, Ashbrook said: "I am sure that once the facts come out that people will see me for who I am — flawed but caring and decent in all my dealings with others."
"On Point" is carried by more than 290 NPR stations. Ashbrook has hosted for 16 years.
___
Information from: WBUR-FM, http://www.wbur.org
HERNDON, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Although every elementary school has different student needs its teachers must support, each needs an extensive library of books for its students. Wake County Public School System (WCPSS) in Cary, NC, the 15 th the largest school district in the United States, has 114 elementary schools. Curating a vast library to address different reading levels, interests, and languages at each school was expensive, and students could only check out books when school is in session. To give students access to a vast library of books they can access anywhere and at any time, WCPSS turned to the online literacy platform Big Universe® from Fuel Education® (FuelEd ® ) for its elementary schools.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005454/en/
(Photo: Business Wire)
Big Universe provides schools with an affordable, comprehensive literacy solution featuring a ready-made library of more than 13,000 high-quality leveled eBooks from well-known publishers. The mobile platform includes integrated tools such as embedded assessments, a student recommendation engine, analytics to demonstrate reading growth, and engaging reading practice opportunities. With Big Universe, WCPSS is leveraging eBooks in several different ways across the district.
Big Universe is a big part of the district's summer Reading Camp for students in grades 1-3. As part of the state's Read to Achieve Act, the district hosts the camp for students who are not reading on grade level based on state assessments. During the three-week camp, students read books around a central theme, participate in read-aloud sessions, and complete “I-Wonder” projects during which they create their own research question around the theme and read books to find the answer.
“Big Universe was a perfect answer to two questions: ‘How do we give these hundreds of students at our reading camp access to books?' and ‘How do we give all students – whether they are in summer reading camp or not – access to books over the summer?'” said Sherri Miller, Director of K-12 Literacy at WSPSS. “Now we have fewer students losing ground over the summer because they can access books anywhere, 24/7 with any device, including a family member's phone.”
Miller says the online platform has also helped the district's educators incorporate reading across the curriculum. Using Big Universe's search functions, Wake County's elementary curriculum developers search for titles at different reading levels that relate to a lesson, create custom-curated bookshelves, and embed the link to the bookshelves into lessons. This has been especially helpful in science and social studies lessons, as well as English Language Arts. The district implemented an English Language Arts curriculum called Expeditionary Learning Education (EL Education), that requires students to engage in independent reading both for pleasure and to learn about topics being studied. Big Universe's search functionality has also helped English as a Second Language (ESL) teachers provide students with books in different languages.
Most importantly, the online nature of the platform gives students access to books anytime – before school, during school, after school, on holidays and in the summer. When the local YMCA and Boy & Girls Club and the City of Raleigh, all of which serve WCPSS students, said they wished they had access to books for more literacy-focus programming, Miller told them every WCPSS elementary school student has access to Big Universe. So as long as the organizations are able to provide internet access and devices, students have access to thousands of books.
“Big Universe has become a big part of our elementary school instruction because as our needs grow, so does the platform's functionalities and selection of titles,” said Miller. “They seek our input. When we needed more books, decodable readers to help students practice phonetic patterns, or text-to-speech features, they listened. Many of the product features Big Universe has added came to fruition because they reached out to their end-users. To us, they're not a vendor. They're a partner.”
Click here to read more about how the WCPSS uses Big Universe.
About Fuel Education
Fuel Education ® partners with school districts to fuel personalized learning and transform the education experience inside and outside the classroom. The company provides innovative solutions for pre-K through 12th grade that empower districts to implement successful online and blended learning programs. Its open, easy-to-use Personalized Learning Platform, PEAK™, enables teachers to customize courses using their own content, FuelEd courses and titles, third-party content, and open educational resources. Fuel Education serves more than 2,000 school districts, offering one of the industry's largest catalogs of K–12 digital curriculum, certified instruction, professional development, and educational services. To learn more, visit fueleducation.com and Twitter.
©2018 Fuel Education LLC. All rights reserved. Fuel Education, FuelEd, and Big Universe are trademarks of Fuel Education LLC or its affiliates. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005454/en/
CONTACT: Fuel Education
Media:
Beth Halloran, 703-436-3263
bhalloran@fueleducation.com
or
Rachael Ballard, 410-975-9638
Rachael@kehcomm.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA VIRGINIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: EDUCATION PRIMARY/SECONDARY OTHER EDUCATION PRESCHOOL
SOURCE: Fuel Education
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005454/en
“As any parent would, we're trying to support our vulnerable young care leavers” — that's the message from Lincolnshire County Council's corporate parenting manager.
It comes as councillors on Tuesday approved a new care leavers strategy for the authority.
Children can go into care for a variety of challenging and difficult reasons, and new research has found when they leave they can struggle to pay all their bills.
Recent moves to help care leavers have included several district councils approving council tax discounts of up to 100% for care leavers between the ages of 18-21.
Central government has also extended the age to which a care leaver can receive advice and guidance from authorities to 25.
Corporate Parenting Manager for LCC Andrew Morris explained how the county council is continuing to help its wards.
“We've got a legal responsibility as their parent and we're trying to act as best we can,” he said.
“Most young people don't leave their family home at 18, because the world's an expensive and busy place, so as a parent to young people we try to offer them support beyond their 18th birthday as any parent would.”
Young people who leave care are trying to work, pay their rent and their council tax for the first time he said.
Mr Morris says the help can help give care leavers confidence to help them achieve their dreams.
Lincolnshire County Council supports its care leavers in a number of additional ways, including university costs and helping to fund driving licences.
The help extends to those who have ‘lost their way' with prisons asked to get in touch with the council if a care leaver is held in custody.
“We want to help these young people who have experienced really disadvantaged backgrounds get a good start in life,” said Mr Morris.
The leaving care services budget is approximately £1.2 million.
The county council currently has more than 600 people in care, 300 young people in leaving care services, a number set to rise following the extension of support up to the age of 25.
Anyone who wants to access support can go to the council or Barnardos for more support.
Daniel Jaines , Local Democracy Reporting Service
NEW YORK (AP) — Super fan Leslie Jones is returning to the Olympics.
The "Saturday Night Live" comedian is joining NBC's coverage of the Pyeongchang Olympics as a contributor, reprising her role from the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Games.
The network said Tuesday that Jones will attend Olympic events, meet athletes and spread her enthusiasm for the games on television and online. The games run Feb. 9-25.
Jones posted a photo on Twitter of her dressed in red, white and blue gear while working out on an exercise machine with the caption, "Guess What Time It is Y'all!!!!! And Guess Where I'm Going!!!!! Slay All Day USA!!!!!!!"
During the Rio Games, Jones had been live-tweeting while watching the games in the U.S. and posted a video of herself decked out in the American flag and wearing plastic gold medals. Upon seeing it, NBC Olympics president Jim Bell invited her to Rio.
Bell says: "Experiencing the Olympics through the lens of Leslie is unlike anything else. Her passion for Team USA is contagious, and her adventures in South Korea should be fascinating."
Jones was an Emmy nominee for "SNL" and hosted last year's BET Awards.
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
The problem is right in front of us. Whether on the side of the freeway, behind a grocery store, or in a park, homelessness is an undeniable challenge in Southern California.
You can hardly turn to the news without seeing another story highlighting the need to get those who are homeless off of the street and to expand housing stock in the region.
The irony, however, is the disconnect between those two needs. No one wants people sleeping on sidewalks in their neighborhood, but it seems that many also dislike the idea of increasing affordable housing. However, we will never be able to house the homeless, or even low-wage workers and their families, without providing additional housing for people of all income levels.
So, what is it about affordable housing that is so scary? We know the homeless and low-income individuals are already in our community. In every community. They may be sharing housing, renting a room, or they might be working in your local grocery store or restaurant and commuting long distances. But they are already in every community.
Could it be that affordable housing conjures up images of substandard urban apartment projects surrounded by crime, drugs, and blight? I understand that fear as I, too, value living in a safe community where my children can thrive.
But I now have a much more accurate picture of what today's affordable housing can look like. It's clean, nurtures the well-being of its residents, and often is one of the most beautiful buildings in the neighborhood. It is not only housing that costs less for those who need it most, but a well-designed affordable housing development that can actually help increase home values around it as it raises the caliber of the entire neighborhood.
Today's affordable communities can create an environment that gives new life to its residents – whether formerly homeless or hard-working parents working to raise successful kids.
Oakcrest Terrace is a terrific example in the Savi Ranch area of Yorba Linda. Not only is it a beautiful, Craftsman-inspired design that complements the surrounding community, but it's a place that has provided much-needed stability and support to low-income families.
Each afternoon, children from Oakcrest Terrace stream into an on-site afterschool program that provides homework help, arts and crafts, exercise, and a nutritious snack to nurture their growing bodies. And because these children have childcare each day, it frees moms and dads to head to work without worry.
Melissa Morris has lived on the property with her three children since it opened in December 2016.
“It's so beneficial to my family,” she told me. “My son has learned responsibility and to get his homework done at the afterschool program. There are so many jobs nearby; we love being able to have a three bedroom, and everyone is friendly in the community.”
If our goal is to truly help our neighbors and to address the growing homelessness and housing crisis in Southern California, we need to start encouraging and supporting the continued expansion of housing that is accessible to all people at all income levels. This is the new face of affordable housing. It transforms lives. It transforms neighborhoods.
As president of the SoCal-based Hope Through Housing Foundation, Gregory Bradbard is an advocate for breaking the cycle of poverty. Find him at HTHF.org.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
“We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals,” U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing his first international match since he turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with his left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of his right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off his line, Pulisic used the outside of his right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with his right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for his eighth goal in 19 international appearances, his fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when he played the ball between his feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the center backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for his first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
After Wood and Altidore failed to convert good chances, Wood drew the penalty kick when he exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to his left, Altidore chipped the ball down the center for his 41st international game.
Hacked down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked out to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February,
Wood added his 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
Panama was trying to move into position to qualify for its first World Cup. The Panamanians were 90 seconds from advancing to a playoff against New Zealand four years ago, when Graham Zusi and Aron Johannsson scored late goals at Honduras, which dropped Panama behind Mexico and into fifth place.
Notes: All U.S. players stood at attention during “The Star-Spangled Banner” and all but Jozy Altidore and DeAndre Yedlin had their right hands over their hearts.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
In the future, the food delivery company wants AI to take over while engineers sleep
UK-based food delivery company Just Eat runs a hugely complex devops culture across 35 software development teams in five geographies, working together to maintain 450 microservices.
At peak times Just Eat is processing 2,700 orders per minute, normally on a Saturday evening, which requires them to spin up in excess of 1,500 AWS instances. The engineering team ships up to 500 releases a week and generates 1.5TBs of logs per day.
Building a central SRE team
Site reliability engineering is of paramount importance for Just Eat, as it is to rivals like UberEats and Deliveroo, as outages cause an oversized reaction from hungry customers.
Take Just Eat's reported outages on New Year's Day, its second busiest day of the year after Valentine's Day, where a tweet from the company reporting technical issues across its website and app received more than 200 responses, some verging on the dramatic side. "You're ruining my life!" one user tweeted.
Speaking at the London leg of the AppDynamics World Tour last week, Richard Haigh, director of technology at Just Eat, said: "Site reliability engineering all starts with this first premise: we believe truly that dev teams own their product, full stop.
"So the devs create the code, they ship it, they look after it in the evenings, they take the pages home and we call them at 3 o'clock in the morning if their code fails and they help fix it. They own that code cradle to grave."
However, those dev teams aren't alone, they are supported by dedicated SRE teams, who run on what Haigh calls 'five pillars'. These are:
Relentlessly protect site availability
Enable change to be delivered fast but baking quality in using automated delivery pipelines
Optimise the use of infrastructure and resources - using scalable cloud solutions and ensuring the right spend there
Innovate to stay ahead, especially when it comes to tooling - wether it is open source, commercial or built in house - to have the best possible solution
Fostering a blameless culture and enabling autonomous teams
This starts with a central SRE team of 50-60 people who run a 24/7 service operations centre. "Their job is to boss the first ten minutes of any problem we've got," Haigh said.
This team also looks after hosting across various cloud platforms, delivery automation (CI/CD pipelines), all monitoring, logging and alerting sitting under a team they call 'observability' internally, and service management run by a set of country managers.
Tooling
In terms of aligning these teams, Just Eat runs a whole range of activities to keep lines of communication open.
This starts with a daily standup to review any issues they had seen in the past 24 hours and prioritise next steps. Teams also run weekly risk meetings ahead of the busy weekend period. Lastly there is a monthly technology all-hands to discuss lessons learned and new tooling.
When it comes to tooling, Just Eat wants to fall in the sweet spot between giving development teams complete autonomy and a central team dictating which tools to use.
"We try to support that diversity and decentralisation but at the same time control some of the things that are larger in scale and more important to the business," Haigh said.
"So we have central support for a range of tooling like the monitoring stack, but we give dev teams the opportunity to interact with that in an open source way, so they can take a version, fork it, manipulate it and give it back to us and we say that's great and incorporate it back into the code base for everyone."
However dev teams adopting new tools "go into that knowing the risks and taking that on, but there is also survival of the fittest," Haigh said. "So if you have chosen that tool and it turns out to be absolutely awesome - we've seen this with something like Slack recently - the next team takes it and we get to the point where it's best in breed and we take that onboard to try and find some of those economies of scale, enterprise support and make it easier for others to adopt it."
Bennie Johnston, head of site reliability engineering at Just Eat also explained from the stage how the company has had to scale devops over the past four years due to some pretty serious growth at the publicly listed company, from just one release a day to nearer 500 per week today.
For example, four years ago the Just Eat dev teams were falling back on written run books to help resolve issues.
"Run books weren't the way we were going to scale devops," Johnston said. "Just Eat kept being successful so we got more and more dev teams. What we realised was our platform-as-a-service team needed scaling and that is where the deployment of monitoring came in."
So the team went out to market to look for the right tools to help automate some of these processes. "That's where AppDynamics came in, as well as our internal SRE team building tools to give the operations teams buttons and levers to affect the flow of traffic and protect that core user experience," he said.
Speaking about AppDynamics in particular, Johnston outlined how it allowed Just Eat to centralise monitoring.
"We had monitoring-as-a-service from very early on, it was one of the things that allowed us to do devops, if you are operating something you need to be able to see it," he explained.
However monitoring was developed by individual teams for their own services, so it was fractured.
For example: "For the Order API we had some great metrics, but from an operations point of view we had very little visibility into what was actually going on. We didn't even really have real time order rate, this was something that came out of our database three days later.
"AppDynamics gave us the ability to look across all of our teams and services to correlate cause across and gave us that visibility into our systems," he said.
AI
So, what next for JustEat? "We want incident resolution AI," Haigh said.
At the moment managers will arrive to work in the morning to a raft of HipChat chat logs to pick through any incidents that occurred overnight.
"My dream is to come in one morning and there has been an incident but we won't have had to wake any engineers up," Haigh added. "In fact the bots and systems we are looking at will have identified where something has gone wrong and find what they need to do to recover those systems.
"If we get really good those dependent systems will talk to each other and will understand the implications of making that change. Those systems will work together to resolve that and then we will run sanity checking and it is logged in those same HipChat channel so that when we, the humans, come in after a good night's sleep we can see exactly where the system was hurting and how to alleviate that moving forwards."
OTTAWA, Ontario--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--BioTalent Canada today announced the three finalists for the 2018 MAGNUS Catalyst Award for Top New Hire. The three finalists are:
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005377/en/
David Ness, Health and Safety Specialist, ERA Environmental Management, Montreal, QC Chelsea Lobson, Community-Based Monitoring Coordinator, Lake Winnipeg Foundation, Winnipeg, MB David Rowbotham, Senior Research Technologist, STEMCELL Technologies, Vancouver, BC
Over 1,400 new hires have been subsidized by BioTalent Canada programs since 2005. In that time, employer feedback on the contribution of these young workers has been overwhelmingly positive. The annual MAGNUS Catalyst Award was created in 2015 to recognize the employers who invest in young talent and the dedicated young people, hired through wage subsidies.
“Congratulations to these young professionals who are passionate about biotech and innovating to help their biotech employers achieve success,” says Jacqueline Flinker, CEO of MAGNUS Personnel. “We are extremely proud to be supporting this initiative.”
“Seeing the passion and initiative in this young biotech talent is inspiring,” says Rob Henderson, President and CEO of BioTalent Canada. “Telling their stories in starting their biotech careers is extremely rewarding as knows they are having such a positive impact on their employers.”
David Ness Health and Safety Specialist, ERA Environmental Management David exemplifies the values of ERA and acts as a mentor to help other new hires and team members to the importance of the corporate culture; in fact, his commitment to embracing new challenges and continuous learning has helped other team members to setup and take on projects outside their own comfort zones. David has been a leader and role model regarding new projects the team is working on– his attitude towards failures is that they are learning experiences and are actual learning opportunities. I have found it greatly beneficial to include David on projects because he helps set the tone for all the other team members in times of success and times when we hit road blocks. Instead of letting these moments get us down, David is able to shift our way of thinking to, “How can we solve this problem?” and “What can we learn from this obstacle?”
Chelsea Lobson Community-Based Monitoring Coordinator, Lake Winnipeg Foundation (LWF) Chelsea is an enthusiastic, passionate young scientist who is ready and willing to roll up her sleeves and do whatever task is required of her and under her leadership Lake Winnipeg Community-Based Monitoring Network (LWCBMN) greatly exceeded their 2017 objectives. Chelsea is at the forefront of a growing movement of citizen scientists taking action in their communities. Citizen science networks face multiple challenges. Accessing appropriate lab space and equipment can be costly. The time and expertise required to process collected samples can be overwhelming and unrealistic for volunteers. Chelsea overcame all of these challenges. Working closely with LWF's nationally recognized science advisors, LWCBMN's protocols have been designed to be compatible with those of provincial and federal programs, including programs in other countries. As a result, LWCBMN is producing robust, credible data which, in turn, is creating additional partnership opportunities – mostly notably with Agriculture Canada, which has offered the use of its equipment in its Morden, Manitoba-based lab where Chelsea is now processing LWCBMN's samples.
David Rowbotham Senior Research Technologist, STEMCELL Technologies STEMCELL's motto is “Scientists helping scientists,” and it is their mission to supply high quality innovative reagents to research labs around the world, facilitating discoveries in the life sciences. David is working on a team that develops tools that will enable prostate and breast cancer researchers to preform cutting edge research, and eventually guide medical oncologists in the treatment of cancer patients. David has a genuine passion for the science underlying the products that STEMCELL is developing, and the level of rigor that he incorporates into his experiments is labourious and impressive. Just when he has thought to have reached his limit on what he can take on, he surprises his supervisor by incorporating additional experiments to increase the quality of his data. The company also has a strong culture of collaboration, and in this regard, David is highly respected by his peers for his professionalism, positive attitude and creative thinking.
BioTalent Canada and award sponsor MAGNUS Personnel congratulate the finalists and salute the employers for hiring outstanding young talent.
The finalists were chosen among the many entries received and evaluated by an independent judging committee. The winner of the 2018 MAGNUS Catalyst Award will be awarded a cash prize of $1,000 and will be announced in early May.
Thanks to our partner and title sponsor
About BioTalent Canada
BioTalent Canada™ is the HR partner of Canada's bio-economy. Our engagement with employers, associations, post-secondary institutions, immigrant serving agencies and service providers has built a dynamic network that is strengthening skills, connecting job-ready talent to industry and creating opportunities. Please visit biotalent.ca for more information.
About MAGNUS Personnel
MAGNUS Personnel is a highly-specialized recruitment firm operating in the Medical, Clinical Research, Life Sciences, B2B Industrial and Technology sectors. More than 150 Companies trust us to locate and engage North America's most talented people for their businesses. We do this with Vigor and with Passion. We are relentless. We are MAGNUS. Call (844) 8MA GNUS or visit magnuspersonnel.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005377/en/
CONTACT: BioTalent Canada
Siobhan Williams
Director, Marketing and Communications
613-235-1402 ext. 229
swilliams@biotalent.ca
or
MAGNUS Personnel
Jacqueline Flinker
CEO
647-933-9036
jflinker@magnuspersonnel.com
KEYWORD: NORTH AMERICA CANADA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY
SOURCE: BioTalent Canada
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005377/en
Have your say
A meeting of Sunderland AFC's Senior Supporters Association will be held at 1.30pm on Tuesday in the Riverview Brasserie at the Stadium of Light.
The speakers will be former Sunderland player Lee Howey and Echo columnist Tony Gillan.
New members and guests are welcome to attend.
For further information, call Malcolm Bramley on 0191 5652119
As tens of thousands of the world's top security pros gather at RSA Conference 2017 they are being called upon to watch out for a new threat: their own data.
By corrupting data that is used for making decisions, attackers can cause all kinds of problems, says Chris Young, general manager of Intel Security. “Now data is manipulated and used against us to affect the decisions we make,” he says.
He calls this corruption “data landmines,” which when factored into decision making, can result in bad choices, missed opportunities and economic losses.
He says stolen and manipulated data combined to disrupt the 2016 presidential election, for example, and the consequences of similar manipulations could be high for businesses whose big-data analysis is undermined by altered small data that makes it up. With inaccurate input to draw on, the outcomes will be faulty, he says.
“We need to pay attention to small data used in models or it can be turned into a weapon,” he says.
Another new attack surface is home networks, he says. These largely insecure networks that include internet of things devices such as DVRs and security cameras can be compromised and used as weapons, as in the case of the gigantic Mirai botnet attack last year.
+ ALSO AT RSA: Hot products at RSA 2017 +
But because more and more people work from home, these networks become a threat to the corporate networks employees connect to, Young says. “Is the home taken into account when we design cybersecurity architectures? We need to make sure the internet of things doesn't become the internet of terrorism.”
He says the problems are large and cooperation among security pros is needed to address them. “None of us can go it alone.”
Microsoft President Brad Smith, another RSAC keynoter, takes this one step further, calling on the technology community to band together as “a digital Switzerland” to protect civilian cyber assets from the acts of criminals and nations trying to exploit them.
He says the community should commit to principles similar to those adopted by the International Committee of the Red Cross in its defense of civilians in war-torn areas.
In the cyber realm, these should include:
Focusing solely on defense; no offensive activities;
Collaborating to respond to attacks;
Assist and protect all customers everywhere;
Refusing to attack civilians anywhere, regardless of who asks.
A digital Geneva Conventions should pledge no attacks on the private sector and no attacks on civil infrastructure including power grids, water supplies and political institutions.
Further, governments should not stockpile software vulnerabilities to use as weapons rather than disclosing them so they can be patched, Smith says.
Countries should form an international agency similar to the International Committee of the Red Cross only for cyber issues. Made up of respected members of private, public and academic institutions, it should monitor nation-state attacks and seek to attribute them to the perpetrators.
He says cooperation among all players is essential and that corporate pride shouldn't interfere. He cited cooperation last year among Microsoft, Google and Facebook to fight dissemination of terrorist propaganda online.
“Governments need national and global IT infrastructure it can trust,” Smith says, and this tech organization needs to restore that trust.
The burden should fall to private security practitioners, not governments, he says. “Cyberspace is us. It's owned and operated by the private sector… Nation-state hacking in times of war has evolved into attacks on civilians in times of peace,” he says. When the internet is attacked by nation-sponsored actors, it's almost always against private assets, he says. “We are the world's first responders.”
He also calls on governments to sign agreements about what is acceptable in cyber conflict, just as the 4th Geneva Convention in 1949 spelled out protection of civilians in times of physical war.
He cited the U.S.-China agreement last fall that they would no longer use cyber espionage for gaining economic advantage through stolen corporate secrets. The agreement was later endorsed by the G20.
Smith called for using the tech industry as an example of the good that can come of inclusive societies that tap the talents of everyone regardless of their nationality. He says Microsoft has employees from 151 countries. “Let's use that inspiration and build on what we share with each other,” he says, “and show the world what we can be when we are our best.”
BROWNSVILLE, Texas (AP) — SpaceX is seeking up to $5 million more in new state funding to build a commercial spaceport in Texas, a high-profile project that's behind schedule after breaking ground in 2014.
SpaceX is seeking the money to help build infrastructure related to the launch facility at Boca Chica beach outside Brownsville, the Austin American-Statesman reported .
The Cameron County Spaceport Development Corp. recently applied for the $5 million at the request of SpaceX, according to county Judge Eddie Trevino Jr. The new money for the project would come from the Spaceport Trust Fund, a state economic development fund.
The application was due last month. Gov. Greg Abbott's economic development and tourism division is currently considering the application, said a spokeswoman for the governor.
About $15.3 million in state funding has already been set aside for the planned spaceport, but less than $3 million has been used so far. SpaceX has also returned a small portion of the funds pledged from the state's jobs-focused Texas Enterprise Fund because the company fell short of hiring goals as the project couldn't keep pace with its original timetable.
The California-based company was founded by billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk with the goal of reducing the cost of space travel and eventually facilitating the colonization of Mars.
Musk initially said that SpaceX will invest $100 million at the site, predicting it could send up rockets by late 2016, however that date has since been pushed to at least late 2018.
___
Information from: Austin American-Statesman, http://www.statesman.com
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — One of the nation's largest online charter schools is suing Ohio's State Board of Education over its vote to have the school repay $60 million that was disputed because of a lack of justifying documentation.
The complaint from the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow alleges board members violated state public-meetings law by voting at Monday's meeting without hearing public comment or substantive deliberation on the matter. ECOT says those circumstances and late changes to the agenda indicate the board improperly discussed or made a decision in advance, making the vote invalid.
Ohio's Department of Education says the board wasn't required to have another hearing after a hearing officer previously considered the matter.
ECOT contends it was treated unfairly and that a $60 million repayment could cripple the school of 15,000 students.
Comments
comments
Two women, two parallel lives, 70 years apart… both hit by a terrible tragedy and both beset by secrets and lies.
The invisible threads of fate are drawing together their dramatic stories at a beautiful Jacobean mansion deep in the Oxfordshire countryside, a place where hidden truths will finally be revealed.
Lulu Taylor, queen of a string of classic winter-warming novels like The Snow Rose and The Winter Children, casts a snow-spangled spell in a gripping, dark-edged and atmospheric mystery which comes ice-packed with intrigue, menace and romance, and stars two young widows facing up to deceit and betrayal.
In 1947, the worst winter in decades hits England, cutting off the inhabitants of Kings Harcourt Manor, a house dating back to the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods. For Thomasina (Tommy) Elliot, widowed at the start of war, it is particularly hard because the burden of taking care of the family falls on her.
She has the solace of her two children, Antonia and Harry, and the interesting presence of her brother's friend, Fred Burton Brown, who was badly burned in an accident during the war years in North Africa.
But there is also Tommy's difficult and constantly sniping mother, and Barbara Hastings, a manipulative, mysterious figure from her past who has turned up unexpectedly needing a temporary home and who appears to want a piece of Tommy's future as well.
In the present day, we meet Caitlyn Balfour who thinks her marriage to good-looking businessman Patrick is a success. He might be a ‘controlling perfectionist' who has talked Caitlyn into sending their only child Max to a boarding prep school… but Patrick is one of the few people not to fall head over heels for her friend Sara, a pre-Raphaelite style beauty who seems to catch the eye of every man.
She thought they were happy until Patrick is killed in a road accident after phoning her only minutes before with a strange, garbled message saying he had something to tell her about Sara.
With her existence turned upside down, Caitlyn is forced to reassess everything she thought about her marriage, what she truly knows about Patrick, and his real feelings for her best friend. In the refuge of an old manor house in Oxfordshire, she begins to discover the truth…
Taylor has evolved into an exciting and talented novelist, immersing her readers in compelling, beautifully written stories which deliver emotion, rich psychological insight, intrigue and suspense as well as plenty of stunning twists and turns.
In Her Frozen Heart, she cleverly weaves between the fortunes of Caitlyn and Tommy, exploring fascinating similarities in their fraught situations but also exposing the vast differences between the privations, rationing and social restrictions of women in the tough post-war period and the experiences and pressures of women in the 21st century.
Thrilling, escapist and provocative, this is the perfect fireside read for winter nights!
(Pan, paperback, £7.99)
Roux: The memo discredits their own conspiracy theory. The dossier was not the motivating factor for any of the investigations. Carter page was being investigated before he was a apart of Team Trump and the information from George Papadopoulos is what started the investigation into the Trump campaign, not the Steele dossier.
Close Get email notifications on Matt DeGrood daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Matt DeGrood posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
FILE - In this May 17, 2016 file photo, a new sticker is placed on the door at the ceremonial opening of a gender neutral bathroom at Nathan Hale High School in Seattle. Hundreds of parents across the country have called on President Donald Trump to embrace Obama-era protections for transgender students that call for letting them use school bathrooms in accordance with their gender identity. In a letter, sent to the president by the Human Rights Campaign late Tuesday, Feb. 14, 2017, more than 780 parents stressed that "all students deserve equal access to a safe, welcoming school and a high quality education no matter who they are." (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Hundreds of parents across the country have called on President Donald Trump to embrace Obama-era protections for transgender students that call for letting them use school bathrooms in accordance with their gender identity.
In a letter sent to the president by the Human Rights Campaign late Tuesday, more than 780 parents stressed that "all students deserve equal access to a safe, welcoming school and a high quality education no matter who they are."
The call follows a decision by the Trump administration last week to abandon a defense of the guidelines issued by the Obama administration. A court issued an injunction against those guidelines last summer in response to a lawsuit filed by 13 states. President Barack Obama appealed the injunction, but the Trump administration decided to back off from the appeal.
Parents of transgender students say that revoking the right of students to use school bathrooms according to their gender identity amounts to discrimination and it creates a hostile learning environment for transgender students. "These policies are wrong, they hurt our children, and they violate the principle of equal education," the letter said.
Conservative activists firmly oppose the idea, saying it endangers the privacy and safety of other students.
Newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has not voiced a position on the bathrooms controversy other than to say that she is against discrimination and will support all students.
During the election campaign Trump said that transgender students can use the bathroom they like.
FILE - In this Aug. 14, 2016 file photo mare Sefora is presented at the yearly Arabian horse auction "Pride of Poland", in Janow Podlaski, Poland. A renowned Arabian horse breeding program in Poland has held a disappointing auction this year, selling fewer horses and raising less money than in the past, after a political purge of its managers by the country's conservative ruling party. (AP Photo/Alik Keplicz, file)
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — A renowned Arabian horse breeding program in Poland has held a disappointing auction, selling fewer horses and raising less money than in the past, after a political purge of its managers by the country's conservative ruling party.
The yearly Pride of Poland auction at a stud farm in Janow Podlaski, in eastern Poland, was world-renowned, drawing horse breeders from around the world.
But the 200-year-old state program suffered a heavy blow to its prestige in 2015 when the newly elected Law and Justice party fired its top breeders and replaced them with party loyalists with less experience.
Government critics on Monday described this year's auction on Sunday as a fiasco. Of 25 horses, only six were sold and 410,000 euros raised. The last auction before the 2015 purge raised 4.5 million euros.
The 2015 power shift in Poland brought changes across all of Poland's state enterprises, but the changes in the Arabian breeding program got more attention than the others because it hit professionals who had built up international relationships over many years with celebrities, Arab sheikhs and other millionaires.
Some of those people are now boycotting the Polish stud farms in solidarity with the former managers.
Two out of four mares on loan to Poland from British breeder Shirley Watts, wife of Rolling Stones drummer Charlie Watts, died after the management change.
A further setback occurred at last year's auction due to suspicions that there were fake bidders who drove up prices artificially, something that the state managers denied.
Slawomir Pietrzak, the manager at Janow Podlaski, brushed off the result of this year's auction, saying there were also auctions in the past that did not have great results and that the international market is changing.
"There is an overproduction of Arabian horses, and there are more and more auctions," Pietrzak said. "That's the market situation."
Actor Anthony Anderson will host the second annual NBA Awards.
The show honoring the league's top performers will air June 25 on TNT from Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, California. The league MVP, defensive player of the year, rookie of the year and lifetime achievement awards will be handed out, among others.
Anderson, the star of ABC's "black-ish," is an NBA fan who frequently attends games in Los Angeles. He has previously hosted the NCAAP Image Awards and BET Awards.
———
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Getty Image
Chemistry. With new faces in familiar places, that's the key to training camp for many NBA teams. It's no wonder Paul George has stressed that the new-look Olkahoma City Thunder are getting along just fine these days.
George enters his first season with the Thunder after a NBA Draft-day deal that sent him to Oklahoma City for his contract year. But the late addition of Carmelo Anthony complicates the chemistry equation for the Thunder, who also bring back the reigning NBA MVP in Russell Westbrook.
George was asked about how the team has looked thus far, and despite the inevitable difficulties that will come with playing together, he seems optimistic about what the Thunder can do this season.
96five needs your feedback about how we can serve your family, and our city better in 2017. We want to hear what you love about your radio station, what you'd like to hear more of – and what's missing!
For over 40 years 96five has focused on ensuring your radio station speaks life into your life and those you love, which is why every two years we participate in a national study to help us better understand how we can serve you and your community in greater ways.
In the last survey you told us that maintaining the presence of Christian media is important you. This feedback is not just vital to the day to day programming of 96five, but provides community feedback to regulatory bodies, government and licensing authorities, all of which is imperative for the future of Christian Radio in Australia.
This year you even have the chance to win gift cards worth up to the value of $500 so start the survey and let us know what you think because your voice, makes our voice stronger!
Once again, we have asked the well-known research organisation McCrindle to conduct this survey as part of a national analysis of radio listeners.
Please be assured that this survey is completely anonymous and no answers are identifiable to you personally. It will take an estimated 12-14 minutes to complete, and completed entries have a chance of winning a $500 or $200 gift card. The winners will be chosen at random at the close of the survey.
Once again, thank you for your participation in this important national project.
The Wiggles, left to right, are Red Wiggle Simon Pryce, Blue Wiggle Anthony Field, Purple Wiggle Lachy Gillespie, and Yellow Wiggle Emma Watkins. (Photo courtesy of the Wiggles)
The Wiggles perform in concert. (Photo courtesy of the Wiggles)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
The Wiggles, left to right, are Blue Wiggle Anthony Field, Yellow Wiggle Emma Watkins, Red Wiggle Simon Pryce, and Purple Wiggle Lachy Gillespie. (Photo courtesy of the Wiggles)
Emma Watkins, the Yellow Wiggle, is the first-ever woman in the children's entertainment group from Australia. (Photo courtesy of the Wiggles)
The Wiggles are, left to right, Blue Wiggle Anthony Field, Yellow Wiggle Emma Watkins, Red Wiggle Simon Pryce, and Purple Wiggle Lachy Gillespie. (Photo courtesy of the Wiggles)
The Wiggles arrive on stage in their trademark Big Red Car. (Photo courtesy of the Wiggles)
It's been 27 years since Anthony Field decided while studying early childhood development at college in Australia to write and record an album of songs for the preschool set, a decision that led to the formation of the Wiggles. What followed was a worldwide sensation as the group made TV shows, CDs and DVDs, and toured around the globe to entertain their little fans – and to be honest, some bigger ones too.
And Field is still at it, the only original Wiggle left after the retirements of the original Red, Yellow and Purple Wiggles five or six years ago now.
“The one constant in the last 27 years is the Blue Wiggle – that's me,” Field says when he called from Australia recently. “But the ethos of the Wiggles is still the same. It's a lot of the same music, but we wrote new songs too. It's still child-centered. And it has a lot of new energy, which I think Emma is largely responsible for.”
That would be Emma Watkins, the current Yellow Wiggle, and the first-ever woman Wiggle in the group, and after an absence of five years, Wiggles fans in the United States are soon to get a chance to get reacquainted with Field and introduced to Watkins, Purple Wiggle Lachlan Gillespie, and Red Wiggle Simon Pryce, with shows in Anaheim on June 2 and Los Angeles on June 4.
After retooling the group and focusing on Australia for a few years the group sensed a growing demand for live shows in the United States where their TV show airs on PBS Sprout and Hulu, Field says.
“We were getting a lot of, ‘When are you coming over, we want to see you?' so we thought, ‘OK!'” he says.
For Field, retiring alongside his fellow original Wiggles was never in question. He wanted to keep the group going, and they did too, though their involvement now is no longer on stage or screen.
“The other three guys were so supportive of keeping the Wiggles going,” Field says. “And I was really looking forward to the challenge of finding who (the new Wiggles) are, and helping them learn to communicate with the preschool audience. They are so talented and so gentle and such nice people. It was exciting.”
After nearly three decades in the Wiggles, Field says the best part of his work is still getting out in public to perform.
“The best things have been every day waking up and going to create music or going to do a show for a very enthusiastic audience,” he says. “And then the whole lifestyle traveling around the world, going to all these incredible countries, playing in orphanages in China, meeting children with special needs before the show. That's a very grounding experience.
“So that's been the best parts of it, just the fun, and the mateship with all the other Wiggles.
“The hardest part has been the physical challenges, the mental challenges,” Field says. “In the real world going away for six, seven, eight months a year. Keeping the body fit as you age, and mentally keeping happy. That's sometimes a challenge.”
But it's all been worth it, and now, with parents raised on the Wiggles now bringing their kids to see the Wiggles, there's a legacy of which he's rightfully proud to protect and preserve, too.
“Last year the original Wiggles got together to raise money for charity and we did over 18 gigs in pubs in Australia,” Field says. “They were the wildest shows where we had 20-somethings brought up with the Wiggles coming in costumes.
“There was such joy at those shows,” he says. “It was a bunch of adults singing, ‘Heads, Shoulders, Knees and Toes,' and “Johnny Works With One Hammer.' Someone told me it reminds them of a time they felt safe and loved, it reminds them of a happy time in their life.
“You couldn't ask for more than that.”
And when the time comes to hand off his spot in the group to a younger Wiggle? Well, as long as he can play music every day, and the Wiggles are in good hands, he'll be happy, Field says.
“Handing the blue shirt over, as long as the guy or the girl genuinely understands what we're about, that we're about the audience, the children, not ourselves, then I'll be happy to turn it over,” he says.
“But at the moment it's such a part of my life, I really don't want to think about it.”
‘The Wiggles: Wiggle, Wiggle, Wiggle Tour'
Saturday, June 2: At City National Grove of Anaheim, 2200 East Katella Ave., Anaheim. Show at 12:30 p.m. Tickets are $43.50.
Monday, June 4: At UCLA's Royce Hall, 10745 Dickson Court, Los Angeles. Show at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are $40.
Information: Thewiggles.com.au
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
Making an appearance at Surf City Splash were little princesses, revelers in party hats, Scooby-Doo and his crew, and even Baby New Year in the form of a 63-year-old man dressed in a droopy diaper with a sash that read “2017.”
And wait ... was that a poop emoji?
Swimmers were cold but the laughter was warm at the Huntington Beach Pier, where hundreds of participants showed up to brave the 56-degree water for the 17th annual event.
Some wore swimsuits, while others got creative with costumes.
“It's a great way to start the year with a great sense of humor,” said Laura DuBow, dressed in the brown poop emoji costume.
Family members wearing yellow smiley and wink emojis joined her.
Laura's husband, Norm DuBow, and daughter Georgia started participating in the Splash about 10 years ago. For the first few years, Laura DuBow would stand on the sand wearing a chicken hat.
“She got tired of watching us have all the fun and calling her a chicken,” Norm DuBow said.
It's now a family tradition, with more friends and relatives showing up each year.
“It beats sleeping in on New Year's Day,” Norm Dubow said.
Fullerton resident Jack Mcenterfer, 80, was joined by four generations of his family, including his 3-year-old great-grandson Tyson. It's a chance to get the family together for an early celebration for Mcenterfer's birthday today.
“You get wet and cold and have family all together,” he said. “It's just wonderful.”
There's one thing he doesn't do at the event.
“I don't make resolutions,” he said. “They generally don't work out.”
Huntington resident Jack Carey, 83, won the award this year for the oldest participant.
This year's Splash drew an estimated 500 swimmers, the largest number so far.
The event – in its early years called the HB Pier Plunge – was started by a church group that gathered participants for a casual New Year's Day dip. When organizer Mike Parks went off to college a few years later, he handed the reins to Lee Love, who has headed the event since.
Love turned it into a fundraiser, this year benefiting the International Surfing Museum.
Revelers this year were especially eager to jump into the chilly ocean, rushing toward the water's edge and waves minutes before the usual noon countdown.
“Everybody just wanted to go,” said surf museum executive director Diana Dehm. “We ran for it ... everybody got so excited, they weren't even thinking.”
Roger Oschman of Huntington Beach was a bit bummed when he showed up at noon and saw that everyone had already run into the ocean.
He hasn't missed an event in 10 years.
He still decided to take the dip.
“It's just a way to wash away everything you did in the previous year and get ready for the new year,” he said.
Contact the writer: lconnelly@scng.com
BEIJING (AP) — China's chief envoy for North Korean affairs said Friday the reasons he hasn't visited Pyongyang are "complicated" but that China remains committed to finding a diplomatic solution to tensions over the North's nuclear weapons program.
Vice Foreign Minister Kong Xuanyou offered no details but the lack of a visit has been cited as an indication of how badly relations between Beijing and Pyongyang have deteriorated.
"I am the special representative of the Chinese government on the Korean Peninsula affairs, but I have not visited North Korea yet. The reason is quite complicated," Kong told reporters.
"But regardless whether I visit North Korea, China's commitment to safeguarding peace and stability and realizing denuclearization on the peninsula will never change," he added.
Kong, an ethnic Korean from northeastern China, was appointed special envoy in August.
China has long been the North's chief economic partner and political ally but North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's refusal to rein in his regime's provocative actions has left Beijing officials increasingly frustrated.
China's support for increasingly tough United Nations sanctions has also sparked a backlash from Pyongyang. Recent moves to ban sales of North Korean coal and other key exports are believed to be causing a cash crunch although the effect on regime stability isn't known.
In Tokyo, a Japanese Foreign Ministry official said Friday that Japan sees China as taking the U.N. resolutions on North Korea "very seriously," and that Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono intends to encourage Beijing to do more to pressure the North when he visits China this weekend for talks with his counterpart, Wang Yi, and other top officials.
But the official said that as a major trade partner of North Korea, there is more China can do, including cutting oil supply and other key items. The official spoke on condition of anonymity due to protocol.
Sigal Mandelker, U.S. undersecretary of the Treasury for terrorism and financial intelligence, criss-crossed the region this week seeking more effective cooperation on the sanctions.
She characterized meetings with Chinese officials in Beijing as productive but also stressed that China's efforts were "critical" to maximizing pressure on Pyongyang. That includes expelling any individuals facilitating illicit trade or financial transactions with North Korea and preventing smuggling.
"We need to have very strong international cooperation when it comes to cutting back the ship-to-ship transfers," Mandelker said. "While we seek to work very cooperatively with our Chinese counterparts we won't hesitate to take unilateral action where we think such unilateral action is warranted," she said.
Despite its reservations, China wants to avoid bringing the regime crashing down, causing a potential refugee and security crisis along with the loss of a buffer between it and U.S.-backed South Korea.
Unlike his father and predecessor Kim Jong Il, the younger Kim has yet to visit China since coming to power in 2011.
The last high-level Chinese visitor to Pyongyang was Song Tao, head of the ruling Communist Party's International Department, in November.
___
Associated Press writers Mari Yamaguchi and Elaine Kurtenbach in Tokyo contributed to this report.
BRAMPTON, ON – Ontario's Peel Region, just west of Toronto, will partner with private delivery businesses this fall to test the potential of off-peak deliveries.
The goal is to help reduce congestion and improve traffic flows by shifting truck traffic off the area's congested roads during peak hours.
The six-month pilot begins in September, when regional staff will help develop customized delivery plans.
“This is an opportunity to improve the way we do business and create efficiencies. We are looking forward to following the Region's pilot initiative and support their efforts in bringing innovative strategies to alleviate congestion,” said Jonathan Blackham, the Ontario Trucking Association's director – policy and public affairs.
It's not the first time a Canadian jurisdiction has tried this. When introduced in Vancouver during the 2010 Olympic Games, off-peak deliveries saw total truck volumes drop 37% during congested periods. During the 2015 Pan Am and Parapan Am Games, about 100 businesses and more than 500 receiving locations participated in such a project.
A 2009 pilot study of off-peak deliveries in New York City saw participants realize a 30% drop in costs, shorter delivery times, and lower parking fines.
“OTA is hopeful that shippers and receivers also embrace this initiative, as we know in the past there has been some hesitation to shift workers to off-peak shipping/receiving,” added Blackham.
Those interested in participating in the pilot project can contact Elizabeth Bang, Peel's principal planner – transportation systems planning, at 905-791-7800, ext 4694, or email elizabeth.bang@peelregion.ca.
Services sector activity in the UK economy extended its rebound in the month of June, and surprised markets to the upside, services PMI jumped to 55.1 in June versus a 54.0 reading booked in June. Markets expected 54.0 last month. The survey data indicate that the economy likely grew by 0.4% in the second quarter, up from 0.2% in the opening quarter of 2018. Sterling rose against the euro on the back of the news.
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump hosted their first state dinner Tuesday evening in honor of French President Emmanuel Macron.The first couple greeted Macron and his wife on the steps of the White House North Portico, with the couples exchanging a round of cheek kisses before posing for photos. While President Trump wore a tuxedo, first lady Melania Trump donned a full-length black Chantilly lace Chanel Haute Couture gown, hand painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins, according to her spokeswoman.Joining the main guests of honor, Macron and his wife, Brigitte Macron, is an exclusive list of 130 guests, who will be seated across 13 candlelit tables of 10 in the State Dining Room. Among the attendees are Apple CEO Tim Cook, who brought as his guest former Obama EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson, statesman Henry Kissinger, Chief Justice John Roberts, media mogul Rubert Murdoch, managing director of the IMF Christine Lagarde, two Olympic gold medalists, Bernard Arnault, chairman of LVMH group which owns Louis Vuitton, Fendi and Dior, and the president's daughter and son-in-law Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner.Presidents Trump and Macron toasted to their friendship and the broader alliance between France and U.S. at the dinner."May our friendship grow even deeper, may our kinship grow even stronger, and may our sacred liberty never die," said President Trump, who declared the evening a celebration "of the nearly two-and-a-half centuries of friendship between two countries."President Macron, in turn, echoed the warm sentiment expressed by President Trump and made a joke at Great Britain's expense in noting the deep ties between the U.S. and France."This White House so full of history, that the British burned down in 1815, and I say this in the most amicable way, and that James Monroe then had the brilliant idea of decorating in French furniture, a man of taste, in fact, he was a former ambassador to Paris," President Macron said. Melania Trump has personally overseen the planning for the evening, which has been decorated in a crme and gold color scheme and draws from American and French influences. Twelve hundred branches of cherry blossom, 2,500 stems of white sweet peas and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac adorn the White House, while the Washington National Opera is providing musical entertainment for the evening. Dinner will be served in the formal State Dining Room on settings of Clinton and Bush china, as well as silver from the White House collection, from Tiffany & Co., and S. Kirk & Sons.The menu has been planned to "showcase of the best of America's cuisines and traditions, with nuances of French influences," according to the White House, and will be prepared by White House executive chef Christeta Comerford.The first course is a salad of greens from the White House kitchen garden and will feature a goat cheese gateau, tomato jam and biscuit crumbles. The main course will be a rack of lamb and jambalaya. For dessert, there's a nectarine tart and ice cream.Wines for the evening were carefully selected for the evening to both "complement the menu and embody the historic friendship between the United States and France."The dinner capped a larger itinerary of ceremonial events in Macron's honor on Tuesday. Macron was welcomed to the White House this morning with a traditional military arrival ceremony involving 500 members of the military, and complete with a 21-gun salute, cannon-firings and patriotic music.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico's national security commissioner says respected journalist Javier Valdez was killed last year because of his work.
National Security Commissioner Renato Sales also said Tuesday at a brief news conference that the arrest of a suspect in Valdez's killing was achieved without force. The government announced late Monday that a Sinaloa cartel member known by the nickname "Koala" was arrested in Tijuana.
Weeks before his murder, Valdez interviewed Damaso Lopez, who had been Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman's right-hand man leading the Sinaloa cartel. At the time, Lopez was battling Guzman's sons for control of the cartel.
Valdez's colleagues and journalism advocates called on the government Tuesday to continue pursuing the mastermind of the May 15, 2017, slaying in the western city of Culiacan.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- Tennessee coach Rick Barnes usually finds some reason to criticize his team's performance even after lopsided wins.
Not this time.
Grant Williams and Lamonte' Turner scored 17 points each to lead five Tennessee players in double figures Saturday night as the 18th-ranked Volunteers trounced Mississippi 94-61 for their fifth straight victory.
In the second half, Tennessee scored 59 points while shooting 71.4 percent overall (20 of 28) and from 3-point range (10 of 14).
''Probably obviously the best half of the year we've played,'' Barnes said. ''When the ball's going in, it makes everything look good.''
The blowout enabled Tennessee (17-5, 7-3 SEC) to move into sole possession of second place in the Southeastern Conference. The Vols began the day in a three-way tie for second with No. 21 Kentucky and No. 23 Florida, which both lost Saturday.
Tennessee forward Admiral Schofield said the Vols won't get distracted by their rise in stature. Schofield said the Vols haven't forgotten how the SEC media projected them to finish 13th in the 14-team conference.
''We were picked 13th to start the season, so we're always in the locker room thinking how can we get out of that 13th position,'' said Schofield, who had 15 points and 12 rebounds.
Tennessee has won eight of its last nine games while Ole Miss (11-12, 4-6) has dropped five of its last six. With eight games remaining in the regular season, Tennessee already has exceeded its 2016-17 win total. The Vols finished 16-16 last year.
Tennessee showed its enormous potential in a brilliant second-half performance. The Vols outscored Ole Miss 59-36 after halftime. They had 27 assists and only six turnovers for the game, including a 17-1 ratio in the second half.
''Today obviously was an avalanche,'' Ole Miss coach Andy Kennedy said. ''Unfortunately, we were under it.''
Japanese telecommunications, internet and solar company SoftBank Group Corp. is buying U.S. investment company Fortress Investment Group for $3.3 billion.
The deal was announced by both sides Wednesday. New York-based Fortress, which manages global investments, said its senior professionals will stay to keep up its fund performance.
Tokyo-based SoftBank has been aggressive in global acquisitions. Chief Executive Masayoshi Son was recently seen with President Donald Trump, who praised his promise to invest $50 billion in U.S. startups to create 50,000 jobs.
"Fortress' excellent track record speaks for itself, and we look forward to benefiting from its leadership, broad-based expertise and world-class investment platform," Son said in a statement.
He said the acquisition will immediately contribute to his strategy for growth.
SoftBank owns the U.S. wireless company Sprint Corp. and Britain's ARM Holdings. ARM is known as an innovator in the "internet of things," and in technology used in smartphones.
It has set up a $25 billion private fund for technology investments that it says may grow to $100 billion.
Fortress co-chairmen Pete Briger and Wes Edens praised Son as "visionary," noting the companies had much in common, and said the deal will benefit shareholders.
"We join a company with tremendous scale and resources, and a culture completely aligned with our focus on performance, service and innovation," they said in a joint statement.
SoftBank, the first carrier to offer the iPhone in Japan, also sells the Pepper human-shaped companion robot. The company, founded in 1981, has within its investment empire financial technology and ride-booking services.
———
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama
Updated at 2:45 p.m. ET
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that President Trump asked for Michael Flynn's resignation on Monday night, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust" with his national security adviser.
The account differs from the impression the White House gave initially, framing it as Flynn's decision to step down amid questions about whether he inappropriately talked about U.S. sanctions with a Russian official and then subsequently misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations.
"The president was very concerned that Gen. Flynn had misled the vice president and others," Spicer said.
White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said Tuesday morning on NBC's Today Show that Flynn realized "he had become a lightning rod," leading to his resignation, and that "it was misleading the vice president that made the situation unsustainable."
Spicer underscored that it was not a "legal issue, but a trust issue" that led to Flynn's dismissal.
"The president must have complete and unwavering trust for the person in that position," the press secretary said. "The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation in a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for Gen. Flynn's resignation."
But throughout the tense White House briefing, Spicer offered up a conflicting timeline for how the phone call between Flynn and the Russian ambassador came to light, when the Department of Justice alerted the White House to issues from the conversation and how long it took the president to decide on Flynn's fate.
"We've been reviewing and evaluating this issue with respect to Gen. Flynn on a daily basis for a few weeks, trying to ascertain the truth," Spicer said, even though Trump said Friday aboard Air Force One as he was traveling to his Mar-a-Lago resort that he wasn't aware of a Washington Post story that said Flynn had misled Pence about his call with the Russian ambassador.
Attorney General Sally Yates (whom Trump later fired after she refused to defend his controversial travel and immigration ban) told the White House last month that the Justice Department believed Flynn had misled the White House about his conversations, NPR's Carrie Johnson reported on Monday.
Spicer said that White House aides were indeed briefed by the Justice Department, but then he also appeared to cast blame on the department for not acting more swiftly, asking, "Where was the Department of Justice in this?"
Despite the weeks-long delay in deciding Flynn's fate as controversy only grew, Spicer asserted that Trump had been "unbelievably decisive."
"The irony of all this has been the president has been incredibly tough on Russia," Spicer further claimed, despite the fact that Trump repeatedly praised Russia and President Vladimir Putin throughout the campaign and cast doubt on U.S. intelligence findings that the country conspired to meddle in the U.S. elections.
At the same time that Flynn made the call to the Russian ambassador over the Obama administration's sanctions for cyberattacks, the then-president-elect tweeted praise for Putin's decision not to respond immediately.
Spicer also echoed Trump's Tuesday-morning tweet, arguing that one major issue of concern was that "all of this information was leaked."
NEW YORK (AP) — A new bipartisan task force will tackle what its founders say is the erosion of governmental norms created by the election of President Donald Trump.
Democratic former U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara and Republican former New Jersey Gov. Christine Todd Whitman announced the task force in an editorial published in USA Today , the pair said that since the election of President Donald Trump, they've seen a deep erosion of "the norms and boundaries traditionally guiding American political behavior."
"A workable democracy can thrive only when there are basic rules, often unwritten, that curb abuse and guide policymakers," they said. "It's time to turn soft norms into hard law."
The opinion piece cited Trump's refusal to divorce himself from his business interests and what Bharara and Whitman said were the Republican president's efforts to influence federal criminal investigations.
"All this shows just how easily a chief executive can ignore the unwritten rules that typically constrain presidents. We see similar erosion elsewhere in government, too. For example, a major tax bill, affecting the whole economy, enacted with no committee hearings," they wrote.
The pair said the task force will be based at the Brennan Center for Justice, a policy institute at New York University's School of Law.
They said it would review whether informal norms surrounding financial conflicts, political interference with law enforcement, the use of government data and science and the appointment of public officials should be codified into enforceable law.
Bharara is a frequent critic of Trump, who fired him last year as part of a purge of prosecutors appointed by President Barack Obama, a Democrat. Whitman was a former Environmental Protection Agency Administrator under Republican President George W. Bush and has criticized Trump's environmental policies.
A mum whose two daughters attend a Lancashire school which went into lockdown amid reports that two teenagers were heading to the premises armed with knives has praised the school for their handling of the situation.
St Mary's Catholic School in Leyland initiated its lockdown procedure last week after the knife claims – which were later found to be a false alarm.
Trish Bethel, whose two daughters Harriot, 14 and Amelia, 11
Two teenagers who were not pupils at the school had gone to meet a pupil but were not found to have knives.
It was a traumatic event for children and teachers at the school as they were told to lock themselves into classrooms, barricade the doors and hide underneath desks.
Pupils were kept inside the school for over an hour, and when shaken children made their way out of the building, many were in tears.
Trish Bethel, whose two daughters Harriot, 14 and Amelia, 11, are both pupils at the school, says she feels the school acted quickly and handled things well.
Book-keeper Trish, 44, who is married to Scott and lives in Walmer Bridge, said: “When we got to the school at the end of the day, the gate were locked and shut which was unusual.
“Then one parent told people that the school was in lockdown as two lads with knives had been heading there.
“Fear sank in and when you are stood outside not knowing what is happening, you fear the worst.
“The real panic started when rumours began flying around and somebody said two boys were inside stabbing people.
“When the children were finally let out, no one was allowed to leave until a parent was there and there was a lady with a clipboard ticking everyone off.
“Some of the children came out very upset and in tears and my girls were shaken by it all.
“However, from my point of view, the school acted amazingly and handled a difficult situation really well.
“The headteacher acted very quickly by putting the school into lookdown to protect our children.
“Luckily, in this case, the boys were not armed, but even if the threat had been real, I believe all the children would have been safe because of the actions of the school.”
The school confirmed that pupils and staff knew exactly what to do as they had practiced lockdown the term before.
The Department for Education recommends that schools create and maintain an emergency plan, provide training to staff who could become involved in an incident and carry out exercises to test their plans.
Guidance from Lancashire County Council includes advice on lockdown procedures intended to prevent an intruder from causing harm to pupils and staff.
Trish says she is glad the school had done drills. She says: “The school had done lockdown training before Christmas and the children had been prepped in what to do in an emergency situation.
“They knew they had to lock and block the door and sit under the desks and wait.
“No one wants these terrible things to happen but it is good that schools are preparing children just in case.
“At first the children thought it was another drill so they did not panic.
“The school did all the right things. Luckily, there was nothing to worry about on this occasion but the school did everything they could to keep pupils safe.”
The European Union's top five economies are warning the United States that its massive tax overhaul could violate some of its international obligations and risks having "a major distortive impact" on trade.
In a letter to U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin, the finance ministers of Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Spain wrote they had "significant concerns" about three tax initiatives in particular.
In the letter, seen by The Associated Press, the five wrote that "it is important that the U.S. government's rights over domestic tax policy be exercised in a way that adheres with international obligations to which it has signed-up."
EU nations have been warily eyeing President Trump's domestic tax proposals as they made their way through congress and have long expressed fears they might hurt world trade and EU companies in particular.
"The inclusion of certain less conventional international tax provisions could contravene the U.S.'s double taxation treaties and may risk having a major distortive impact on international trade," the five wrote.
They specifically targeted the so-called Base Erosion and Anti-abuse Tax (or BEAT) Senate bill. This measure aims to combat what is called base erosion and profit shifting, the practice by some multinationals to avoid tax by exploiting mismatches in countries' tax rules to artificially report their profits in countries with low or no taxes.
The finance ministers lauded the measure's aim to ensure companies pay their fair share in taxes to the U.S. But they said that under the current plans, the measures would also hurt genuine commercial deals. In the financial sector in particular, "the provision appears to have the potential of being extremely harmful for international banking and insurance business."
They said it "may lead to significant tax charges and may harmfully distort international financial markets."
The EU's 28 finance ministers had already expressed concern about the U.S. plans during a meeting last week, but now its five biggest economies have gone ahead with their own warning.
In Washington, Republicans are upbeat about finalizing the tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
Trump has set a Christmas deadline for signing the bill into law, giving lawmakers named to a special conference committee two weeks to iron out major differences in the House and Senate versions of the legislation. The conference committee has scheduled its first formal meeting for Wednesday.
Both measures would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit, combining steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals. Together, the changes would amount to the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in 30 years, touching every corner of society.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
By Danny Cox
The AFC Championship Game was almost two weeks ago, and the New England Patriots suffered a small handful of injuries during that contest that seemed quite concerning. With that much time between the conclusion of that game and Super Bowl LII, the hope was that most of the injuries would heal up and that the majority of the roster would be in playing shape to face the Philadelphia Eagles.
Little did anyone expect for the New England Patriots to have a Super Bowl injury report without a single player listed.
That's right. For the first time all season, the Pats have not a single person listed on their injury report as late on Friday afternoon; they've removed every single player. Earlier in the week, there were a handful of names on it and some who were dealing with some rather serious issues, but everything seems to have been cleared up.
Earlier in the week, the Patriots had four players listed on the injury report and all of them have healed up in the exact same timeframe. They were limited in practice on Wednesday, practiced in full for the first time on Thursday, and were completely removed from the list as of Friday.
The biggest name was obviously that of tight end Rob Gronkowski, who suffered a concussion after taking a very hard hit to the helmet against the Jacksonville Jaguars. On Tuesday, Gronk said that he was feeling much better and he expected to be cleared and removed from the NFL's concussion protocol at any moment, but Wednesday came and went without change.
This brought about a bit of concern as the Super Bowl was drawing ever closer and the Patriots knew that playing without Gronk was becoming a bigger possibility. On Thursday, though, the star tight end was cleared and participated fully in Thursday's practice.
One of the other big worries of New England coaches was cornerback Malcolm Butler, who was battling an illness that came with flu-like symptoms. It was actually quite serious and he did not fly out to Minnesota with his teammates on Monday, as he didn't want to get any of them sick. He stayed behind in Massachusetts and went to the hospital a number of times, but he was never admitted overnight. By Wednesday, Butler was practicing in a limited capacity and ready to go full-speed on Thursday.
Defensive back Brandon King (knee) and defensive lineman Deatrich Wise (concussion) were the other two players on the injury report at the beginning of the week, but they also improved enough to practice fully on Thursday. On Friday, they were practicing at full-speed once again and removed from the injury report.
It is quite unheard of for an NFL team to have an empty injury report at any point in a season, and that includes Week 1. Still, here are the New England Patriots with a clean slate and a totally healthy team as they prepare to face the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII on Sunday.
Out:
None
Doubtful
None
Questionable
None
Probable
A nonprofit organization that has orchestrated a wide-reaching campaign against foreign drug imports has deep ties to the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, or PhRMA, the powerful lobbying group that includes Eli Lilly, Pfizer and Bayer.
The nonprofit, called the Partnership for Safe Medicines, has recently emerged as a leading voice against Senate bills that would allow drugs to be imported from Canada.
Both the lobbying group and the nonprofit partnership have gone to great lengths to show that drugmakers are not driving what they describe as a grass-roots effort to fight imports, including an expensive advertising blitz and an event last week that featured high-profile former FBI officials and a former Food and Drug Administration commissioner.
However, a Kaiser Health News analysis of groups involved in the partnership shows more than one-third have received PhRMA funding or are local chapters of groups that have received PhRMA funding, according to PhRMA tax disclosures from 2013 to 2015.
Forty-seven of the organizations listed in the ads appear to be advocacy organizations that received no money from PhRMA in those years.
A PhRMA senior vice president, Scott LaGanga, previously led the Partnership for Safe Medicines for 10 years. At PhRMA, LaGanga was responsible for the lobbying group's alliances with patient advocacy groups, and he was simultaneously listed as the executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines on each of that group's annual tax filings since 2007, the earliest year for which they are available from ProPublica's Nonprofit Explorer.
LaGanga wrote a 2011 article about the partnership's origins. Published in the Journal of Commercial Biotechnology, it described "public-private partnerships in addressing counterfeit medicines." His PhRMA job was not disclosed in the article.
From 2010 to 2014, the organization hosted a conference called the Partnership for Safe Medicines Interchange. In a video from a 2013 event, LaGanga thanks pharmaceutical companies, most of them PhRMA members, for sponsoring the event.
In February, LaGanga moved to a senior role at PhRMA and stepped down as executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines, just as the group's campaign to stop import legislation was revving up.
The partnership's new executive director, Shabbir Safdar, said LaGanga resigned from the group to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest.
"That's why Scott's not executive director anymore," he said. PhRMA declined to make LaGanga available for an interview.
Considering Legislation
The Senate push to allow Americans to buy pharmaceuticals from Canada comes as more patients balk at filling prescriptions because of soaring drug prices. Prescription medicines purchased in the U.S. can run three times what they cost in Canada, data from the company PharmacyChecker.com show.
In 2016, about 19 million Americans purchased pharmaceuticals illegally from foreign sources through online pharmacies or while traveling, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll. Many survey respondents cited pricing disparities as the reason.
A bill cosponsored by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) would provide a mechanism for Canadian drug manufacturers to sell to U.S. consumers and pharmacies. Sanders introduced the bill in February. In January, Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) also introduced a bill to allow drug imports from Canada.
In the House, Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) introduced a similar bill to Sanders', along with 23 other Democrats.
The U.S. drug industry has strongly opposed efforts to open the borders to drug imports, but the PhRMA lobbying group is not mentioned in the nonprofit partnership's recent advertising blitz against the proposed legislation. The nonprofit says its grass-roots effort is supported by 170 members, including professional organizations and trade groups.
The nonprofit describes PhRMA as a dues-paying member with no larger role in shaping the group's activities. Partnership spokeswoman Clare Krusing would not say how much each member contributes. PhRMA spokeswoman Allyson Funk declined to say whether PhRMA funds the partnership.
"PhRMA engages with stakeholders across the health care system to hear their perspectives and priorities," Funk said. "We work with many organizations with which we have both agreements and disagreements on public policy issues, and believe engagement and dialogue are critical."
Campaigning Against Drug Imports
The partnership recently launched its ad campaign, warning against the alleged dangers of legalizing Canadian drug imports. It includes television commercials, promoted search results on Google and a full-page print ad in The Washington Post and The Hill. The group's YouTube page shows recent commercials targeted to viewers in 13 states.
"We don't disclose specific ad figures, but the campaign is in the high six figures," Safdar said.
The commercials ask voters to urge their senators to "oppose dangerous drug importation legislation."
The newspaper ad reads, "Keep the nation's prescription drug supply safe. Urge the Senate to reject drug importation measures." Its headline declares that "170 healthcare advocacy groups oppose drug importation," noting a letter to Congress signed by its members. The ad lists 160 members who signed the letter, and PhRMA's name is not included.
"Having a big membership allows the coalition to present what looks like a unified show of grass-roots support ... but it does raise questions about which members of the coalition are really driving and funding the group's policy-making," said Matthew McCoy, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Pennsylvania who studies patient advocacy groups.
The list of groups includes at least 64 trade organizations representing the biomedical industry, professional associations representing pharmacists, a private research company and two insurance companies.
One group that signed the letter, the "Citrus Council, National Kidney Foundation of Florida Inc.," represents a single volunteer, according to an email from the group. A spokesman for the National Kidney Foundation of Florida said the volunteer's views contradict the position of the umbrella group, and said the foundation supports "any sort of drug importation that allows our patients to have access to drugs at the best price."
Two of the hepatitis patients' advocacy groups that were listed, the National Association of Hepatitis Task Forces and the California Hepatitis C Task Force, are run by the same person, Bill Remak. Remak said the groups receive small amounts of PhRMA funding.
"I don't enjoy having to take this extreme position of saying we shouldn't import at all, but until we have some oversight regime, some way of protecting consumers, it's a really tough call," he said.
"Current drug importation proposals do not appear to have equal safety and chain-of-custody accountability laid out adequately for patient safety concerns," said William Arnold, president of the Community Access National Network, which is also listed in the ad and is an advocacy and support group for people living with HIV/AIDS or hepatitis in Washington, D.C. His group did not accept money from PhRMA between 2013 to 2015, the Kaiser Health News analysis found.
Concerns About Safety And Price
Last week, the partnership hosted a panel at the National Press Club featuring former FBI director Louis Freeh and former FDA commissioner Dr. Andrew von Eschenbach. The discussion focused on the alleged health and legal dangers of online pharmacies.
"You can talk about lowering prices, but if a drug comes with a high probability of toxicity and death, that comes at a high cost to the patient," von Eschenbach said. "That's what's at issue with drug importation."
Each speaker argued that the bill co-sponsored by Sanders would be harmful to patients. Around the same time that bill was introduced, the partnership also sent emails to member organizations seeking help to stop such a measure.
Speakers at the partnership event claimed importation would lead to a flood of counterfeit medicines laced with arsenic, fentanyl and lead paint.
"These drugs are manufactured in jungles, in tin drums, in basements. ... Those are the sort of sanitary conditions we're talking about here," said George Karavetsos, a former director of the FDA's Office of Criminal Investigations.
Both von Eschenbach and Karavetsos have ties to the pharmaceutical industry. Von Eschenbach left the FDA in 2009 to join Greenleaf Health, which counsels pharmaceutical clients, before starting his own consulting company, and Karavetsos counsels pharmaceutical clients at DLA Piper, a Washington, D.C., law firm.
In an interview, Josh Miller-Lewis, Sanders' deputy director of communications, refuted Karavetsos' arguments. He said Canadian drugmakers can apply for licenses, and all drugs would have to come from FDA-inspected plants.
Politico reported in October that PhRMA is bolstering its war chest by another $100 million per year, suggesting to many industry analysts that drugmakers are gearing up for a ferocious fight.
"I think it's safe to say pharmaceutical corporations are prepared to spend some fraction of their multibillion-dollar profits to fight drug importation and any other policy that might end the plague of overpriced medicine," said Rick Claypool, research director for Public Citizen, a watchdog group critical of the drug industry.
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent newsroom that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.
DANVERS, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Samsung has announced a growth vision centered on improving the quality and safety of patient care through a commitment to lower radiation across its innovative suite of medical imaging products. A prime example is Samsung's GC85A premium fully digital X-ray system, which provides the same image quality with half the radiation. Samsung's engine S-Vue™ 3.02 received FDA clearance last November for use at 50 percent dose reduction for adult chest exams. Constantly working to lower dose exposure is a top priority for radiologists and healthcare professionals, and the GC85A's dose reduction represents a breakthrough in medical imaging technology.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005323/en/
Samsung's GC85A with new S-Vue™ provides greater diagnostic confidence with 50% dose reduction*. (Photo: Business Wire)
When it comes to dose management, precision is key. The GC85A incorporates Samsung's Image Post-processing Engine S-Vue™ 3.02 that provides spatially adaptive multi-scale processing and advanced de-noising technology delivering quality images with only half the dose.
“I recently participated in Samsung's Low Dose Study and personally evaluated 10 chest X-rays, finding that the overall image quality was excellent,” said Dr. Hetal Patel, Chief of Radiology, ARMC-Moses Cone Health, Greensboro Radiology P.A. “The reduced-dose X-ray was either of comparable quality or better quality, and I would advocate for all chest X-rays to be done using this methodology.”
In practice, patients who receive a chest X-ray from the GC85A are subjected to 8 microsieverts (μSv) of radiation. To place that in context, it is as low as the average dose exposed during a three-hour flight from Chicago to New York. In other words, the radiation levels of the Samsung GC85A are incredibly low and therefore safer for patients.
Samsung will continue to reduce dose without compromising image quality. In March, Samsung received Low Dose clearance from the South Korea Ministry of Food & Drug Safety (MFDS) and CE marked for applying dose reduction technology in other X-ray models.
“We are committed to continuing to reduce radiation dose in our products and we are delighted with the GC85A's low dose performance,” said Philip Sullivan, President and CEO of NeuroLogica, a subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. "We plan to expand our dose-reduction protocols from chest to other parts of the body such as the abdomen and include pediatrics in the near future.”
We all encounter low radiation levels through sources in our everyday life, including the air we breathe, but no one wants patients to be exposed to more radiation than necessary.
Samsung is aiming to lower dose exposure in X-ray systems to levels comparable to everyday items.
Check out this video to learn more and find out how Samsung is lowering radiation dosage here.
Samsung's efforts to educate and build awareness to dose radiation can be found at www.samsunghealthcare.com/en/lowdose.
*The dose reduction in GC85A digital chest radiography is based on limited phantom and clinical study results. Only routine PA chest radiography for average size adults were studied, excluding pediatric patients.
About NeuroLogica NeuroLogica, the healthcare subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., develops, manufactures, and markets innovative imaging technologies and is committed to delivering fast, easy and accurate diagnostic solutions to healthcare providers. NeuroLogica, the global corporate headquarters and manufacturer of Samsung computed tomography, is also the US headquarters for sales, marketing and distribution of all Samsung digital radiography and ultrasound systems. NeuroLogica's growing portfolio of advanced medical technologies are used worldwide in leading healthcare institutions helping providers enhance patient care, improve patient satisfaction, and increase workflow efficiency. For more information, please visit .
About Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Samsung inspires the world and shapes the future with transformative ideas and technologies. The company is redefining the worlds of TVs, smartphones, wearable devices, tablets, digital appliances, network systems and memory, system LSI, foundry and LED solutions. For the latest news, please visit the Samsung Newsroom at http://news.samsung.com/.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005323/en/
CONTACT: Samsung NeuroLogica
Lynne Gagne, 978-564-8576
lgagne@samsungneurologica.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA MASSACHUSETTS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE AUDIO/VIDEO HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY MEDICAL DEVICES RADIOLOGY OTHER HEALTH GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: Samsung NeuroLogica
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005323/en
The famed St. Louis Gateway Arch is easily the most recognizable monument in the city of St. Louis. Constructed of stainless steel and standing 630 feet high, makes it the world's tallest arch and the tallest man-made monument in the Western Hemisphere, which can be seen up to 30 miles in each direction on a clear day. The historical piece represents the gateway to the west for early settlers and is also the perfect backdrop for the 2017 AAA Insurance NHRA Midwest Nationals held September 29 – October 1 at Gateway Motorsports Park in Madison, Illinois.
The event is part of the NHRA's exciting Countdown to the Championship and Chevy fans had reason to celebrate as Chevy Camaro racer Greg Anderson took the win in Pro Stock, young phenom Pete Gasko Jr. was consistent all weekend to take his second win of the season in the SAM Tech Factory Stock Showdown driving his COPO Camaro, and veteran drag racer Troy Coughlin battled to the Pro Mod title in his 2015 Corvette.
In the Pro Stock final, Anderson took on Summit Racing teammate Jason Line and used a holeshot to win via a 6.571 at 210.73 against Line's quicker but losing 6.545, 212.26. The win also allowed Anderson to take the points lead in the Pro Stock class, passing KB Racing teammate Bo Butner.
The always exciting, wheels-up NHRA Factory Stock Showdown final saw Pete Gasko Jr. hold off Mustang racer Kevin Skinner with an 8.162 at 167.03 to Skinner's 8.243 at 161.57.
Other Chevy racing notables included Slate Cummings taking the win in Super Stock behind the wheel of his 2006 Chevy Cavalier and Tyler Wudarczyk, driving his 1969 Camaro, came away with the Stock Eliminator title.
Chevy drag racers once again proved Bowtie dominance at the 2017 AAA Insurance NHRA Midwest Nationals, and we were there to capture all the action in this huge image gallery featuring over 160 action photos.
Photos by Ron Lewis
12:33 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Car bomb in Baghdad kills 32 Read more
ISIS greets French president with terror attack. ► ◄ Last Briefs
After returning from a visit to Pearl Harbor last week, Japanese Defense Minister Tomomi Inada visited a Tokyo shrine that honors Japan's war dead, including convicted war criminals. Inada had accompanied Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during his visit to Pearl Harbor, where he offered condolences to those who died in the Japanese attack there in 1941.
In other images from the Asia-Pacific region last week, South Korean opposition politicians called for nullifying a settlement reached between Seoul and Tokyo on compensation for South Korean women forced into sexual slavery by Japan's military during World War II. The move came on the anniversary of the deal, and amid growing efforts to erase some of the key policies of impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye.
A powerful typhoon killed at least six people and spoiled Christmas in several provinces in the Philippines, with more than 380,000 people abandoning celebrations at home to reach emergency shelters and other safer grounds.
South Korea is fighting its worst bird flu outbreak in a decade. The government said that about 26 million head of poultry would be culled, including about one-third of the country's egg-laying hens, after the H5N6 strain of avian influenza was found in farms and parks.
China and Sao Tome and Principe officially resumed diplomatic relations in a triumph for Beijing over rival Taiwan after the African island nation abruptly broke away from the self-ruled island earlier in December.
———
This gallery was curated by Associated Press photo editor Masayo Yoshida in Tokyo.
By CHRISTOPHER RUGABER
WASHINGTON — The U.S. lost 33,000 jobs in September after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hit Texas, Florida and other Southeastern states. It was the first decline in nearly seven years.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the Labor Department said Friday, the lowest level since February 2001.
Looking past the hurricanes' impact, the job market and economy generally look healthy. Some economists expect job growth to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry.
Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather, the government said, the most in 20 years.
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas, the government says. That's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation's workforce. Hourly employees in the area who couldn't work and missed a paycheck were counted as not working, thereby lowering the September job gain. That's true even if those employees return to work after the storm passes.
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market.
On Wednesday, a survey of services firms — covering restaurants, construction companies, retail stores, banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005. That followed a survey of manufacturers, which found an equally strong gain. Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years.
There are signs that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy. Auto sales, which had been lackluster this year, jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago, according to Autodata Corp., as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms. That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production.
Harvey caused about $76 billion to $87 billion in economic losses, according to Moody's Analytics, an economic consulting firm. The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output. That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster, after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Irma will likely end up having caused $58 billion to $83 billion in economic losses, Moody's forecasts. Maria, which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, could cost $45 billion to $95 billion, though that is a preliminary estimate.
___
Katherine Heigl considered quitting Hollywood after rumours of her difficult reputation began.
The actress hit headlines after starring in 2007 comedy Knocked Up, where she played successful E! News presenter Alison who has her world turned upside down when she falls pregnant after a one-night stand with Seth Rogen's stoner character Ben.
Katherine later upset Seth and the film's director Judd Apatow when she called the comedy film “a little sexist”, telling Vanity Fair back in 2008: “Ninety-eight per cent of the time it was an amazing experience, but it was hard for me to love the movie.”
Katherine also faced a backlash for declining to submit any of her work from U.S. TV medial drama Grey's Anatomy episodes for Emmy consideration in 2008, releasing a statement criticising the material she had been given. “I did not feel that I was given the material this season to warrant an Emmy nomination,” she said in the statement.
Despite later apologizing for her gaffes, Katherine struggled to come to terms with the criticism and has revealed in a new interview that she even considered quitting acting.
“Maybe everybody in their career feels that way, especially when you've been at it for a really long time,” the 38-year-old told the Press Association. “You have these ups and downs and these ebbs and flows.
“This thing you were once so passionate about and was your heart and soul has now turned on you and it's your mortal enemy instead of your best friend. I think that's pretty typical of most people.”
The mother-of-three added she often overanalysed her previous interviews to see how she could have been misconstrued as being difficult. “Nobody wants to hear things like that about themselves,” she said. “One thing I think I'm relatively good at is asking myself and truly addressing; ‘Is there an issue here?'
“You have to be accountable for your behaviour. Now maybe I go a little too far in beating myself up, or self evaluation, or not trusting my own instincts.”
Katherine has since buried the hatchet with her Knocked Up co-star Seth and director Judd, and even considered working with them again on a sequel to the hit comedy.
“Wouldn't that be fun? What do you think that looks like? (Ben and Alison) 10 years later. Do they have more children? Have they made it? Are they still together?” Katherine said.
“Maybe they're getting separated. That would be depressing though. I wouldn't want to see that one.”
When newest "Bachelor" Nick Viall meets the 30 women competing for his heart on the 21st season premiere of the hit ABC series, he may recognize one contestant.
In an exclusive preview of the season's first episode, contestant Elizabeth "Liz" Sandoz admits, "Before tonight I actually met Nick at Jade [Roper] and Tanner [Tolbert]'s wedding."
"Bachelor" alum Roper, 28, and Tolbert, 28, met while filming the second season of "Bachelor in Paradise" and wed last September.
"And there definitely was a connection and chemistry there and we had sex," Sandoz recalls of her encounter with Viall. "It was just a fun night."
"I'm definitely nervous and I'm curious to see if he kind of figures who I am and remembers what happened that night," Sandoz continues in the video preview.
In the preview, we see Viall, 36, the two-time "Bachelorette" runner-up from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, hug and embrace Sandoz, a doula from Las Vegas, after she steps out of the limo at the "Bachelor" mansion.
The two hold hands as they greet each other.
"You look fantastic. That dress is great," Viall says.
They hug one more time, but viewers aren't certain if Viall remembers their rendezvous. Even Sandoz says she is unsure.
"So that made me feel like he doesn't know who I am ... and I kind of like that," she says in the preview. "I like a little mystery. I kind of want to see how the night plays out and I can't wait to refresh his memory a little bit."
Viewers will have to wait to find out if Viall remembers Sandoz tonight when "The Bachelor" premieres at 8 p.m. ET.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A man with a rifle opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice Wednesday near Washington, wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as congressmen and aides dove for cover. The assailant fought a gun battle with police before being shot and killed.
A congressional aide and a volunteer also were wounded, along with two U.S. Capitol police officers.
A look at previous security incidents at the Capitol or political violence involving members of Congress:
— March 29, 2017: A 20-year-old woman described as "erratic and aggressive" drives a vehicle into a Capitol Police cruiser and is taken into custody, closing down streets near the Capitol for nearly three hours. Shots were fired during the arrest attempt, but the event appeared to be criminal in nature with "no nexus to terrorism," Capitol Police said. No one was injured.
— March 28, 2016: Police shoot a man after he pulled a weapon at a Capitol checkpoint as spring tourists thronged Washington. Congress was not in session. Police identified the man as 66-year-old Larry Dawson of Tennessee, who was charged with assault with a deadly weapon and assault on a police officer while armed.
— Jan. 14, 2015: A 22-year-old Ohio man is arrested by the FBI in an alleged plot to attack the Capitol in support of the Islamic State terror group. Christopher Lee Cornell of suburban Cincinnati pleaded guilty to three charges, including attempted murder of U.S. officials and employees. Court documents show Cornell said he wanted to attack during President Barack Obama's State of the Union address.
— Nov. 6, 2014: A former Cincinnati-area bartender is charged with threatening to kill House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio. Michael Hoyt, who worked at a country club in Boehner's suburban community, was accused of threatening to kill Boehner with a gun or by poisoning his drink. A federal judge ruled Hoyt was insane at the time of the offense.
— Oct. 3, 2013: Miriam Carey, a 34-year-old dental hygienist from Connecticut, is shot and killed by Capitol Police officers in her vehicle outside the Hart Senate Office Building. Officers had pursued Carey from the White House, where she made a U-turn at a security checkpoint. Her young daughter was inside the car at the time and was unharmed. Her family later filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against the Secret Service and Capitol Police.
— Jan. 8, 2011: A gunman shoots Rep. Gabby Giffords, D-Ariz., in the head during a shooting rampage at a public event outside a grocery store in Tucson. Six people were killed, and 13 wounded, including Giffords. Jared Loughner, 25, was sentenced to life in prison for the shooting. Giffords resigned from office in 2012.
— Sept. 22, 2006: An armed man runs through the Capitol in an embarrassing security breach after allegedly crashing a sport utility vehicle into a police cruiser. Unarmed employees of the basement flag office subdued the man just before police arrived to arrest him.
— July 24, 1998: A man with a history of mental illness shoots his way into the Capitol building filled with lawmakers and tourists, killing two veteran Capitol Police officers and wounding a tourist. Officer Jacob Chestnut was killed at a first-floor Capitol entrance, and Detective John Gibson died after exchanging fire with gunman Russell Weston inside a suite of offices occupied by then-House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Texas. Weston was then wounded and captured.
— Nov. 7, 1983: A bomb rips through the second floor of the Capitol, damaging a conference room and the offices of Sen. Robert Byrd, D-W.Va. No one was injured. A caller had phoned The Washington Post warning that a bomb was about to explode. The caller claimed the action was in response to U.S. military aggression in Grenada and Lebanon.
— Nov. 18, 1978: Rep. Leo Ryan, D-Calif., is shot and killed while on an official visit to Guyana. He was investigating the activities of the Peoples Temple group led by Jim Jones, and was ambushed and shot multiple times by cult members while boarding a plan to leave Jonestown. Four others were also killed, three journalists and a defector, followed by a night of mass murder and suicide by more than 900 cult members.
— Jan. 30, 1973: Sen. John Stennis, D-Miss., is shot twice by robbers outside his Washington home. The 71-year-old senator survived and returned to the Hill.
— March 1, 1971: A bomb explodes in the men's room on the Senate side of the Capitol. It destroyed the restroom and a barbershop, but no one was injured. A caller said the bombing was to show opposition to the Vietnam War. The radical Weather Underground claimed responsibility, but no one was prosecuted for the act.
— June 5, 1968: New York Senator Robert F. Kennedy is shot by Sirhan Sirhan, a young Palestinian, at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles moments after declaring victory in the California Democratic presidential primary. Kennedy died the next day. Five other people were injured in the shooting.
— March 1, 1954: Five congressmen are shot on the floor of the House by Puerto Rican nationalists who fired shots from the visitors' gallery. The lawmakers all recovered. Four assailants were arrested.
— July 12, 1947: Sen. John Bricker, R-Ohio, is shot at twice as he enters the Senate subway. Both shots missed. The gunman was a former Capitol policeman who had lost money when an Ohio building and loan firm was liquidated.
— Sept. 10, 1935: Sen. Huey Long, D-La., dies in Baton Rouge two days after being shot in the Louisiana state Capitol, allegedly by Dr. Carl Weiss.
— Dec. 13, 1932: A gunman enters the House gallery and demands to address the House on the Great Depression. Rep. Melvin Maas, R-Minn., convinced the gunman to drop the loaded pistol before shots were fired.
Compiled by News Researchers Jennifer Farrar and Monika Mathur and Associated Press writer Matthew Daly.
The MarineMax mission is to bring people together – they are United by Water. Sometimes, that means banning the men in order to give the ladies a chance to captain their boats! MarineMax's exclusive Women on Water (WOW) courses are designed to get women behind the helm and enjoying the boating lifestyle.
These small group seminars, for women only, are designed to build confidence by presenting information in an active, fun, and supportive environment. A class is four to five hours and split in two parts: a classroom session and a practical, on-water session. The laid back approach MarineMax takes to educating female boaters helps to build confidence that they can be the captain of their own ship – no matter how large or small their boat may be.
Women on Water courses cover a variety of important and practical areas of the boating experience, including: boat terminology and anatomy, line handling, knot tying, docking, boat operation and handling, as well as safety, rules of the road, hands-on experience on the water and much more. Participants learn while having a lot of fun and even making some new friends in the process.
For more information about Women on Water classes at MarineMax Palm Beach at PGA Marina call (888) 597-6489 or go to their website. Round up some friends and plan to attend the next class!
Jennifer Lopez made certain her first trip to the Dominican Republic will be remembered for years to come when she paid a visit to a local school.
The superstar singer and her beau, the baseball great Alex Rodriguez, were a big hit when they dropped by the Fundación MIR in La Romana, a center run on a non-profit basis to provide education to children in need.
The celebrity couple appeared relaxed as two students performed J.Lo's 1999 song "No me ames" before they passed out 400 backpacks and school supplies to the gathered students. "It was clear both J.Lo and A.Rod enjoyed their visit to the Fundación MIR, affectionately hugging and smiling throughout," the association's website reports.
Such a beautiful afternoon visiting with the students at #fundacionmir #republicadominicana pic.twitter.com/goZ3Oi8s2R
— Jennifer Lopez (@JLo) April 18, 2017
Just two days earlier, Lopez kicked off concert season with a show at Altos de Chavón Amphitheater at Casa de Campo Resort & Villas, her first in the country.
Click here for more photos and highlights from Lopez' Dominican school trip.
By Steve Holland and John Walcott
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, resigned late on Monday after revelations that he had discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador to the United States before Trump took office and misled Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
Flynn's resignation came hours after it was reported that the Justice Department had warned the White House weeks ago that Flynn could be vulnerable to blackmail for contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak before Trump took power on Jan. 20.
Flynn's departure was a sobering development in Trump's young presidency, a 24-day period during which his White House has been repeatedly distracted by miscues and internal dramas.
The departure could slow Trump's bid to warm up relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Flynn submitted his resignation hours after Trump, through a spokesman, pointedly declined to publicly back Flynn, saying he was reviewing the situation and talking to Pence.
Flynn had promised Pence he had not discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russians, but transcripts of intercepted communications, described by U.S. officials, showed that the subject had come up in conversations between him and the Russian ambassador.
Such contacts could potentially be in violation of a law banning private citizens from engaging in foreign policy, known as the Logan Act.
Pence had defended Flynn in television interviews and was described by administration officials as upset about being misled.
"Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the vice president-elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the president and the vice president, and they have accepted my apology," Flynn said in his resignation letter.
Retired General Keith Kellogg, who has been chief of staff of the White House National Security Council, was named the acting national security adviser while Trump determines who should fill the position.
Kellogg, retired General David Petraeus, a former CIA director, and Robert Harward, a former deputy commander of U.S. Central Command, are under consideration for the position, a White House official said. Harward was described by officials as the leading candidate.
A U.S. official confirmed a Washington Post report that Sally Yates, the then-acting U.S. attorney general, told the White House late last month that she believed Flynn had misled them about the nature of his communications with the Russian ambassador.
She said Flynn might have put himself in a compromising position, possibly leaving himself vulnerable to blackmail, the official said. Yates was later fired for opposing Trump's temporary entry ban for people from seven mostly Muslim nations.
CHANGE LESS LIKELY?
A U.S. official, describing the intercepted communications, said Flynn did not make any promises about lifting the sanctions.
But he did indicate that sanctions imposed by President Barack Obama on Russia for its Ukraine incursion "would not necessarily carry over to an administration seeking to improve relations between the U.S. and Russia," the official said.
Flynn, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant general, was an early supporter of Trump and shares his interest in shaking up the establishment in Washington. He frequently raised eyebrows among Washington's foreign policy establishment for trying to persuade Trump to warm up U.S. relations with Russia.
A U.S. official said Flynn's departure, coupled with Russia's aggression in Ukraine and Syria and Republican congressional opposition to removing sanctions on Russia, removes Trump's most ardent advocate of taking a softer line toward Putin.
Flynn's leaving "may make a significant course change less likely, at least any time soon," the official said.
Another official said Flynn's departure may strengthen the hands of some cabinet secretaries, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
However, the second official said, Flynn's exit could also reinforce the power of presidential aides Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller, whom he described as already having the president's ear.
Congressional Democrats expressed alarm at the developments surrounding Flynn and called for a classified briefing by administration officials to explain what had happened.
“It is not the critic who counts.” –Theodore Roosevelt
Recently, a friend recently released a book with the disclaimer, “If you don't like it, write your own book.” I love that.
We live in an age when criticism is easy. It's expected. But is it necessary?
One of my favorite things on the Internet lately is a clip from the Howard Stern Show when a listener calls in to offer some “constructive criticism.”
Howard politely interrupts the critique saying, “not necessary.”
The listener is flabbergasted. He's offended, insisting that Howard needs his feedback.
The seasoned shock jock curtly replies,
If I listened to feedback, I'd have quit on Day 1.
I used to say that feedback is always a gift, but is it always? I'm not so sure anymore.
Note: You can listen to the audio of this lesson by clicking the player below.
Lesson 5: Seek feedback, ignore criticism
Less than a month ago, I issued a challenge to some friends to make and share one new thing per day for 30 days. We called it the “practice in public” challenge based on an idea in one of my books.
The idea was this: Professionals make things every day and then they share them. That's how they get better — by making things.
“ Professionals make things every day and then they share them.
Tweet this Tweet
Amateurs, on the other hand, wait for their big break and hide in the shadows until someone discovers them. Incidentally, they are the ones who are quick to criticize those making things.
Which one would you rather be: the brave creator, or the cowering critic?
The only question that counts
As part of this challenge, I ask one simple question on a daily basis: “What have you made today?” It's an important question, one we get to ask twice:
First, we ask this question to ourselves because before we do anything, before we attempt to lead or offer advice or criticize, we must first get in the game.
Second, we can ask this of others. Everyone, in fact.
You don't actually have to confront these people, though sometimes that may be necessary. But you should at least be asking this on the inside.
That critic?
That rude neighbor?
That argumentative in-law who has an opinion about everything?
What have they made lately?
Are they doing the work? Are they braving the abyss, facing the fear of creation, and making something? Are they enduring the years it takes to bridge the Taste-Talent Gap and finally be as good as they hope?
Or are they just dispensing feedback for the sake of being heard? Are they offering empty advice without having earned the right to share that advice? Are they a critic, not a creator?
If so, I dare you to kindly reply, “not necessary.”
It's not necessary to say you didn't like my book.
It's not necessary to tell me what you think I should be doing differently.
It's just not necessary.
I have resources for that, people whose opinions I trust and value, those I know have my best interests in mind.
These days, we live in an age where virtually anyone can share their opinion with anyone. And so, we tend to treat all opinions as equal. But they are not. In fact, some opinions should matter to you very little.
And when you hear someone voice one of those opinions, you can just say, “not necessary.”
Or even better: Ignore them entirely and just keep doing your work.
Want some help with this? Make sure you hit the ground running in 2018 by identifying 5 common goal-setting mistakes in this free live training.
What have you made lately? Let me know in the comments, and please share this with a friend who's doing the work.
Transcript for North Korea says it's 'ready' for US attack as Pence heads to Japan
We are following lots of other important stories. President Trump heading to Wisconsin where he's going to sign an executive order on buy American, hire American and sending tweets in a bid to stop a Democrat running in a special election in Georgia. The votes happening today. Overseas tensions are reaching a boiling point with North Korea. They promise weekly missile tests as vice president pence continues his tour of the region. Right to ABC's Matt Gutman in Seoul, South Korea, for all the latest, Matt. Reporter: Good morning, robin. We've been hearing more saber rattling with North Korea vowing those additional missile test, but everybody in the region still on tenterhooks awaiting the much anticipated nuclear test, that as vice president Mike pence in the region this morning saying all options are on the table including economic and diplomatic pressure. Overnight, vice president Mike pence in Japan reassuring U.S. Allies that Asia and warning North Korea that all options are still on the table. We will not rest and we will not relent until we achieve the objective of a denuclearized Korean peninsula. Reporter: With tensions between the U.S. And North Korea reaching a new boiling point, President Trump offering three simple words to the country on Monday. Got to be behaved. Reporter: North Korea on the defense. Its deputy U.N. Ambassador blaming the U.S. For putting the Korean peninsula on the brink of nuclear warfare essentially warning the hermit state would fight to the day. The thermonuclear war may break out any moment on the peninsula. Reporter: And defiantly battling a message back to President Trump in an interview with the bbc saying if anything the country will only increase its missile tests. Our nuclear weapons protect us from that threat. We will be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis, that as new details emerge on that failed missile test on Saturday. U.S. Officials say it was a medium or possibly short-range missile that blew up seconds after launch. It flew only about 34 miles before spinning out of control into the sea of Japan. While the range of this type of immigrant is unclear, north Korea is developing one that could travel over 2,000 miles within range of Guam and even longer range missiles, one of them could be capable of traveling over 7,000 miles able to hit the U.S. Mainland. Despite North Korea's latest provocations the White House saying the president likely won't be drawing red lines in the stand telling Fox News what his strategies are. I don't want to say what I'm thinking or doing. I'm not like other administrations. Reporter: Short of war some of the things that are being talked about limiting the already crippled exports of North Korea and grounding its national airline, all that tension already rippling across the pacific and Hawaii. Lawmakers are dusting off emergency plans. They would have only 20 minutes to prepare in case of a possible attack there. George. A lot of tension, Matt Gutman, thanks very much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
If you're looking for a common thread across the Los Angeles Lakers' three-game losing streak, including Monday's 110-100 loss to the Indiana Pacers, check Lonzo Ball's feet. For the third time in as many games, the rookie out of UCLA wore the original black colorway of his ZO2 Prime Remix signature shoe from the Big Baller Brand.
Granted, the Purple and Gold's recent issues run deeper than footwear. But it might not hurt if the Crown Prince of Chino Hills opts for a different look with his kicks when the Lakers' take on the New Orleans Pelicans at the Smoothie King Center on Thursday.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 50 30 15 5 65 155 141 19-7-1 11-8-4 9-4-3 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 14-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 50 24 18 8 56 144 146 13-9-4 11-9-4 5-3-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 13-8-3 12-14-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Detroit 49 20 21 8 48 128 147 11-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 19-3-2 14-9-2 12-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 San Jose 50 26 16 8 60 146 140 14-7-3 12-9-5 12-2-3 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 17-8-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 12-9-3 15-9-2 6-9-3 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 18-7-1 9-11-3 7-6-1 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 12-12-3 13-5-5 8-6-3 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 9-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
Detroit 2, San Jose 1, SO
Washington 5, Philadelphia 3
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Toronto 000 002 002—4 6 1 Boston 001 012 02x—6 11 1
Gaviglio, Oh (7), Tepera (8) and Maile; Rodriguez, Barnes (7), Johnson (9), Kimbrel (9) and Vazquez. W_Rodriguez 6-1. L_Gaviglio 2-1. Sv_Kimbrel (18). HRs_Toronto, Hernandez (8). Boston, Nunez (4), Martinez (18).
___
Chicago 000 000 001—1 5 2 Cleveland 205 200 00x—9 13 0
Lopez, Volstad (3), Avilan (4), Rondon (5), Fry (6), Jones (7), Soria (8) and Narvaez; Kluber, Beliveau (7), Marshall (8), Taylor (9) and Gomes. W_Kluber 8-2. L_Lopez 1-4. HRs_Chicago, Sanchez (3). Cleveland, Ramirez (17), Encarnacion (13).
___
Houston 000 020 001—3 7 0 New York 100 022 00x—5 8 1
Keuchel, McHugh (6) and Stassi; Severino, Robertson (8), Chapman (9) and Romine. W_Severino 8-1. L_Keuchel 3-7. Sv_Chapman (12). HRs_Houston, Stassi (5).
___
NATIONAL LEAGUE St. Louis 000 000 200—2 8 1 Milwaukee 000 010 20x—3 10 1
Reyes, Gant (5), Lyons (7), Tuivailala (7) and Kelly; Guerra, Jeffress (7), Hader (8), Knebel (9) and Kratz, Pina. W_Jeffress 5-0. L_Tuivailala 1-1. Sv_Knebel (5). HRs_St. Louis, Bader (5). Milwaukee, Yelich (7).
___
Cincinnati 000 402 001—7 12 0 Arizona 301 000 000—4 13 1
Romano, W.Peralta (6), Hughes (7), Garrett (7), Iglesias (8) and Barnhart; Corbin, Salas (7), Chafin (8), McFarland (9) and Murphy. W_Romano 3-6. L_Corbin 5-2. Sv_Iglesias (9). HRs_Cincinnati, Schebler (6), Duvall (10). Arizona, Goldschmidt (7), Murphy (7).
WASHINGTON (AP) — Hundreds of parents across the country have called on President Donald Trump to embrace Obama-era protections for transgender students that call for letting them use school bathrooms in accordance with their gender identity.
In a letter, sent to the president by the Human Rights Campaign late Tuesday, more than 780 parents stressed that "all students deserve equal access to a safe, welcoming school and a high quality education no matter who they are."
The call follows a decision by the Trump administration last week to abandon a defense of the guidelines issued by the Obama administration. A court issued an injunction against those guidelines last summer in response to a lawsuit filed by 13 states. President Barack Obama appealed the injunction, but the Trump administration decided to back off from the appeal.
Parents of transgender students say that revoking the right of students to use school bathrooms according to their gender identity amounts to discrimination and it creates a hostile learning environment for transgender students. "These policies are wrong, they hurt our children, and they violate the principle of equal education," the letter said.
Conservative activists firmly oppose the idea, saying it endangers the privacy and safety of other students.
Newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has not voiced a position on the bathrooms controversy other than to say that she is against discrimination and will support all students.
During the election campaign Trump said that transgender students can use the bathroom they like.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A poised and productive Ricky Rubio has been smiling and laughing, masterfully running Utah's offense in his matchup with Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook.
Meanwhile, the reigning league MVP has been scowling, shoving, fouling, complaining and most of all — losing.
It's fair to say Rubio has been more effective for the Jazz.
The Rubio-Westbrook matchup mirrors what is happening throughout the NBA playoffs: The team that gets the best point guard play usually wins.
Rubio's all-around success has the Jazz on the brink of advancing. Utah has a 3-1 lead on the Thunder and can finish the series Wednesday night in Oklahoma City.
He summed up his play after Game 2, saying "I did my job, looking for my teammates, and looking for my shot too when it was open. I just took what the game gave me and watched film and got better and we played as a team."
Maybe it is just that simple.
Rubio is averaging 18.5 points, 7.8 rebounds and 8 assists per game against Oklahoma City, all well above his regular season numbers. The 27-year-old is in the first playoff series of his seven-year career, yet he is playing like a seasoned veteran.
Westbrook and the Thunder have tried to throw Rubio off his game, maybe to a fault.
Westbrook has lost his focus at times. He is averaging 21.3 points, 11.8 rebounds and 8.3 assists in the series, but he's shooting just 37 percent from the field and 21 percent from 3-point range.
Rubio went for a triple-double in a Game 3 victory , the first playoff triple-double for the franchise since John Stockton had one in 2001.
Westbrook said he'd shut down Rubio in Game 4.
His efforts backfired — Rubio got more of Westbrook's attention, and the Thunder weren't as effective helping on Donovan Mitchell and Rudy Gobert, Utah's two best players. Westbrook was overly aggressive and had four fouls at halftime. The Jazz rolled 113-96 .
Westbrook toned it down after the game.
"It wasn't about me or him," he said. "Let's get past that. We're done with that."
Looking around the playoffs, that's probably a good thing.
How goes a team's point guard, so goes the team.
New Orleans' Rajon Rondo and Philadelphia's Ben Simmons are among the point guards whose play has lifted their teams.
That has been true in the matchup between Toronto's Kyle Lowry and Washington's John Wall. In Toronto's two wins, Lowry averaged 10.5 assists, but 6.5 in two losses. Wall averaged 27.5 points and 14 assists as Washington won two games to even the series.
The 32-year-old Rondo appeared to be overmatched heading into the matchup with Portland's Damian Lillard but showed he is not past his prime.
Rondo averaged 11.3 points, 7.5 rebounds and 13.3 assists to help the New Orleans sweep the Trail Blazers. Lillard averaged just 18.5 points in the series, eight below his regular-season average, and shot just 35 percent from the field.
Philadelphia's Simmons has averaged 19.3 points, 10.8 rebounds and 9.8 assists t help the 76ers take a 3-1 lead in their series against the Miami Heat. In Game 4, he had the first triple-double for a rookie in a playoff game since Magic Johnson in 1980.
Miami's Goran Dragic is playing well, too — he's averaging 19.5 points and shooting 49 percent. But when Simmons has been special, the 76ers have won.
Milwaukee's Eric Bledsoe and Boston's Terry Rozier have gone back and forth on the court and in the media. Rozier dominated the first two games — both Boston wins — averaging 23 points on 47 percent shooting while Bledsoe averaged 10.5 points and shot 36 percent.
Bledsoe won the next two matchups, and so did the Bucks. Bledsoe averaged 13 points on 50 percent shooting while Rozier averaged 9.5 points on 26 percent shooting.
Rubio doesn't have to statistically out-perform Westbrook, who has averaged a triple-double the past two seasons. For Rubio, the key has been not trying to do too much. Just be the team's floor general.
On offense, he takes open shots and finds his teammates. On defense, he can take chances because the 7-foot-1 Gobert can erase most mistakes.
"That is our strength," Rubio said. "Play as a team and get a win."
One more Utah win and Oklahoma City's season is done.
___
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
___
Freelancer John Coon in Salt Lake City, Utah, contributed to this report.
___
For more AP NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Aya Hijazi, founder of a non-governmental organisation that looks after street children. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
By Amina Ismail
CAIRO (Reuters) - A Cairo court acquitted on Sunday an Egyptian-American woman and seven others who worked with street children and had been detained for nearly three years on human trafficking charges, in a case that had raised concerns in Washington.
Aya Hijazi, an Egyptian who holds U.S. citizenship, founded Belady, an NGO that promotes a better life for street children.
She has been in custody for 33 months in violation of Egyptian law, which states that the maximum period for pretrial detention is 24 months.
Dressed in a white prison uniform, Hijazi stood in the courtroom cage with her husband and Belady co-founder Mohamed Hassanein. With tears of joy streaming down their cheeks, they vowed to resume their charity work.
"We were delayed for three years ... starting today, God willing, there won't be any children without shelter," Hassanein told reporters.
"Humanity became free, and the dream doesn't die. On the contrary, the dream becomes stronger," Hijazi said.
The verdict came two weeks after Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi met President Donald Trump in Washington.
Hijazi's detention was an issue of concern and was being watched closely by the Trump administration, an administration official said at the time.
The Trump administration has proposed massive cuts to U.S. foreign aid, but the White House has said it expects Egypt's $1.3 billion of U.S. military aid will continue.
Since toppling President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in mid-2013, Sisi's government has cracked down on the opposition, killing hundreds of Brotherhood supporters and jailing thousands. The net has widened to include liberal and secular activists.
NGOs have felt exposed since late 2011, when authorities raided 17 pro-democracy and rights groups, accusing them of joining a foreign conspiracy against Egypt.
"Aya Hijazi, her husband, and their colleagues are finally free, but the system that subjected them to a travesty of justice for nearly three years remains unchanged," said Joe Stork, deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch.
Hijazi and Hassanein were arrested in May 2014. They were accused of "organising a group for the purposes of human trafficking, using children to disturb the public peace and order in protests, and holding them for sexual exploitation."
The prosecution can appeal the verdict.
Minutes after the verdict, Hijazi's mother stood outside the courtroom sending voice messages to Hijazi's siblings who live abroad. "Thank God, you can celebrate now, we can all celebrate," Naglaa Hosny said in the messages.
(Additional reporting by John Davison; Editing by Giles Elgood, Larry King)
President Donald Trump heads to Ohio on Monday to make Cincinnati-area stops focusing on the new tax overhaul — though some in a state with one of the nation's highest overdose rates would rather hear more about his plans for the drug crisis.
In Newtown, outside Cincinnati, Police Chief Tom Synan said he found Trump's comments on opioids in his State of the Union address to be "much of the same. There are very convincing words and there's yet to be very convincing actions."
Synan, a law enforcement representative on the Cincinnati-based Hamilton County Heroin Coalition, wrote a column recently for The Cincinnati Enquirer calling for more urgency in the national response.
Trump's declaration of a public health emergency in October, he wrote, hasn't been backed by more federal funding.
"We need that help to allow us get to the next level," Synan said in an interview. "There are so many more things that could be done, so many more people we could help."
The White House didn't respond to a request for comment. Trump on Tuesday night had cited the deaths of 64,000 Americans from drug overdoses in 2016, a number expected to rise in 2017.
"It is terrible," Trump said. "We have to do something about it."
Trump said his administration is committed to fighting the problem and getting more treatment for those needing it. Stepped-up border security will help fight the drug influx, he said, and the nation needs to get "much tougher" on drug dealers to stop what he called "this scourge."
The Ohio president of the Fraternal Order of Police, Jay McDonald, attended the State of the Union as a guest of Republican U.S. Sen. Rob Portman.
"I think he hit the nail on the head about the scope of the problem," said McDonald, of Marion in central Ohio. "I like the fact he said we need to be tough on traffickers and provide treatment to those addicted."
McDonald said he'd like to see Trump and Ohio leaders address the "drastic need for a proven prevention plan" aimed at heading off youth involvement with drugs.
Hamilton County Heroin Coalition chairwoman Denise Driehaus, a Democratic county commissioner, said she would welcome a Trump visit to discuss what's needed from the federal government for the opioid battle.
"We'd ask him to partner with us," she said. "We're limited by lack of resources."
She and Synan suggested federal, state and local authorities could coordinate for a "one-stop shop" to link drug users with treatment options, getting insurance, diversion programs and other needs. More federal funding and regulation and policy changes could expand capacity for treatment and recovery, they said.
Ohio reported 4,050 overdose deaths in 2016, the second-highest overdose death rate after neighboring West Virginia.
———
Follow Dan Sewell at http://www.twitter.com/dansewell
In time of war, where can you go to find sanctuary?
Sarah Franklin, who grew up in the Gloucestershire countryside and has had a lifelong fascination with the beautiful Forest of Dean, heard about the Second World War prisoner of war camps there from her grandmother who took in sewing for the inmates.
But it was an aborted 2012 plan to sell off a chunk of the publicly-owned forest's woodlands that set in motion her moving, tender but powerful debut novel which explores two very different and damaged young people finding solace in the forest's healing rhythms of work and nature.
In this enchanting, thought-provoking story we meet Seppe, a gentle Italian PoW haunted by memories of war and a brutal father, and chippy city girl Connie Granger escaping from secrets in bombed-out Coventry to find a safe harbour, and maybe even a new life, as a lumberjill with the Women's Timber Corps.
When they are thrown together amidst the calming beauty of the ancient forest, the two outsiders, Connie and Seppe, discover a liberating sense of identity in both their work and each other, but the fiercely independent Connie must decide if the price of freedom will be too great.
In the early spring 1944, Connie escapes her home in Coventry after the Blitz devastates the city. She must learn to survive on her own now but this endless war isn't all bad because it gives her ‘the chance to shift around a bit.' And that's useful when you have a secret to hide.
Unsure of what will be expected of her, Connie finds a job with the Women's Timber Corps in the Forest of Dean as a lumberjill and soon finds far more joy and satisfaction in felling trees, cross-cutting, bark stripping and shredding than her factory work which was merely ‘a way to get a wage packet.'
For her, this remote community is a refuge and an escape, a place where she can protect the secret she has brought with her from Coventry.
Meanwhile, Seppe feels ‘dishonourable relief' that for him the fighting is over. A ‘bad patriot,' he only pretended to support the fascist forces of Mussolini because he was beaten into submission by his father but he is anxious now about what lies ahead for him in England.
Connie and Seppe's meeting signals new beginnings. They find in each other the means to imagine their own lives anew and to face the things which each fears the most. But as they are drawn together, the world outside the forest haven is being torn apart. Old certainties are crumbling and then Connie's secret is revealed and both must now make a life-defining choice…
Franklin, a judge for the Costa Short Story Award whose creative non-fiction has been published in anthologies in the USA, has found fertile new ground in this warm, original and compelling literary fiction debut which is filled with vivid period detail, atmospheric charm and a richly imagined cast of characters.
Star players are Connie and Seppe, the two young victims of wartime, displaced by conflict but discovering that nature – ‘the scent of bud and blossom in every breath' – holds the power to heal wounds, give meaning and purpose to fractured lives, and bring the inner peace that had once seemed so elusive.
The forest – initially an alien and unfamiliar place in which to hide painful secrets – becomes a character in its own right, an eternal symbol of freedom, of belonging, of renewal and, most importantly, of hope for the future.
Connie and Seppe's intense and bittersweet journey is also a touching and overdue tribute to the Women's Timber Corps and the groundbreaking lumberjills whose hard work and skills earned a grudging acceptance from farmers and foresters that they were just as good as the men they had replaced.
Immaculately researched and cleverly crafted, this is a story to delight, inform and impress in equal measure.
(Zaffre, paperback, £7.99)
PINE BLUFF, Ark. (AP) -- Martaveous McKnight scored 30 points, grabbed 10 rebounds and dished out 10 assists as Arkansas-Pine Bluff rolled to an 80-62 win over Alabama A&M on Saturday night.
McKnight was 12 of 17 from the field including three from distance for the Golden Lions (9-15, 9-1 Southwestern Athletic Conference) who lead the conference by two games over Grambling State. Trent Steen added 12 points and Terrance Banyard chipped in 10.
The team shot 53 percent from the field compared to 37 percent for Alabama A&M which took 22 shots from beyond the arc, making four of them.
The Golden Lions scored first and led all the way to an 11-point advantage before leading 37-28 at intermission.
Alabama A&M closed it to 46-39 early in the second half but a McKnight 3-pointer followed a tip-in by Steen and a Banyard dunk stretched it to 53-41 with 13:41 to go and the Golden Lions cruised from there.
Arthur Johnson scored 19 points with six rebounds for the Bulldogs (2-21, 2-8) who are on a six-game skid.
10:50 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 'Political Correct is the world's newest relgiion' Read more
MK Yehuda Glick speaks about Psagot conference, thanks Mike Huckabee for being a true friend of Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said he died in Salt Lake City but she declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which he founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at his home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. He was also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and his family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears his name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in his 2014 autobiography. He said he would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. He formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated his companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from his role in December and his son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. His father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairman emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as his greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing his fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both his parents to cancer and fought his own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
He also wielded his power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after her firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and his family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
He also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran his own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairman for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for his son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 billion to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following his son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
His son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named his father chairman emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. He met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in his autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that his "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when his then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from his driveway. The teenager was forced to call his father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. He was later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where he met his wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by his wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
———
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Thursday's transfer stories claim West Ham man is attracting interest from Old Trafford....
https://www.footballwire.co.uk/|Don't miss the latest football transfer news and gossip from leagues in England, Scotland and Europe with footballwire.co.uk
Sky Sports: Manchester United are interested in signing West Ham United's Marko Arnautovic.
Gazzetta dello Sport: Across Manchester, Napoli midfielder Jorginho is set to join City for 50m euros.
Daily Mirror: Chelsea are eyeing Robert Lewandowski after the striker said he wanted to leave Bayern Munich.
Le Parisien: Liverpool have offered 60m euros for Lyon midfielder Nabil Fekir.
El Mundo Deportivo: The Reds are also monitoring Barcelona keeper Jasper Cillessen.
Daily Mail: Everton could revive their interest in Crystal Palace defender Patrick van Aanholt.
Daily Mirror: Arsenal are set to sign Paris St Germain's teenage midfielder Yacine Adli.
MADRID (AP) — Athletic Bilbao didn't take long to replace young French defender Aymeric Laporte after his move to Manchester City.
The Spanish club said Tuesday it had signed central defender Inigo Martinez from Basque Country rival Real Sociedad, spending 32 million euros ($39 million) on the player's buyout clause.
Laporte left to play for Manchester City after his clause of 65 million euros ($80 million) was paid on Monday.
The 26-year-old Martinez had been with Real Sociedad since 2011. He was called up to Spain's national team under current coach Julen Lopetegui.
His contract with Athletic will end in June 2023, and has a buyout clause of 80 million euros ($99 million).
Also Tuesday, Sevilla signed Mexico fullback Miguel Layun on loan from Porto. The Spanish club has an option to acquire the 29-year-old player at the end of the season.
Layun had been with Porto since 2015. He previously played for Watford in England and Granada in Spain.
He will be a key figure in Mexico's squad for the World Cup in Russia.
Sevilla said it also signed midfielder Roque Mesa from English Premier League club Swansea on loan until the end of the season. Sevilla said it has the option to acquire the Spanish player.
___
More AP Spanish soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LaLiga
Need ideas for Thanksgiving leftovers? Registered Dietitian Shannon Crocker has some tasty and healthy options.
A look at what's happening around baseball today:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's postseason. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
Entering Wednesday night, the New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. The Mets are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1. Though the Mets did earn a split of their series in Atlanta with a 4-1 win on Wednesday. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said before the game. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
Andrew Miller has been cleared to start a throwing program as the Indians' All-Star reliever battles inflammation in his right knee. Miller, who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of soreness in his knee, visited a specialist in New York on Tuesday. The club said Dr. David Altchek confirmed a previous diagnosis and the left-hander can "begin a gradual progression back to mound activity." While there is no timetable for Miller to return, the fact that he doesn't need surgery and can resume throwing is good news for the Indians.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A little over two weeks of diving in September turned up a bronze statue arm, other statue fragments, pottery and ship fragments that have sat at the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea for two millennia, according to an announcement made today by the team of archaeologists and divers in charge of excavating the Antikythera shipwreck.
Bronze statues from Greek antiquity are incredibly rare, and many of those we do have were found in isolation—but that's not the case at this excavation. “What we as archaeologists are most fascinated by is that with Antikythera, we have a situation, a whole archaeological context, that allows us to explore these ancient bronzes in a much more comprehensive way than is usually possible, particularly with these underwater finds,” Jens Daehner, an associate curator for ancient sculpture at the Getty Museum in Los Angeles and who is not affiliated with the excavation, told Newsweek.
Last month's finds are due to add to that store of bronzes, according to the new announcement. The largest statue fragment recovered so far is a bronze right arm. But the excavating team also believes that metal-detector readings gathered during the dives promise at least seven more bronze statues, currently still buried under rock and dirt.
View photos 10_04_antikythera_bronze_arm More
EEA/Greek Ministry of Culture
Divers—professional and otherwise—have spent more than a century exploring the wreck, which is particularly famous for the Antikythera mechanism it carried, which was an early calculator for astronomical events. But the shipwreck has also been the source of some of the few bronze statues remaining from antiquity.
The statues that have been recovered so far would have been about 300 years old when the ship sank, during the first century B.C. “These are not new statues that were just shipped somewhere after a commission,” Daehner says. “They would have been on the ships for other reasons—they were looted or sold off or brought over to Italy, where there was a whole context of collecting that formed during that period.”
View photos 10_04_antikythera_shipwreck_arm More
Return to Antikythera
A teenager who stole a bike while its owner was giving blood in Preston, has been given a caution by police.
The teen who is from Preston but cannot be named for legal reasons, was due to appear on January 30 at the Youth Court but has had his case discontinued, says the Crime Prosecution Service.
A CPS spokesman said:“The decision to charge was not taken by the CPS. At the first hearing of this matter we were advised by the Youth Offending Team (YOT) that they were willing to provide ongoing support for the youth who cannot, obviously, be named.
"With assistance from the YOT, this case was appropriate for diversionary action and we referred it back to the police for a caution to be administered.”
IT worker, David Bayliss, parked and padlocked his bike outside the Gujurat Centre in South Meadow Lane at around 4.50pm on October 11 as he went about helping the community by donating blood.
It was only when he returned to retrieve his bike, which is worth around £1,000, some 50 minutes later that he realised callous thieves had struck.
The IT worker did not retrieve his bike following the incident and still continues to live with the inconvenience of its loss.
He said: "It sounds like he has been allowed to get away with it, absolutely no come back to the offender.
"Yet as the victim I'm completely out of pocket, and have not even been advised of this outcome."
It is a dream come true for U.S.-based climate scientists — the offer of all-expenses-paid life in France to advance their research in Europe instead of in the United States under climate skeptic President Donald Trump, two of the winners say.
American scientist Camille Parmesan and British scientist Benjamin Sanderson are among the 18 initial winners, including 13 based in the U.S., who were named recipients of French President Emmanuel Macron's "Make Our Planet Great Again" climate grants.
Macron congratulated the winners during a brief ceremony in Paris on Monday evening, ahead of a climate summit that gathers more than 50 world leaders in the French capital Tuesday.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Parmesan expressed elation at the prospect of spending the next five years doing her research in France instead of the United States.
A scientist from the University of Texas at Austin, she is a leader in the field on how climate affects wildlife. She lived for a few years in the United Kingdom for family reasons and was considering returning to the U.S. until Trump's election.
"He very, very rapidly has been actively trying to erode science in the U.S.A. and in particular climate science," she said. "And it's hard for two reasons: Funding is becoming almost impossible, and in a psychological sense."
Parmesan answered with enthusiasm Macron's appeal for climate researchers to come work in France, minutes after Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord. "It gave me such a psychological boost, it was so good to have that kind of support, to have the head of state saying I value what you do," she said.
Parmesan, who said she is looking forward to improving her French, will be working at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees mountains.
Sanderson, who also worked in the U.S., told the AP that he found it "very reassuring" that France is "openly encouraging climate research."
He said his application was motivated by "the fact that France is making a stand on prioritizing climate change research, but also it's increasingly hard to get research funding in the U.S."
Sanderson used to work at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado, on risks and uncertainties under climate change. For the next few years, he will be living in Toulouse, in southern France, where the country's national meteorological service is based.
DALLAS (AP) — Darcy Kuemper picked up his ninth career shutout. He handed off the credit to his teammates with the Los Angeles Kings.
Kuemper made 28 saves to help Los Angeles beat the Dallas Stars 3-0 on Tuesday night.
"The guys made it so easy in front of me that it was just fun to go out there and play," he said.
The 27-year-old Kuemper made his second straight start in place of Jonathan Quick, who is out with an upper-body injury. Kuemper got his second shutout and improved to 7-1-3 in his first season with Los Angeles.
"I'm just excited about the opportunity to play a couple in a row," Kuemper said.
Paul LaDue, Drew Doughty and Alec Martinez scored as Los Angeles (27-18-5) earned its second straight win. The Kings are among a group of playoff contenders with 59 points, one point behind Dallas.
Ben Bishop made 39 saves for the Stars (28-19-4), who dropped their second straight game, but retained a tenuous one-point lead for the Western Conference's first wild card.
"I think the desperation of playing a team ahead of us in the standings really brought the best out of us tonight," Kuemper said. "Against a line as scary as their top line is, we hardly gave them anything."
Dallas star Jamie Benn did not record a shot on goal. Alexander Radulov, who came into the night with 16 points in nine games, and Tyler Seguin failed to connect on any of their eight shots.
"I thought tonight we were the worst group of guys out there," Seguin said.
The Stars have been outscored 7-1 in their last two games, including a 4-1 loss to Toronto right before the All-Star break.
"The game before the break (Toronto) came in and checked us hard with no response, and today the same thing," Stars coach Ken Hitchcock said. "So the concern is how do we respond to getting played hard. Instead of getting excited and digging in, we go the other way."
Dallas came up empty on each of its four power plays against the NHL's best penalty killers.
"(Dustin Brown) does the job on the penalty kill, and he's done that all year," Kings coach John Stevens said. "He's critical to the success on the power play, taking a beating in net front."
LaDue scored his first NHL goal just 3:05 into the game. Anze Kopitar skated from behind the net almost to the left point and passed across to LaDue in the right faceoff circle. He sent a wrist shot inside the left goalpost.
"I kind of saw a spot open and just tried to shoot to that part of the net," LaDue said. "It ended up making it through a few sticks and into the net."
Los Angeles increased its lead to 2-0 after Radulov was sent off for holding a stick in the second. Doughty's shot from above the right circle deflected in off Bishop as Stars defenseman Stephen Johns tried to prevent the puck from crossing the goal line.
The Kings were unable to score during a four-minute power play midway through the second. Los Angeles stopped two Dallas power plays in the closing minutes of the period and the first minute of the third.
Nine seconds after Brown left the penalty box, Martinez scored on a snap shot from the left circle.
NOTES: Brown had 11 shots on goal. . Los Angeles has stopped 86 percent of opponents' power plays. ... Quick is on injured reserve. ... LaDue's goal was his first in 24 career games. His father, Jay, got to see the goal because the Kings' dads made the trip to Dallas. ... Stars D Dan Hamhuis played in his 1,000th career game.
UP NEXT
Kings: Visit Nashville on Thursday.
Stars: Travel to Arizona for a game on Thursday.
OSAKA, Japan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Panasonic Corporation announced it has kicked off a project for people living in off-grid areas that combines educational activities to promote understanding of electricity and provision of the company's related products. The Off-grid Solutions Project is part of Panasonic's corporate social responsibility initiatives, celebrating the centennial of the company's founding this year.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005551/en/
Power Supply Station installed in Indonesia as part of the project (West Kalimantan) (Photo: Business Wire)
This new initiative aims to support the creation of a sustainable society where each individual living without access to the power grid can lead an independent life. Panasonic will donate its products such as solar generation and storage systems, provide education and technical training to cultivate human resources, and help develop local business models taking advantage of electricity. Through these activities, Panasonic wants to help establish a solid educational foundation, increase local income and support independence for these communities. These activities will also contribute to the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
The new project is intended for communities in Asia and Africa with a large off-grid population, where Panasonic will work with NGOs and NPOs that are making efforts to resolve societal issues these communities face. Starting in Indonesia (January 2018–December 2019), Myanmar (April 2018–March 2020) and Kenya (currently being coordinated), the activities will be gradually expanded into other regions and countries.
Specific Activities in the Project 1. Education for sustainable development for local citizens In order to promote voluntary use of the donated products, Panasonic will provide education to raise awareness among local citizens regarding electricity-use and offer fundamental training on solar panels and storage systems.
2. Donation of solar generation and storage systems to promote the use of renewable energy Panasonic will donate its stand-alone photovoltaic power package called Power Supply Station, compact energy storage systems with LED lighting known as eneloop solar storage, and solar lanterns, among others. They will be used in schools and community assembly halls, as well as in homes.
3. Development of electricity-based local industry models to increase income Panasonic will attempt to create small-scale industrial models, such as agricultural and fish-processing businesses, that make use of energy generated by solar panels and storage systems. The aim includes securing the funds necessary for continuing these businesses, including systems maintenance and battery replacements, to bring about a positive socioeconomic impact in the community.
Through its corporate citizenship activities focusing on helping to develop nations resolve their societal issues, Panasonic will strive to achieve the creation of “A Better Life, A Better World.”
Sustainable Development Goals Addressed by the Off-grid Solutions Project - Affordable and clean energy - Partnerships for the goals - Good health and well-being - Quality education - Gender equality - No poverty
Panasonic's Activities to Support Emerging and Developing Nations With the creation of an inclusive society without poverty as the central theme, Panasonic is proceeding with corporate citizenship activities based on its philosophy of contributing to the development of society through its business by using its technology and products. With regard to activities to support off-grid communities, Panasonic has carried out the 100 Thousand Solar Lanterns Project, in which the company donated 100,000 solar lanterns to developing nations around the world. Its next initiative, started in March this year, is the Bringing Light to People project that aims to bring light to off-grid communities through crowd-funding and the donation of second-hand books with the help of the general public.
About Sustainable Development Goals The SDGs are a set of global goals, to be achieved between the years 2016 and 2030, adopted by the United Nations General Assembly in September 2015 in order to create a sustainable world. They consist of 17 goals and 169 specific targets.
Source:
Related Links Corporate citizenship activities website: https://www.panasonic.com/global/corporate/sustainability/citizenship/solution.html
Bringing Light to People website: https://www.panasonic.com/global/corporate/sustainability/citizenship/solution/akari.html
100 Thousand Solar Lanterns Project website: https://panasonic.net/sustainability/en/lantern/ Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/PanasonicSolarLantern
Panasonic Fulfills 100 Thousand Solar Lanterns Project in its 100th Anniversary, Bringing Light to Off-grid Communities Globally (Jan 30, 2018) https://news.panasonic.com/global/stories/2018/54520.html
Panasonic Delivers "Power Supply Station" Stand-alone Photovoltaic Power Package to Indonesia as a Power Source for Water Purification System (May 23, 2017) https://news.panasonic.com/global/topics/2017/47367.html
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005551/en/
CONTACT: Panasonic Corporation
Global Communications Department
Global PR Office
Click here to go to Media Contact form
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CANADA MYANMAR AFRICA INDONESIA JAPAN KENYA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: OTHER CONSUMER EDUCATION ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS HARDWARE MANUFACTURING OTHER MANUFACTURING PHILANTHROPY ENVIRONMENT TRAINING OTHER PHILANTHROPY CONSUMER
SOURCE: Panasonic Corporation
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 06:07 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 06:07 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005551/en
Taipei, Feb. 2 (CNA) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA) said Friday it has no knowledge of the government's reported plan to lift a ban on food imports from five Japanese prefectures and has not been asked to start negotiations with Japan on the issue.
The United Evening News reported Friday that Taiwan's government is ready to remove the ban under strong pressure from Japan and plans to do so around the Lunar New Year holiday, which begins on Feb. 15.
Taiwan hopes that lifting the ban would improve its chances of joining negotiations on the Comprehensive and Progress Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTTP) led by Japan, according to the report.
MOFA spokesman Andrew Lee (李憲章) said that although his ministry is not responsible for food safety issues, it "will adopt a consistent policy with other government agencies in handling the issue."
Lee said Taiwan will deal with the issue by following the examples of the United States and European Union in partially lifting their bans on food imports from five areas in Japan and will ensure that such imports are fully safe.
Taiwan has banned imports of food from the Japanese prefectures of Fukushima, Ibaraki, Tochigi, Gunma and Chiba since 2011 over fears those areas were contaminated by radioactive fallout from the meltdown of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in March that year.
After having been rebuffed by heavy opposition when it tried to promote lifting the ban in late 2016, Taiwan's government has started floating the idea again in recent days.
Health and Welfare Minister Chen Shih-chung (陳時中) said on Jan. 29 that it was time to reassess Taiwan's policy on Japanese food imports, and he suggested that the government follow the United States in adopting risk-based restrictions in place of the current ban based on regions.
Earlier Friday, the Executive Yuan would not confirm the report, saying that no timetable for lifting the ban has been set.
It indicated that the health of Taiwan's people would be the top priority when discussing whether Taiwan should re-open its doors to food imports from the five Japanese prefectures.
I've found over the years that boat trailers really get no respect or care, and they often create misery and heartache as a result.
Buyers spend a lot of time trying to find the right boat, but very little time understanding differences in trailers and their options or the importance of properly maintaining them.
One of the most obvious is the question of painted, galvanized and aluminum trailers.
Painted steel trailers will not be able to withstand a salt water environment and will rust out quickly. Galvanized trailers last much better in a salt water environment. However, over time, especially if not rinsed properly, galvanizing can rust.
Aluminum trailers are lighter weight and are the ultimate choice for salt water use. Just remember, due to strength, even aluminum trailers have steel fasteners, tongues, winch posts, axles, springs and other steel components.
These parts of the trailer are still susceptible to salt water corrosion and need to be rinsed regularly.
Once corrosion sets in, the steel portions will become eaten out, often from within, creating a very dangerous situation. Most people have either seen or experienced a broken frame, axle, hub or trailer tongue.
Sometimes the failure happens at the landing when reloading, but if the critical failure happens while on the highway, it is dangerous for you and everyone on the road around you.
At Duncan's Boats, we recommend that galvanized and aluminum trailers be rinsed thoroughly after use in salt water, paying special attention to axles, brakes, bunk brackets and all other steel components.
To mitigate the hassles somewhat, consider a custom aluminum trailer with aluminum welded bunk brackets, aluminum wheels, torsion axles (replaces leaf springs) and stainless steel fasteners.
You still need to rinse the axle, brakes and tongue, but the biggest culprits to corrosion will be improved.
Also, you should inspect your trailer carefully or have it serviced annually.
It is easier to inspect at the landing while the boat is in the water. Many components like the hubs and winch require grease. Brake systems should be checked. Winch ropes or straps should be inspected.
Look for any signs of rust. Check for proper tire pressure and look for signs of cracking in the sidewalls.
Finally, be sure that the trailer is loaded properly against the bow stop and secured with transom straps, even if the trailer has side guides.
Bottom line, don't neglect your trailer. Your boat is a major investment. Too many times we've seen neglected trailers cause a missed outing, traffic accidents, extra towing bills and actual damage to the boat.
If you would like specific information about buying or taking care of your boat trailer, don't hesitate to contact us at Duncan's Boats.
Jim Duncan / Duncan's Boats
www.duncansboats.com
843-744-2628
You may also enjoy reading Which Is Better Stern Drive Or Outboard?
Gervonta Davis will headline the Floyd Mayweather vs Conor McGregor undercard with his fight against Francisco Fonseca, it has been announced.
22-year-old Davis is considered to be Mayweather's protégé and boasts a flawless professional record of 18-0, with all but one of his victories coming by way of knockout.
He will defend his IBF junior lightweight title against Fonseca, a 23-year-old Costa Rican who drew his professional boxing debut, but has won his 19 contests since.
“I'm really excited to fight as the co-main event on the biggest card in combat sports history,” said Davis.
“I plan to put on a great show for everyone in attendance in Las Vegas and for those who purchase the PPV.”
“I want to thank my team for this incredible opportunity and I am ready for Floyd Mayweather to pass his torch to me.”
The Davis vs Fonseca fight will be preceded by Nathan Cleverly's light heavyweight contest against Badou Jack, who last fought in January when he drew with Britain's James DeGale.
Cleverly will be defending his WBA light-heavyweight title for the very first time, after stopping Juergen Braehmer in a title fight last October.
“This is a fight I have wanted ever since Badou Jack moved to light heavyweight and I'm delighted to fight in Vegas on an event like this,” Cleverly told Sky Sports.
“I've trained long and hard for this fight and I'm ready to be let off the leash. This is the biggest fight of my career so far and I'm going to do a number on Badou Jack on August 26.”
Jack meanwhile said that he was excited by the opportunity to win a belt in a second weight class.
“I'm thankful for this opportunity and I'm excited about getting another shot at a world title,” he said.
View photos Jack is part of Mayweather's stable (Getty) More
“To be a part of this event and fighting on this card is historic. Nothing beats it. I'm excited to get back in the ring. I'm getting ready to take that belt, and win a title in my second weight class.
“The biggest difference between past training camps and preparing for this fight is the fact that I was training to get the weight down, now I'm training to build muscle and perfect my boxing strategy.
“This will be a tough fight, but I don't see any issues getting through it. I feel confident and fans can expect a win by knockout or decision. He's not leaving with that belt. It's staying right here in Las Vegas.”
BOSTON (AP) — Pharmacist convicted in deadly 2012 meningitis outbreak that killed 76 people sentenced to 8 years in prison.
NEW YORK (AP) — To the Trump administration, the recovered missile fragments were incontrovertible proof that Iran was illicitly arming Yemen's Houthi rebels. Yet Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif brushed it off Tuesday as little more than cheese puffs.
During a visit to New York, the Iranian diplomat accused U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley of displaying fabricated evidence that missiles lobbed by the Houthis at civilian areas in Saudi Arabia originated in Iran. Though Tehran supports the Shiite rebel group, it firmly denies giving them missiles. But Haley has invited journalists and U.N. Security Council diplomats to inspect missile parts recovered after strikes on Saudi Arabia, bearing what U.S. military officials said were Iranian markings and characteristics.
Zarif, in an Associated Press interview, said that one such logo was from the Standard Institute of Iran, which he said regulates consumer goods — not weapons.
"It's a sign of quality," Zarif said. "When people want to buy it, they look at whether it's been tested by the Standard Institute of Iran that your cheese puffs are good, your cheese puffs will not give you a stomach ache."
He laughed and added, "I mean, nobody will put the logo of the Standard Institute of Iran on a piece of missile."
Zarif also pointed to a truck-size section of a missile that the U.S. said was recovered in Saudi Arabia and was transferred to a military base near Washington, where it was on display behind Haley for a photo-op. Zarif noted that the missile had been supposedly shot down in mid-air.
"I'm not saying Ambassador Haley is fabricating, but somebody is fabricating the evidence she is showing," Zarif said.
Some of the fragments Haley presented, if authentic, would seem to implicate Iran's military industry more directly, including some with the logo of Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, an Iranian defense entity under U.S. sanctions. Haley said others had clear "Iranian missile fingerprints," such as short-range ballistic missiles that lacked large stabilizers — a feature she said only Iran's Qiam missiles have.
"Just imagine if this missile had been launched at Dulles Airport or JFK, or the airports in Paris, London or Berlin," Haley told reporters late last year. "That's what we're talking about here."
Tehran's denials aside, there's broad agreement among the United Nations, Western countries and the Persian Gulf's Arab leaders that Iran has armed the Houthis with ballistic missiles, even though U.N. Security Council resolutions prohibit it. With U.S. support, a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen's civil war has been bombing the Houthis, who control the capital Sanaa and much of northern Yemen.
Yet Iran's opponents have struggled to provide foolproof evidence to back up their claims, creating an opening for Iran to deny. After Haley's presentations at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, some national security experts raised questions, even drawing parallels to Secretary of State Colin Powell's 2003 speech to the U.N. making the case for the Iraq War.
The fragments Haley presented were turned over to the U.S. by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates — two of Iran's fiercest critics — and U.S. military officials had trouble tracing the fragments' chain of custody. Nor could they say when the weapons were transferred to the Houthis or in some cases precisely when they were launched.
DEARBORN, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--EnvisionTEC, a leading global manufacturer of desktop and full-production 3D printers and materials, today revealed a hardware update to its family of large-frame 3D printers that allows them to deliver best-in-class resolution.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005316/en/
At RAPID + TCT, the premier event for 3D printing in North America, EnvisionTEC will be showcasing the potential of its 3SP family of 3D printers. A new hardware upgrade allows the large frame models to deliver XY resolution of 25 microns, a precision level equivalent to about half the cross-section of a human hair. (Photo: Business Wire)
EnvisionTEC will now offer XY resolution of 25 microns ― equivalent to about half the cross-section of a human hair — in two of its largest 3D printers:
The Vector UHD 3SP, with a build area of 300 x 200 x 275 mm (11.8 x 7.9 x 10.8 in.) The Xede UHD 3SP, with a build area of 457 x 457 x 457 mm (18 x 18 x 18 in.)
The improved performance is made possible with a new FPGA (field-programmable gate array) control that allows EnvisionTEC to turn its laser on and off in the Y scanning direction with lightning-fast speed.
“With this hardware upgrade, EnvisionTEC can now offer the same level of resolution in our 3SP family that we are known for with our Perfactory printer family,” said CEO Al Siblani.
A demonstration board 3D printed on a Vector UHD 3SP will be on display this week in Fort Worth, Texas, at Rapid + TCT, the premier event for 3D manufacturing in North America. EnvisionTEC will also be showcasing other new 3D printer and material innovations in Booth 1304.
The recent hardware upgrade makes 3SP printers an ideal choice for applications requiring high accuracy, fine detail or ultra-smooth surfaces, such as medical devices, parts with fluidic chambers, tooling for molds, large investment casting patterns and detailed prototypes.
About 3SP Technology
Launched in 2013, EnvisionTEC's patented 3SP (Scan, Spin and Selectively Photocure) technology uses a unique laser-based process to cure photopolymers in a large vat.
While conventional SLA systems use an expensive solid state laser to draw out parts layer by layer, often reflecting the beam off galvo mirrors in a large build area, the 3SP approach is simple and efficient.
A multi cavity diode laser is reflected off a spinning mirrored drum that can efficiently scan across a very large vat to cure material. Essentially, the laser draws in straight lines in the Y direction, with the beam simply turning on or off to cure the necessary shape as the complete laser assembly moves in the X direction.
A white paper detailing how 3SP is superior to SLA for manufacturing and production can be found at EnvisionTEC.com/learn3SP.
Adoption of 3SP continues to grow as knowledge about the technology and portfolio of materials expands. The 3SP line is popular among dental laboratories printing large volumes of dental models, but users also include manufacturers in a variety of industries, including medical devices, automotive, aerospace, consumer goods and more.
About EnvisionTEC
EnvisionTEC is a leading global provider of professional-grade 3D printers and materials. Founded in 2002 with its pioneering commercial DLP printing technology, EnvisionTEC now sells 3D printers based on six distinct technologies that build objects from digital design files. The company's premium 3D printers serve a variety of medical, professional and industrial markets, and are valued for accuracy, surface quality, functionality and speed. EnvisionTEC's intellectual property includes more than 140 pending and granted patents. Learn more at EnvisionTEC.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005316/en/
CONTACT: EnvisionTEC
Sarah A. Webster, +1-313-888-4460
swebster@envisiontec.com
KEYWORD: AUSTRIA UNITED STATES EUROPE ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CANADA MICHIGAN GERMANY SWITZERLAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY CONSUMER ELECTRONICS ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY HEALTH DENTAL MANUFACTURING AEROSPACE AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS ENGINEERING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: EnvisionTEC
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005316/en
By Ben Gruber
VENTURA, Calif. (Reuters) - Firefighters, taking advantage of a lull in the winds, on Monday held in check a massive Southern California wildfire that has torched hundreds of buildings and charred an area larger than New York City.
The Thomas Fire ignited a week ago and has burned 231,700 acres, in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, about 100 miles northwest of downtown Los Angeles, California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (Cal Fire) officials said at a news conference. It continued to grow on Monday, but at a slower pace, burning an additional several hundred acres.
The fire threatens 18,000 structures, including some in the wealthy enclave of Montecito where a number of celebrities have their homes.
Hot and dry Santa Ana winds, which blow from the deserts to the ocean, allowed the fire to explode in size last week. But gusts were light on Monday, National Weather Service meteorologist Kathy Hoxsie said, even though the air was warm and dry.
The fire crept along ridge lines above Montecito and the city of Santa Barbara, and firefighters were bracing to keep it from coming downhill into those communities, officials said.
Most of the nearly 900 homes, outbuildings and businesses destroyed by the fire are in neighboring Ventura County, where the blaze first erupted.
Arthur Hurtz, 59, is among the local residents coming to terms with being homeless. He fled from his house in the city of Ventura overlooking the Pacific Ocean last week, just minutes before a wall of flames engulfed it, he said.
"It's completely gone. I've never seen anything like it," said Hurtz, who is now staying at an emergency shelter.
The fire, in addition to destroying buildings, has damaged about 180 structures and ranks as the fifth-largest wildfire on record in California, according to Cal Fire.
The fire, for which investigators were still seeking to determine the cause, was 20 percent contained on Monday evening, up from 15 percent earlier in the day.
Public schools in Santa Barbara and some school systems nearby have canceled classes this week and will not reconvene until the annual winter break is completed in January, said Santa Barbara Mayor Helene Schneider.
Celebrities Oprah Winfrey and Ellen DeGeneres, who are reported to have homes in Montecito just outside Santa Barbara, took to Twitter to express concern.
"Our house is under threat of being burned," DeGeneres wrote on Twitter on Sunday. "We just had to evacuate our pets."
A spokesman for DeGeneres declined to provide any other details on Monday.
Some of the other fires burning over the past week in San Diego and Los Angeles counties have been largely controlled by the thousands of firefighters on the ground.
The Creek and Rye fires in Los Angeles County were both at least 90 percent contained, officials said, while the Skirball Fire in the posh Bel Air neighborhood of Los Angeles was 85 percent contained.
North of San Diego, the 4,100-acre (1,660 hectare) Lilac Fire was also 90 percent contained on Monday, after destroying 151 structures.
For a graphic on California wildfires, click http://tmsnrt.rs/2ADhxIj
(Additional reporting by Mike Blake in San Diego, Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles and Keith Coffman in Denver and Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.; Writing by Joseph Ax and Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Peter Graff and Andrew Hay)
Police have appealed for help to track down a young man who went missing earlier today.
Officers in Peterlee have issued a photo of Declan Freeman as they try to track him down.
They say they are concerned for his welfare.
He was last seen at around 11.30am in the Beverley Way area of the town.
Anyone who has seen him is asked to call Durham Constabulary on 101.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
The Preds said this week that Boston would be a good test to open the season and it was as the Bruins handed the Preds an opening season los…
NLDS, GAME 2: DIAMONDBACKS at DODGERS
When: Saturday, 6 p.m.
Where: Dodger Stadium
TV: TBS
THE PITCHERS
DODGERS LHP RICH HILL (15-3, 2.71 ERA)
vs. Diamondbacks: 1-5, 4.78 ERA
At Dodger Stadium: 9-6, 2.23 ERA
Postseason: 1-2, 4.50 ERA
Hates to face: Jake Lamb 2 for 4, home run, four walks
Loves to face: Adam Rosales 0 for 5, four strikeouts
DIAMONDBACKS LHP ROBBIE RAY (15-5, 2.89 ERA)
vs. Dodgers: 6-3, 2.69 ERA
At Dodger Stadium: 2-2, 1.81 ERA
Postseason: 0-0, 3.86 ERA
Hates to face: Logan Forsythe, 4 for 9, home run, two walks
Loves to face: Cody Bellinger, 1 for 6, four strikeouts
UPCOMING MATCHUPS
Monday: Dodgers RHP Yu Darvish (4-3, 3.44 ERA) at Diamondbacks RHP Zack Greinke (17-7, 3.20 ERA), time TBD, TBS
Tuesday: Dodgers LHP Alex Wood (16-3, 2.72 ERA) at Diamondbacks (TBA) if necessary, time TBD, TBS
Thursday: Diamondbacks at Dodgers if necessary, time TBA, TBS
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” he said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” he said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, he added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” he said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, she said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in his NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in the Columbus Blue Jackets' 5-0 victory over the New York Islanders on Friday night in the season opener for both teams.
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game, and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period. Arena. Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists, and Alexander Wennberg added two assists.
Islanders starter Thomas Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois' goal. Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots he faced in relief.
With all of the offensive opportunities created by the Blue Jackets, it could have been worse.
Columbus scored on its first shot of the season when Oliver Bjorkstrand shoveled the puck out from the back wall to Milano for a 10-footer that he snapped past Greiss.
Midway through the first period, Panarin circled in and teed up a pass that grazed Greiss' stick and was redirected into the net off Atkinson's skate. The whole sequence midway came about after Atkinson picked off a pass in the neutral zone and fed Panarin, who flashed some of the speed and offensive skill that led Columbus to acquire him from Chicago.
Murray scored from the left circle 6:57 into the second period after getting a pass from Panarin, who had carried the puck around the back of the net. Later on a power play, Werenski grabbed a sharp rebound and slammed it past Greiss from about 60 feet.
Dubois — the third overall pick in 2016 — got his first NHL goal, a wrister from the slot, 1:25 later.
NOTES: Atkinson has scored in four straight season openers. … Panarin was the first player in Columbus franchise history to get three points in his club debut. … The Blue Jackets loaned RW Josh Anderson to Cleveland of the American Hockey League for conditioning. He didn't participate in training camp because of a contract dispute. The team also sent D Markus Nutivaara to Cleveland. … Columbus is the youngest team in the NHL with an average age of 25. …. D Ryan Pulock, D Scott Mayfield and C Joshua Ho-Sang were healthy scratches for New York. D Scott Harrington was scratched for Columbus. … Shane Prince and Alan Quine are out with injuries for New York. … Boone Jenner, who is out with an injury for Columbus, saw his consecutive-game streak stopped at 175.
UP NEXT:
New York: Hosts Buffalo on Saturday night.
Columbus: At Chicago on Saturday night.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Footwear firm Clarks has sparked a sexism row after naming a girls' shoe range Dolly Babe and a boys' line Leader.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was among those to criticise the well-known company, which has apologised for any offence caused.
The Dolly Babe range, featuring a heart print detail, has been withdrawn from the website and the firm said it is removing the name from in-store products.
The Leader footwear, which carries a football image, remains on sale online in the boys' school shoes section.
SNP leader Ms Sturgeon tweeted: "It is almost beyond belief that in 2017 a major company could think this is in any way acceptable. Shows what we are still up against."
Writer Laura Waddell tweeted: "Clarks have named range of girls' school shoes 'Dolly Babe' while the boys' equivalent is called 'Leader'. Out of touch, sexist & insulting."
Replying to Ms Sturgeon, a Twitter user by the name of Tod said: "my daughter went though all phases from dolly babe to goth. It's called choice &made no difference to her self esteem/worth."
Clarks released a statement saying the Dolly Babe range is "an old and discontinued line, with only remaining stock being sold through our stores".
It said it had removed the shoe from sale online "following customer feedback regarding the name" and added it is currently working to remove the name from remaining in-store stock.
It added: "We are working hard to ensure our ranges reflect our gender neutral ethos and we apologise for any unintended offence caused."
DANA POINT — Capt. Chris Pica heard five blue whales were heading his way, and he knew just where to find them.
Pica, of San Clemente, was getting the Dana Pride ready at the dock in Dana Point Harbor when he got the information — including depth and speed — from a captain fishing off Camp Pendleton on Tuesday, May 29.
It was before 9 a.m. and it would take an hour before his boat was loaded with passengers and another 45 minutes to get to the spot where he thought they were headed.
“I knew they were in more than 300 feet (46 fathoms) of water, so I figured they would be hugging the 50-fathom curve (a row of cliffs that run parallel to the coast) where they are known to stick around,” Pica said. “They were swimming at 3.5 knots, so I could calculate time and position.”
Pica was right. At noon, he found them off the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station in 50 fathoms of water. There were five whales including two cows with calves.
“One of the calves got really curious and came over to the boat,” Pica said. “I'm cruising along and here's this calf off the bow. The mother came over and she was really huge at about 90 feet.”
The sighting of the blue whale cow and calf pairs were the first of the season. But what Pica and others with whale watch charters find particularly exciting is that these large whales aren't just cruising through the area. They're sticking around.
Experts say that krill — a small shrimp-like crustacean — seems to be more abundant, possibly brought about by cooling ocean waters. The tiny organism provides sustenance for the behemoth mammals.
Baleen whales — including blue whales — find krill and small bait fish throughout the water column and on the surface. The 50-fathom curve is an area where currents push nutrients from the ocean floor toward the surface, Pica said.
On Tuesday, Pica spotted nine blue whales on three whale watch charters over a four-hour period. To date, Dana Wharf Whale Watching has spotted 35 blue whales compared to eight at this time last year.
“We can tell the whales are staying in the area,” said Donna Kalez, manager of Dana Wharf Whale Watching. “Last year on our trips we'd see one and go back and it would be gone.”
Blue whales are typically seen May through October off the coast of Southern California. The whales migrate to the waters off the U.S. West Coast to feed.
The blue whale is a protected species after being hunted nearly to extinction in the early 1900s. Ship strikes and entanglement in fishing gear continue to be risks. In 2016, there were four reports of entangled blues whales off the U.S. West Coast.
1. Cucumbers
Dehydration can occur during fasting and Freda Rosenfeld, a lactation consultant in New York City has warned that it can consequently lead to a decrease in breast milk supply and clogged ducts from dried up breast milk. Cucumbers are made primarily of water (great to amp up hydration levels) and their skin contains a substantial amount of fibre to help you feel fuller for longer.
2. Avocados
They've certainly earned a reputation for being our go-to source for mono-unsaturated fat, which is not just great for your heart but will help with energy levels. Not to mention, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) reports that one fruit contains up to 975 milligrams of potassium – crucial in maintaining your electrolyte balance (which can also help with leg cramps). On another note, they're a great source of amino acids, essential in healthy cell growth for your baby.
3. Peanut butter
Ilisa Palmer, a dietitian, states that breastfeeding mothers require up to 450 to 500 more calories per day compared to pregnant women and that is where peanut butter comes in. Low in cholesterol but high in fibre, it's a great way to sustain feeling fuller for longer.
4. Dates
The Journal of Human Lactation reported that dates may increase milk production as they are rich in calcium. They are also high in natural sugar content – making them a great way to get more calories in so you can go about your day. The USDA National Nutrient Database states that three dried Medjool dates make up 199 calories.
Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF) and Iraqi army members gather on the outskirts of Hawija, Iraq October 4, 2017 - REUTERS
Iraqi forces have declared northern Iraq clear of Islamic State after retaking the city of Hawija, one of the jihadist group's last remaining strongholds in the country.
Announcing the liberation, Haider al-Abadi, Iraq's prime minister, called it a "victory not just for Iraq but for the whole world."
Iraqi forces have driven Isil from nearly all the cities and towns it seized in the summer of 2014, including the country's second largest city, Mosul, which was liberated in July.
The extremists now control just a wedge of territory straddling the Iraq-Syria border and a cluster of towns further south in Anbar province.
View photos Civilians make their way through endangered areas filled with mines and bomb traps to get to safety in Peshmerga controlled areas in Kirkuk, Iraq Credit: Anadolu More
"We should chase this terrorist organisation everywhere," Mr Abadi said. "This is a very dangerous organisation that works for spreading instability."
Iraqi officials often declare victory before the fighting has completely ended, and the troops in and around Hawija were likely still clearing mines and booby traps, and flushing out remaining militants.
Iraq launched an offensive on September 21 to dislodge Isil from Hawija, where up to 78,000 people were estimated to had been trapped.
View photos Fighters from the Hashed al-Shaabi (Popular Mobilisation units), backing the Iraqi forces, stand in front of a mural depicting the emblem of the Islamic State (Isil) group as troops advance through Hawija Credit: AFP More
Unlike the battle for Mosul, Isil's defence melted away quickly in the face of an Iraqi army advance.
Hundreds of fighters surrendered to Kurdish forces in recent weeks after being pushed out of the city by Iraqi troops and allied militias. Footage showed groups of unkempt, dishevelled men handcuffed and kneeling on the ground.
Hawija has long been a bastion for jihadist groups.
View photos Dozens of suspected Isil fighters surrender after the northern Iraqi city of Hawija is stormed yb Iraqi forces More
MIAMI (AP) — David Beckham's latest soccer plan for Miami might be decided by the city's voters.
His target: a golf course.
Beckham is scheduled to appear before the Miami city commission next week as he and his partners aim to move closer to picking a stadium location for their Major League Soccer franchise. The Beckham group's latest proposal calls for a 28,000-seat stadium on the site of what is now the Melreese Country Club, a public golf course owned by the city that sits near Miami International Airport.
If commissioners approve, voters would decide on Nov. 6 whether to change the city's charter and allow what would be a no-bid deal to lease 73 acres at the Melreese site to the group. The deal Beckham is proposing calls for the city to collect nearly $140 million in rent payments over 39 years, a rate of roughly $3.5 million annually.
Beckham's group would pay an additional $20 million over 30 years to help fund a planned 58-acre park on the site.
The former Manchester United, Real Madrid and LA Galaxy star and business partner Jorge Mas are listed on the city's agenda for the July 12 meeting, described as scheduled to make a "personal appearance" and "special presentation." They will ask commissioners to put the measure before voters, though it's certain that not everyone at the meeting will be supporting the idea.
Petitions are circulating to save the course, where Tiger Woods has appeared for clinics in the past. Longtime LPGA star Cristie Kerr, a Miami native, has voiced opposition to the Melreese plan in recent months, as has fellow Miami native pro Erik Compton.
"Please help protect this beautiful green space, this public golf course and this home to amazing youth programs," Compton wrote on Twitter .
Beckham's group also wants to bring a massive technology park to the site, as well as an underground parking facility, public soccer fields, 500 new hotel rooms, a conference center, retail stores, restaurants and more. The Beckham franchise, when it gets going, will also bring a training center and an academy focused on developing local players to the Miami area.
The stadium-location quest is just the latest drawn-out chapter in Beckham's five-years-and-counting marathon to bring MLS back to Miami. The Miami Fusion played from 1998-2001, folding because of poor attendance.
Beckham and MLS announced in January that the franchise would be coming to Miami, but nearly every detail about the club remains unclear. There's no definitive start date — 2020 has been mentioned repeatedly, even though no new stadium could possibly be ready by then — as well as no team name, no logo, no colors, no coaching staff and no front-office personnel.
More than a year ago, Miami-Dade County commissioners approved a deal to sell Beckham nearly three acres of county land for $9 million with the belief that it would be the last parcel he needed for a stadium site in the city's Overtown neighborhood. But that site was never the preferred choice for Beckham and his group anyway, with the original hope being to build on the waterfront near the Port of Miami.
The Overtown site now seems all but doomed, though it's unclear what would happen if city commissioners or voters block the latest Beckham plan.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the White House visit of French President Emmanuel Macron (all times local):
9 a.m.
President Donald Trump is welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House in a formal arrival ceremony.
The president and first lady are greeting Macron and his wife, Brigitte Macron, on rolled-out red carpet on the South Lawn.
The arrival is heavy on pomp, with nearly 500 U.S. service-members from all five military branches participating in the ceremonial welcome, which includes a "Review of the Troops."
Vice President Mike Pence and several members of Trump's Cabinet, lawmakers, and military families are in attendance. The audience includes students from the Maya Angelou French Immersion School in Temple Hills, Maryland.
The two leaders are spending the morning in meetings and then will hold a joint news conference. On Tuesday night, Macron will be feted at Trump's first state dinner.
___
12:50 a.m.
A sit-down between President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron followed by a joint news conference highlight the business portion of the French leader's second day in Washington.
The pageantry of Macron's official state visit, the first of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera.
Monday night was more relaxed, featuring a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and a trip to the Potomac River home of George Washington for dinner.
Pomp and ceremony aside, Trump and Macron disagree on some fundamental issues. A prime dividing point is the multinational Iran nuclear deal, which Trump wants to abandon.
The University at Buffalo has welcomed its largest-ever medical school class for a new semester. WBFO's senior reporter Eileen Buckley says UB is calling this a "milestone".
WBFO's senior reporter Eileen Buckley says UB is welcoming it's largest-ever medical school class.
"We have increased our class size from 144 to 180, so it's a pretty big jump,” remarked David Milling, associate professor of Medicine.
Milling is very excited about a new class of medical students. The "white coat" ceremony took place on Friday where students attended the official "calling of the class", taking an Oath of Medicine to begin their medical school journey in Buffalo.
Milling tells WBFO News among the reasons why the school was able to boost its enrollment includes a brand-new UB Medical School that will soon open in downtown Buffalo.
“With new space that can accommodate them, increase class sizes – so a perfect opportunity for us to do this. Workforce issues in our area and outside of our area as well,” noted Milling.
Of those new 180 medical students, a majority are from New York State and 78 are from right here in Western New York. 40 received their undergraduate degree at UB.
“Yes, I think that is important. We are a state school and part of our mission is to train our local young folks who are interested in medicine, both in the Buffalo area – the eight counties surrounding us and New York State in general,” Milling explained.
Despite the difficult studies these students have ahead of them, Milling noted they have very few students who drop out in the first year. He speculates that they may lose one or two students.
“This is a rigorous process to get students into medical school. Certainly, that doesn't mean that everyone who comes in should become a physician, but we do try to make sure that we support our students as best we can once they are matriculated,” replied Milling.
UB medical students also participate in work in the local community, volunteering at Hospice, food pantries or assist with suicide hotlines and in past years, students have conducted cancer, geriatrics and diabetes research.
Watch this Illinois Issues Forum from Naperville. Our 2018 election coverage continues with a discussion of economic development in the collar counties of Chicago and how the state issues influence their well-being.
This forum is produced and hosted by NPR Illinois with support provided by AARP Illinois.
The Panel:
Judith Brodhead, North Central College, serves in a number of municipal positions in Naperville, including chairing the City of Naperville Plan Commission and the Zoning Board of Appeals. In 2013 she was elected to her second term as a Councilwoman for the City of Naperville. She is also a member of the Downtown Advisory Commission, the legislative committee of the DuPage Mayors and Managers Conference, and the Naperville Development Partnership
Dr. Stephen Maynard Caliendo, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Political Science, North Central College. He is co-founder and co-director of The Project on Race in Political Communication
Colin Dalough, Director of Government Affairs and Business Development for the Naperville Chamber of Commerce
Emcee: Sean Crawford
As someone who values being knowledgeable about Illinois, please support this public radio station by clicking on the, "Donate" button at the top of this page. If you're already a supporter, thank you!
BC-BBA--Top Ten
BASEBALL'S TOP TEN By The Associated Press AMERICAN LEAGUE G AB R H Pct. Betts Bos 48 184 52 66 .359 Brantley Cle 43 178 28 61 .343 Simmons LAA 53 197 32 66 .335 Altuve Hou 56 229 33 76 .332 Segura Sea 51 218 37 72 .330 MMachado Bal 55 215 30 70 .326 JMartinez Bos 53 205 36 66 .322 Castellanos Det 51 204 28 65 .319 MDuffy TB 39 156 10 49 .314 Ramos TB 42 159 16 49 .308 Home Runs
Trout, Los Angeles, 18; JMartinez, Boston, 18; Betts, Boston, 17; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 16; MMachado, Baltimore, 16; Gallo, Texas, 15; Judge, New York, 15; KDavis, Oakland, 13; 5 tied at 12.
Runs Batted In
JMartinez, Boston, 47; MMachado, Baltimore, 45; Judge, New York, 40; Lowrie, Oakland, 39; Haniger, Seattle, 39; JoRamirez, Cleveland, 39; KDavis, Oakland, 38; Benintendi, Boston, 38; Betts, Boston, 37; 2 tied at 36.
Pitching
Morton, Houston, 7-0; Severino, New York, 7-1; Porcello, Boston, 7-2; Kluber, Cleveland, 7-2; Verlander, Houston, 7-2; Happ, Toronto, 7-3; Snell, Tampa Bay, 7-3; Rodriguez, Boston, 6-1; Tanaka, New York, 6-2; 2 tied at 6-3.
Air Canada Flight AC84, en route from Toronto to Tel Aviv, was forced to land in London due to an unruly passenger.
After transmitting an emergency code, the flight landed safely. Authorities were requested to meet the flight upon arrival.
Air Canada is planning a "continuing flight" to Tel Aviv. It is not clear when the flight will take off.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The United States says it's not aware of any specific threat to the upcoming Winter Olympics in South Korea and is confident that American athletes, coaches and spectators will be safe, despite nuclear tensions with North Korea.
State Department officials overseeing security for the U.S. Olympic team said Wednesday that they had planned for all threat contingencies in preparation for the Pyeongchang Games that begin next week.
They said roughly 100 Diplomatic Security agents would be deployed to Seoul and two sites in Pyeongchang. That's about the same as have been sent to previous Olympics.
The U.S. Olympic delegation will number about 275 and an estimated 60,000 Americans are expected to attend the games.
North Korea is participating in the games. They begin on February 9.
An Ohio zoo's polar bear is off to Chicago to find love.
The Toledo Zoo says its 21-year-old female bear named Nan has been moved to the Brookfield Zoo near Chicago to see if she will breed with the zoo's male bear.
Nan moved into her new home this week where she's separated by a fence from her potential mate named Hudson.
The Brookfield Zoo says the bears will spend a little time getting to know each other before moving in together.
The move was arranged by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums and its polar bear species survival program.
Keepers at the Toledo Zoo say Nan is genetically important because she was born in the wild and discovered as an orphan cub near Barrow, Alaska.
Gun deaths have fallen in California over a 16-year period ending in 2015, driven largely by a decline in gang violence and black homicides a recent and rare scientific study of firearm violence has found.
Researchers at the University of California, Davis published their findings in the May issue of the journal Annals of Epidemiology after reviewing 50,921 firearm deaths recorded in California between 2000 and 2015. The University provided the study results on Monday.
The report found 24,922 firearm homicides during that period and 23,682 suicides by gun. Researchers say the number of firearm homicides dropped from 4.19 per 100,000 people in 2000 to a low of 3.13 per 100,000 in 2014 before ticking up slightly in 2015.
Researcher Veronica Pear attributed the decline in gun homicides to a reduction of gang violence, particularly in Los Angeles County.
The study also showed a big drop in the number of black men being killed by guns.
Pear said the number of gun homicides of black men dropped 32 percent from the peak in 2005 at 47 per 100,000 people to 31 per 100,000 in 2015. The homicide rate for Hispanic men was 6.7 per 100,000 in 2015, a 38 percent decline from its peak of 10.8 per 100,000 in 2005.
The homicide rate of White and Asian men held steady throughout the period at roughly the same level of roughly 3 homicides per 100,000 annualy.
Pear said she hopes the new research will be used by others studying the cause and effects of gun violence.
"We also hope it can serve as a template for researchers in other states to create similar profiles," she said.
For the last 30 years, the federal government has largely abandoned gun-violence studies after the National Rifle Association prevailed on Congress to significantly restrict funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevent to do the research. The NRA said it does not oppose gun research but is against research that it calls biased, flimsy or aimed at advocacy.
A few private foundations and California have recently stepped up funding of gun violence studies. California became the first state to publicly support the research when lawmakers voted to fund U.C. Davis' Violence Prevention Research Program with $5 million over five years.
The Kaiser Permanente health care consortium announced earlier this month it would spend $2 million to study gun violence among its 12 million members.
Two years ago, a large number of mature trees died and were then removed from Springhurst Avenue between Brunswick Avenue and Chestnut Street. Neighbours took notice, but Bartosz Nowak took action. He started a conversation with the City's Environmental Services department that spanned more than a year and delivered results this November.
By Bartosz Nowak
Before becoming a homeowner, I never really gave any conscious thoughts to the importance of trees. I grew up in Vancouver, so maybe I just took them for granted. Once we moved into Old Ottawa East, however, one of our very first investments into our new home was a magnolia tree for the front yard. It just seemed like the right thing to do. We thought streetscape was important, and what better way to create curb appeal than a beautiful tree.
Our conviction in the importance of trees grew stronger over the years. We came to see them more than just a lovely aesthetic feature that adds to the ambiance of the neighborhood, but as a symbol of completeness and belonging. Just like trees, we wanted to plant roots and grow in our new community.
It was a sad day when I came home from work to find all the ash trees cut down in Springhurst Park. I was struck with how empty and cold the streetscape appeared, and the importance of what was lost really hit home.
When the City of Ottawa decided to remove the ash trees along Brunswick Street, they planted some saplings years in advance to fill in the void. Unfortunately, this did not happen along Springhurst Avenue, and we were left with a bare patch of grass, with little to offer the neighbourhood's residents.
So I began inquiring about the City's plans for the removal of the stumps, replanting the trees, and an overall vision for the space. Some replanting took place during the winter of 2016, but several of the saplings died and were removed during the project to remediate the park's soil. Where once we had a canopy of mature ash trees, we currently have only six young, albeit relatively healthy saplings lining the street.
After a lengthy back and forth with the City of Ottawa, four more trees were planted along the edges of the park space this month, and many more throughout Springhurst Park along Brunswick Lane. However, no trees will be planted within the interior of the park until the community decides how it intends to utilize the space–for example, whether to replace the benches and create pathways.
It will undoubtedly take many years for young trees to provide the same ambiance and shelter as those that were removed. In the meantime, they stand as a promise of future natural splendour and a reminder of how important trees are to the community.
by
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — With so many apps out there, it can be hard keeping track of the latest technologies kids are using.
And now, some kids are using apps to hide their social media footprint — and programs that could connect them with strangers.
“It's hiding all kinds of videos, photos, other things that they don't want you to see, and the question is, why wouldn't they want you to see it?” cybersecurity expert Ian Marlow told CBS2's Alex Denis. “But, this kind of back door apps are there.”
One app looks like a default calculator that comes with the iPhone, with slightly different color patterns. At face, the app works the same way a normal calculator would, but it also allows users to enter a secret passcode that connects them to a secret storage area where photos and videos can be uploaded and saved.
The photos stored there are not backed up in iCloud, and if deleted, can be restored with the touch of a button.
“It actually helps you to create a decoy to fool family and friends,” Marlow said.
Apps like Ask FM and Whisper allow users to post thoughts and pose questions anonymously. Threads are filtered by groups or even location.
With a slide of a button, kids can have direct access to people just blocks away. Some of the questions are innocent, but others can be more risque.
Users are also able to respond, potentially allowing strangers to start conversations with children.
“It's that aggregation of information together that allows a predator to zero in on a particular child,” Marlow said. “Especially ones that are posing specific questions of a specific type.”
So parents, protect your children, and keep tabs on their tablets.
“There's a couple like it out on the market that give you control over the phone,” Marlow said. “You can actually block out certain app usage, or usage of the tablet or phone completely.”
Marlow also suggests parents check the app store to monitor the latest trends in app downloads.
ESPN
Kevin Love is back to playing basketball, which is great news, because he's really good at what he does and it is never cool when people are unable to do their job because they are hurt or sick or something like that. It is also great that he's back because, as we learned on Monday night, Love is something like a comedic genius.
Early in the third quarter, Love went to take a three. It was blocked by the rangy John Henson, and in the process of coming down after the shot, Love hit the deck pretty hard because his leg got tangled up with the Bucks' big man. Khris Middleton pushed things in the other direction, while Love was laying on the ground.
But as the astute eye of Rob Perez saw, Love was not on the ground in pain. Rather, Love was on the ground in front of his bench and decided that he'd prefer wriggling around like a worm more than he would like getting up and playing defense. That sounds like I am mad at him for not immediately getting back on defense but I swear, I am not, and that it was extremely good.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Laurie M. Tisch Illumination Fund has pledged $10 million to fund arts programs focused on mental health issues in New York City.
The New York Times reports that the goals include improving the lives of those with dementia and Alzheimer's disease. They also aim to fight the stigma around mental illnesses and help people overcome trauma.
Tisch says the initiative will likely grow, especially after her foundation is bolstered by the proceeds of a Christie's auction of her parents' $80 million art collection next month.
Her father was Preston Robert Tisch, the investor who bought half of the New York Giants in 1991. Her mother was the philanthropist Joan Tisch.
___
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
By Paul Ingram
TUCSON, Ariz. (Reuters) - A U.S. Border Patrol agent was found not guilty of second-degree murder on Monday in the shooting death of a Mexican teenager through the fence between Arizona and Mexico.
Lonnie Swartz, 43, was acquitted by a federal jury in Tucson after four days of deliberations in the Oct. 10, 2012, death of 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez.
But the jurors deadlocked on a separate charge of involuntary manslaughter against Swartz, prompting the judge to declare a mistrial on that count.
It was not immediately clear if prosecutors would seek to put Swartz, who said that he shot Elena Rodriguez in self-defense after rocks were thrown at him, on trial a second time on that count. Swartz has been on leave without pay from the Border Patrol while facing the criminal charges.
The trial, which lasted more than four weeks, is a rare prosecution against an agent for using deadly force. In 2008, Nicholas W. Corbett was tried for shooting and killing a man near the border, but the jury deadlocked and the charges were dismissed.
Since Corbett's case, Swartz is the only agent to face prosecution in Arizona for using deadly force.
Swartz was standing on an embankment about 14 feet (4.27 m)above Elena Rodriguez and behind the 22-foot-high metal wall that separates Nogales, Arizona, from Nogales, Sonora, when he fired 16 rounds in 34 seconds from three different firing positions, emptying one magazine from his pistol, before he reloaded and firing three more shots.
Last week, federal prosecutors said during closing arguments in U.S. District Court that Swartz fired three shots at the teen and that his first shot hit Elena Rodriguez in the back, sending him reeling to the ground.
Swartz then continued to fire on Elena Rodriguez while he was “still alive and fighting for his life after he was shot in the back,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Wallace Kleindienst said.
A final shot to the head killed Elena Rodriguez, Kleindienst said.
Sean Chapman, one of Swartz's defense attorneys, said Swartz was a man in a “very dangerous situation who did the very best he could,” which was to fire his weapon into Mexico in defense of himself, his fellow agents and Nogales police officers.
“At the moment he decided to fire, the rocking was ongoing,” Chapman said. Chapman argued that Swartz thought he was firing on a second rock-thrower.
Prosecutors stipulated that Elena Rodriguez may have been throwing rocks, but argued that whatever his actions that night, they were not a “capital offense.”
(Reporting by Paul Ingram in Tucson; Editing by Dan Whitcomb and Leslie Adler)
Stars have turned out on the blue carpet for the film which mixes a futuristic view with nostalgia for some of cinema's greatest hits.
Steven Spielberg's latest blockbuster Ready Player One is a blend of futurism and nostalgia.
The film, getting its European premiere at Leicester Square on Monday, takes Ernest Cline's novel and imagines a world where people can enter Oasis, a system that allows people to live out their fantasies.
That is the cue for a wallow in some favourites of popular culture, including Superman and Back To The Future.
View photos Steven Spielberg cuts a dash on the blue carpet at Leicester Square (Ian West/PA) More
View photos The film is based on a novel by Ernest Cline (Ian West/PA) More
View photos Hannah John-Kamen turns out for Ready Player One's first showing in Europe (Ian West/PA) More
View photos Donald De Line attending the European premiere of Ready Player One (Ian West/PA) More
AP Photo/David J. Phillip
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Determined to avoid the embarrassing rules mess from a year ago, the USGA is shaking up the way it officiates the U.S. Open at Erin Hills.
It pledged to respond quicker and not wait to make a ruling.
“I think last year there were two things we fell short on – it took too long to make the ruling and it left uncertainty with the competition,” said John Bodenhamer, the USGA's managing director of rules and competition. “I think should a similar circumstance happen, I think we are poised to move quickly.”
The U.S. Open, as well as the USGA's other biggest events, will no longer have referees who walk with each group, a practice that dates to 1991. Instead, officials will be stationed at various spots on each hole around the course.
The biggest advancement is having four video monitor stations, along with the use of tablets, that will allow officials to review any rules discrepancies on the course to reach conclusions immediately.
That might have made it a lot easier on Dustin Johnson – and everyone else – last year at Oakmont.
Johnson's golf ball moved slightly as he stepped in for a 3-foot par putt on the fifth hole. He didn't think he caused it to move, called in the walking referee and no penalty was assessed. But when the USGA saw video, officials thought there might be a penalty.
They told Johnson when he was on the 12th tee, saying he might be penalized and they could review it after the round. That would have been fine except that it was the final round. Johnson played the last seven holes not knowing if he would be penalized, and thus not knowing the score.
It was a major gaffe, saved only by Johnson playing so well that he had a four-shot lead when he birdied the final hole to win the U.S. Open. After meeting with officials, he was given a one-shot penalty that affected only the margin of victory, not the name on the trophy.
The USGA has a five-member rules committee led by Thomas Pagel, the senior director of rules. Pagel will be the chief referee for the U.S. Open, who can make immediate decisions that would stand.
A repeat of the Johnson incident is unlikely this year, and not just because the greens at Erin Hills are nowhere near as fast as Oakmont's putting surfaces. The USGA introduced a local rule last year that if a golf ball or marker moves accidentally, the player puts it back without penalty.
Having video more readily available for review should help avoid uncertainty.
Bodenhamer said the rules committee – not always the player, in some cases – would be able to look at the video and quickly decide whether it's a penalty.
It was the most significant change for a U.S. Open that is desperate to have a smooth tournament. The previous year at Chambers Bay, the grass on the greens was starting to die before the U.S. Open began and at times on the weekend, players were putting through what amounted to matted dirt.
Jordan Spieth won when Johnson, needing a 12-foot eagle putt to win, three-putted for par to finish second. He missed a 4-foot birdie putt on the bumpy green.
Part of that could be attributed to weather in the Pacific Northwest that week.
As for Oakmont a year ago, that was a breakdown in communication and delivering the ruling at the right time.
“We not only learned from it, but we made changes,” USGA executive director Mike Davis said. “And I think that's the way you have to approach anything that doesn't go right: ‘How can we make it better? How can we make sure it doesn't happen in the future?'”
Comments
comments
HUNTINGTON WOODS, Mich. (AP) - More than a dozen tractor-trailers lined up beneath a Detroit-area freeway overpass to aid police trying to help a man contemplating suicide.
Michigan State Police Lt. Michael Shaw said troopers received a call early Tuesday about the man standing on an overpass above Interstate 696 in Huntington Woods. As officers routed traffic away, they directed truckers to drive into positions to shorten the fall if the man jumped.
Thirteen trucks lined the freeway as police dealt with the man. The incident lasted about four hours until he walked off to waiting officers and to seek medical help.
Shaw says troopers typically work with truckers during such incidents, but it's unusual to have so many involved. He adds there are "many other options out there aside from taking your own life."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
2016 could be considered the year of The 1975, at least if you're Lorde, that is. She seems to have discovered the band last summer and tweeted that July that even though she hasn't “listened to very much of this band's music,” she strongly felt that “Somebody Else” — from the group's 2016 album I Like It When You Sleep, For You Are So Beautiful Yet So Unaware of It — is “a perfect classic forever song.” That song went on to be her most-played Spotify track of the year, she later added, so the first impression was a lasting one.
She brought her love for the track full-circle at her show in Paris last night by performing an excellent cover of it. She introduced her performance by saying, “This is a song that I really, really love. It was one of my favorite songs of last year, and it really influenced Melodrama. It influenced the tones and the colors and the emotions.” The 1975 are presumably thrilled to have Lorde on board as a fan, since the band's Matthew Healy tweeted just yesterday that Lorde is his “favorite pop star,” calling her “rate clever.”
my favourite pop star is lorde I love her I rate she's well clever — matty (@Truman_Black) October 5, 2017
Lorde's 2018 North American tour is going to be pretty stacked, since she just announced she'll be hitting the road with Run The Jewels and Mitski. In the meantime, watch Lorde perform “Somebody Else” above, and revisit our review of Melodrama here.
WAUKESHA, Wis. (AP) — Prosecutors asked a judge Thursday to sentence a girl to 40 years in a mental hospital for stabbing a classmate in an attack she said was done to please the fictional horror character Slender Man.
Morgan Geyser, now 15, broke down in sobs during her plea hearing as a judge asked her to recount the 2014 stabbing of a classmate in a Milwaukee-area park. A co-defendant, Anissa Weier, also admitted a role in the attack.
An emotional Geyser referred to the victim by her nickname as she began to recount for the judge the crime for which she was pleading guilty.
"I hurt Bella," Geyser said, stopping several times to compose herself during the hearing as she told the judge she stabbed her classmate with a knife she took from home.
"Anissa said that she couldn't do it and then I had to," Geyser said, her voice choking. When Judge Michael Bohren asked her where the girl was stabbed, Geyser said: "Everywhere."
The victim, Payton Leutner, survived the attack by crawling out of woods, where she was found by a passing bicyclist. All three girls were 12 at the time.
Geyser will undergo a doctor's evaluation by Nov. 13, and a hearing for sentencing was to be scheduled later. The defense made no request for length of sentence because the attorneys are waiting for the evaluation.
She agreed last week to plead guilty to attempted first-degree intentional homicide to avoid prison, continuing treatment in a mental hospital instead.
A jury last month determined Weier was mentally ill at the time of the attack. She faces at least three years in a mental hospital when she is sentenced later.
Prosecutors say Weier and Geyser lured Leutner into the woods at a park in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha and then attacked her. Geyser stabbed Leutner 19 times while Weier urged her on, according to investigators.
Leutner's family issued a statement saying they were happy to avoid a trial.
"Though we do not believe that an institution is where these attempted murderers belong, the current legal system does not favor victims in this situation," the statement said.
It added: "With this closure, our daughter is a heroic survivor -- and no longer a victim."
Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, said after the hearing his client is remorseful for hurting Leutner and wrote her "a very powerful" apology letter she hopes can be delivered to her one day.
"It's very sincere," Cotton said.
Weier and Geyser told detectives they felt they had to kill Leutner to become Slender Man's "proxies," or servants, and protect their families from him.
Prosecutors initially charged both girls with attempted first-degree intentional homicide, which carries a possible sentence of up to 65 years in prison, but their plea deals spared them that. After Weier pleaded guilty to a reduced charge, a jury determined during her sentencing phase that she was mentally ill at the time of the attack and should not serve prison time.
Two weeks after the jury reached that conclusion, prosecutors and Geyser's defense attorneys agreed on a plea deal, avoiding a trial that was scheduled to start Oct. 16. Unlike Weier, Geyser pleaded guilty to the original charge.
Geyser's attorneys have argued in court documents that she suffers from schizophrenia and psychotic spectrum disorder, making her prone to delusions and paranoid beliefs. During Thursday's hearing, Geyser told the judge she's currently on "quite a few" medications.
A psychiatrist hired by her attorneys previously testified that she believed she could communicate telepathically with Slender Man and could see and hear other fictional characters, including unicorns and characters from the Harry Potter and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles series. She also believed she had "Vulcan mind control."
Slender Man started with an online post in 2009, as a mysterious specter whose image people edit into everyday scenes of children at play. He is typically depicted as a spidery figure in a black suit with a featureless white face. He was regarded by his devotees as alternately a sinister force and an avenging angel.
___
Associated Press writer Scott Bauer contributed to this report from Madison, Wisconsin.
OMAHA, Neb. (KMTV) - -
A popular restaurant in the heart of downtown Omaha was “Home” to an internationally-known chef for one night only. It's the world of fine dining from Paris brought to the Metro by one of its own.
“We have 5 hours to get these done,” Chef Austin Johnson emphasizes to his crew, working on a beautiful squash-blossom wrapped striped bass.
It's the culmination of a dream menu, years in the making.
“It's myself on a plate. It's everything I've learned over the last 17 years in the kitchen, starting in Omaha,” explains Chef Johnson.
Block 16 owners Paul and Jess Urban sought out Chef Johnson at Frenchie Restaurant in Paris.
“He'd made mention that he would love to come home to cook a dinner for his family and friends and people who helped him along his way,” said Jess Urban.
“This dinner isn't possible without the chefs that made me cook with them when I was 14 in Omaha. And it's not possible without Mrs. Biding from Millard West,” said Chef Johnson.
Sunday night, he honored them with a meal inspired by his travels and work in restaurants across the world.
“Parisienne meets Omaha...Minnesota ducks and Hudson Valley foie gras and Japanese fluke and local carrots,” Chef Johnson explained the menu.
It's taken five cooks three 16-hour days preparing it.
“Just pounding out some fluke. It's going to be one of the first courses for tonight,” said Johnson's sous chef from Paris, Australian-native Dale Sutton.
“We bit off a really big ambitious menu...We flew in truffles, black truffles from Australia because they're perfect right now...We have these ducks that we flew in. They've been hanging for almost 14 days, so they're getting really dry and kind of agey and we're going to roast them.” said Chef Johnson.
“We've got a whole fridge full of beautiful, beautiful little garnishes. And little textures and little hidden things in there. It's just going to be beautiful,” said Sutton.
“Paul and I just helped to facilitate this event for him, but it's very much Austin's dream and Austin's vision,” said Urban.
But, as far as Johnson has travelled, nothing compares to mom's home-cooking.
“I have her special recipe banana bread that I'm trying to do as the final course,” explained the chef.
“I'm confident in my recipe, so I think it'll be great. He'll put his final touches on that,” said mom Gayle Johnson.
It's an experience that means as much to Chef Johnson as it does to the diners.
“For me it's home because this place feels like home. The kitchen feels like home, the people I'm working with feel like home. But it's also my home,” said the chef.
The meal served 64 people at 175 dollars per plate, with an optional 75 dollar wine pairing.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Republicans on the House intelligence committee have voted to release a four-page classified memo related to the Russia election meddling probe.
The memo purports to show improper use of surveillance by the FBI and the Justice Department in the Russia investigation. It remains unclear exactly when or how the memo will be released.
President Donald Trump has five days to object to its release by the committee, though he has pushed for the memo to be made public.
Trump and many Republicans have suggested that some in the Justice Department and FBI have conspired against the president. Democrats have called the memo a selectively edited group of GOP talking points that attempt to distract from the committee's own investigation into Russian meddling.
West Lincoln's mayor planned to move forward with his request for an extra Niagara regional councillor for the township Monday during a face-to-face meeting with Ontario's Minister of Municipal Affairs.
Douglas Joyner was scheduled to meet with Minister Bill Mauro Monday at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario conference in Ottawa, where local politicians and those throughout the province are gathered until Wednesday.
Joyner's request to change the composition of Regional council by adding an extra member was emailed to the minister on July 21.
“I wanted the opportunity just to put the letter in his hand and more or less say to him, ‘Look, West Lincoln is ready to go. The Niagara Region has given its blessing',” Joyner said Monday by phone from Ottawa. “Please sooner than later sign off on this, so that we can begin the next steps.”
Joyner told Regional council on July 21 that he wanted another regional representative for West Lincoln because its population is anticipated to double in the next 25 years.
West Lincoln and Wainfleet are the only two municipalities in the region with only one representative on regional council — their mayors.
The 31-member body is made up of the chair, 12 mayors and 18 members elected from 10 Niagara municipalities.
Niagara Regional council agreed to ask the province for permission to begin the process to change the size of council.
If the province grants that authority, the region would have to hold at least one public meeting. It would then have to go through a “triple majority” process. A majority of regional councillors would have support the idea and the majority of Niagara's 12 municipalities, representing the majority of the population, would have to support it.
That's sure to set off debate within the various municipalities.
St. Catharines city councillor Bruce Williamson, who represents Port Dalhousie, is already planning to ask for a city staff report at the city's Aug. 21 meeting in anticipation of the issue coming to council.
Williamson said St. Catharines citizens are under-represented at the Region and city council needs factual information about the state of representation by population in Niagara Regional government when it deals with Joyner's request.
He said Pelham received an extra seat a few years ago and at the time St. Catharines was told the inequity it faced would be addressed next.
“It never was,” he said. “Now we've got an even smaller town with much superior representation comparatively, wanting another seat to get even more representation. It flies in the face of common sense.”
While Williamson said he's in favour of representation by population, he doesn't think the region needs more politicians. He said there may be another governance model they can explore, but it won't be in time for the next election.
St. Catharines has six regional councillors plus the mayor. Its 2016 population was 133,113, compared to West Lincoln's 14,500.
Joyner is aiming to have the process for an extra West Lincoln councillor done by Dec. 31, which is the deadline for changes for the 2018 election.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. Rainfall will be locally heavy at times. High 83F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 5 to 8 inches of rain expected. Localized flooding is possible..
Tonight
Partly cloudy skies. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
Getty Image / UPROXX Studios
By now, it's likely you've heard Pusha T's scathing diss track responding to Drake's “Duppy Freestyle,” “The Story Of Adidon,” and equally likely you've got an opinion. That's what the track was meant to do: Provoke a reaction in the moment. It shocked some with its art, with its surprising revelation of a year-old, unproved rumor about a secret child, and with its controversial, derogatory darts toward Drake's longtime producer, 40 Shebib. It did, by most measures, what a diss track is supposed to do.
However, while it was incisive, cold-hearted, mean-spirited, and cruel — as a good diss track should be — it was also disappointing, all flash, little substance.
It was disappointing because its barbs were surface level, shock tactics more appropriate to a Love & Hip-Hop catfight than a rap battle, and because at the slightest scrutiny, its disses and snipes reveal that Pusha isn't fighting from the high ground here. In fact, Pusha has taken up residence in a great, big glass mansion with a pocket full of stones and seems to be doing his best Henry Rowengartner impression and if he's not careful, he might bring the whole thing down around himself. “The Story Of Adidon” may have “revealed” a secret about Drake, but it probably says more about Pusha — and the rap audience clamoring for more juicy “dirt” than actual battle-worthy rhymes.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Let's address the elephant in the room first. There is no evidence that any of what Pusha has said regarding the “secret child” of Drake is true and the audience's unquestioning acceptance of his claims as fact is a problematic look into a wider problem whose problems are still plaguing many of us to this day. We just received an object lesson in the dangers of believing unsourced, “fake” news and while this situation isn't quite as urgent as, say, a presidential election, I'd just as soon wait to receive confirmation from a more reputable source than Bossip before repeating Pusha's claims verbatim.
His claims, and the reaction to them remind me a bit of an old idea called The Big Lie, which is that if you make a lie audacious enough, people will believe it without an ounce of skepticism because “who would tell a lie that big?” Even in something as frivolous as a rap battle, I'd prefer the contestants come with their facts straight, as well as at least some evidence to back up their boasts, or then anything goes. How hurtful can “dirt” be if it can't be proven and what's to stop the claims from getting bolder and wilder as the battle continues? There has to be some sort of standard or it becomes impossible to judge a winner or loser.
MADRID (AP) — Leganes boosted its chances of reaching the Copa del Rey final for the first time by salvaging a 1-1 draw against Sevilla on Wednesday, netting the equalizer after a mistake by Sevilla goalkeeper Sergio Rico.
Sevilla opened the scoring in the first leg with Luis Muriel after a counterattack midway through the first half at Butarque Stadium, but the hosts evened the match shortly after halftime. Rico missed the ball while trying to punch it away just in front of goal, allowing defender Dimitrios Siovas to easily find the net with a header.
Rico complained of a foul after apparent contact with Siovas.
Leganes, a club based just south of Madrid, eliminated Real Madrid in the quarterfinals. It had never reached the last eight of the Copa in the team's 89-year history.
Sevilla, a five-time Copa winner, is trying to return to the final for the first time since it was beaten by Barcelona in 2016.
___
More AP Spanish soccer coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LaLiga
Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!
Victor S. Jordan is the new chief operating officer for Providence St. Joseph Health Southern California. He will be responsible for day-to-day operations, including growth, quality, employee engagement, productivity and financial performance.
Michael G. Balmages has joined ADR Services in Irvine as a mediator, arbitrator and discovery referee. Balmages has practiced business, employment and real-estate litigation law in Orange County for 45 years and has served as a case settlement neutral on more than 500 cases. He is also currently on the board of the Legal Aid Society of Orange County.
Steve Fiasco has joined Ampil in Costa Mesa, a division of Insight Investments. Fiasco is Ampil's northeastern business development executive.
Mike Jones has joined Ampil in Costa Mesa, a division of Insight Investments. Jones is senior vice president of vendor finance.
Irvine-based BigRentz, an equipment rental network, has launched BigRentz Scholarships. Seen here, BigRentz staffs gets dunked with salt water to raise money and awareness for ALS in 2014. BigRentz is a large equipment rental firm based in Irvine. (File photo)
The California Department of Food and Agriculture's Pest Exclusion Branch has one mid-term vacancy on the Industrial Hemp Advisory Board. The IHAB vacancy is aimed at an applicant who plans to register as a grower of industrial hemp will have at least one of these functions: seed production, seed conditioning, marketing, and/or seed utilization. Seen here is dried hemp at Hemp Traders in Paramount. (Photo by Nick Agro, Orange County Register/SCNG)
VITAS Healthcare, a provider of end-of-life care, has opened its first dedicated hospital-based inpatient suites in Orange County at Chapman Global Medical Center. The partnership will provide care for terminally ill patients with complex symptoms. (Courtesy of VITAS)
VITAS Healthcare, a provider of end-of-life care, has opened its first dedicated hospital-based inpatient suites in Orange County at Chapman Global Medical Center. The partnership will provide care for terminally ill patients with complex symptoms. (Courtesy of VITAS)
Mary Lyn Baker of Yorba Linda won the Business Woman of the Year award from the National Association of Women Business Owners – Inland Empire Chapter. The award goes to a woman who has demonstrated creative initiative in her business to grow the business, to create jobs for others, to overcome obstacles, and to help her community.
Victor S. Jordan is the new chief operating officer for Providence St. Joseph Health Southern California. He will be responsible for day-to-day operations, including growth, quality, employee engagement, productivity and financial performance. He also will work closely with the chief executives of the not-for-profit health system's 14 Southern California hospitals and its two medical foundations. Jordan most recently was executive vice president and chief financial officer of the seven-hospital Detroit Medical Center.
Michael G. Balmages has joined ADR Services in Irvine as a mediator, arbitrator and discovery referee. Balmages has practiced business, employment and real-estate litigation law in Orange County for 45 years and has served as a case settlement neutral on more than 500 cases. He is also currently on the board of the Legal Aid Society of Orange County.
Mike Jones and Steve Fiasco have joined Ampil in Costa Mesa, a division of Insight Investments. The company offers vendor finance programs for technology manufacturers, systems integrators and managed service providers. Jones is senior vice president of vendor finance. Fiasco is Ampil's northeastern business development executive.
White Nelson Diehl Evans LLP in Irvine has named six new partners: Jill Cohen, Jennifer Pugh, Kassie Radermacher and Michael Glaab as audit and assurance partners, Erin Johnson and Christina Wenk as tax and advisory services partners.
On board
KidWorks, a Santa Ana-based nonprofit that provides academic, spiritual and leadership programs for underserved children and teens, has announced changes to its volunteer board. Erlinda Martinez has been elected board chair after serving for nine years as a member. New to the Board are Scott Homan, chief financial officer at City Ventures, an Irvine-based homebuilder, and Gabe Potyondy, managing director of commercial real estate at BBVA Compass in Irvine.
New ventures
VITAS Healthcare, a provider of end-of-life care, has opened its first dedicated hospital-based inpatient suites in Orange County at Chapman Global Medical Center. The partnership will provide care for terminally ill patients with complex symptoms. Hospice inpatient beds enable VITAS to provide care for hospice patients whose symptoms are better managed in a hospital setting while adhering to the patient's wishes for end-of-life care. The two private inpatient hospice suites, located in the hospital's medical-surgical unit, offer the ability for family and loved ones to be present 24-hours a day.
Partners Jeff Tsoi and Pak Wong have signed on as a U-Haul neighborhood dealer serving Laguna Hills. Tsoi and Wong own EZ Tech Wireless OC at 24881 Alicia Pkwy. Suite K. The site will offer U-Haul trucks, towing equipment, moving supplies and in-store pickup for boxes. Normal business hours are 10 a.m.-7 p.m. Monday-Friday; 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday; and on-call Sunday.
Grants & scholarships
Cal State Fullerton's Mihaylo College of Business and Economics received its first grant, a $50,000 gift from Mercury Insurance, for its Women's Leadership program. Launched in 2015, the program was created to help provide women with the skills and tools they need to advance into top leadership positions. The Women's Leadership Program is open to the Mihaylo College of Business and Economics women currently in their sophomore, junior, senior year or graduate school.
Science@OC, a nonprofit that works to strengthen science education in Orange County's public middle schools, has received $45,000 in combined grants from Amway/Nutrilite ($20,000), Pacific Life ($10,000), the OL Halsell Foundation ($7,500) and Western Digital ($7,500). The grants will support Science@OC's Project Jumpstart, aimed at middle school students in eight school districts.
Irvine-based BigRentz, an equipment rental network, has launched BigRentz Scholarships. Students planning to pursue or currently pursuing a career in civil, agricultural, industrial or geological engineering, or related engineering discipline involving design and construction can apply for the BigRentz Engineering Scholarship. Students who are pursuing a bachelor of arts or bachelor of fine art in creative disciplines including film studies, film production, cinematography or a related field can apply for the BigRentz Film Scholarship. BigRentz will award $5,000 to two students to help cover educational expenses. The deadline to submit an application with an essay is Aug. 3, 2018 by 11:59 p.m. EST. Recipients will be announced Aug. 15. To qualify, students must have a GPA of 3.0 or higher and be a senior in high school or an undergraduate student. Questions can be sent to scholarships@bigrentz.com.
Milestones
Cypress-based Mitsubishi Electric America Foundation has been honored by the American Association of People with Disabilities with its 2018 Catalyst Award at the AAPD Leadership Awards Gala in Washington, D.C. The award recognizes the foundation's efforts to empower youth with disabilities to lead productive lives. The Mitsubishi Electric America Foundation provided funding to support the AAPD Summer Internship Program, now in its 17th year, which has placed nearly 300 college students with disabilities in internships in Congressional Offices, federal agencies, as well as the nonprofit and for-profit sectors.
Coming up
The Orange County Board of Supervisors and the Orange County Development Board will host the sixth annual Central Orange County Job Fair from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Thursday, March 22. The event, at the Garden Grove Community Center, is open to the public. More than 50 employers will be accepting resumes, interviewing and hiring job seekers. The Business Service Center will host prep workshops through March 20 to help prepare job seekers. Scheduled dates and times can be found at www.oconestop.com. The community center address is at 11300 Stanford Ave.
The Leadership in Heels speaker series will host a panel of glass-breaking, C-suite executives for “Breaking the Glass Ceiling: What Happens When the Heels Get Too High” from 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. Thursday, March 22 at the Center Club in Costa Mesa. Both men and women are invited to attend. Tickets for the session are $75 and can be bought at breakingtheglassceiling.eventbrite.com. The Center Club is located at 650 Town Center Drive, Garden Level, in Costa Mesa.
Status Update is compiled by contributing writer Karen Levin and edited by Business Editor Samantha Gowen. Submit items to sgowen@scng.com. High-resolution images also can be submitted. Allow at least one week for publication. Items are edited for length and clarity.
AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — It looks like a perfectly staged assassination, straight out of the pages of a spy novel: North Korean royalty Kim Jong Nam, the estranged, exiled half-brother of leader Kim Jong-un, falls ill at a Malaysian airport, complains of being sprayed with some sort of chemical, and drops dead. But, as with many things about the alleged motives of cloistered North Korea, the unknowns currently far outweigh the certainties. A look at what officials are trying to piece together as they work to reconstruct one of the most audacious, mysterious assassinations in recent Asian history: — WHY NOW? This is the big one: Motive. Kim Jong Nam, a jovial, overweight gambler and playboy, had embarrassed Pyongyang before – he tried to sneak into Tokyo Disney; he criticized his half-brother – but he's been generally seen more as an annoyance than an existential threat to North Korea's stability. Why would Kim Jong-un go through the massive logistical trouble – and potential embarrassment – of staging the risky assassination of a blood relation on foreign soil? Without elaborating, South Korea's spy service told lawmakers Wednesday that the North had been trying to kill Kim Jong Nam for five years. Spy officials offered a single, shaky motive for the death: Kim Jong-un's “paranoia” over his estranged brother. But the South's National Intelligence Service has a long history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the North's leadership as mentally unstable. Some in Seoul wonder if Kim Jong-un might have become enraged when a South Korean newspaper reported last week that Kim Jong Nam tried to defect to the South in 2012. South Korea's spy service denied this, but it's still an open question: Could public speculation that a member of the exalted Kim dynasty wanted to flee to the hated South have pushed Kim Jong-un to order his brother's assassination? — WHY THE AIRPORT IN MALAYSIA? There would seem to be easier, less public places to kill such a high-profile target. A possible explanation might be found in another nugget provided by South Korea's spy agency: China had long protected Kim Jong Nam and his family in their home base of Macau. Analysts have seen Beijing as looking to Kim Jong Nam as a potential leader should North Korea's regime collapse. With security, presumably overseen by China, tight in Macau, could there have been a security gap in Malaysia that offered North Korean assassins an opportunity they couldn't have gotten elsewhere? — WHO ARE THE MYSTERY WOMEN? The details of the attack itself are a tangled mess as of now. Kim told medical workers that he'd been sprayed with a chemical, which brings to mind past attacks with poison-tipped pens linked to North Korean assassins. South Korea's spy agency says two women believed to be North Korean agents attacked Kim. They then reportedly fled. Japanese media quoted the government in Tokyo as saying those women may now be dead. None of this has been confirmed yet. Still, finding out who these women are and who hired them could go a long way to unlocking the mystery. — WHAT NEXT? North Korea has said nothing officially about the death, but that's not unusual. The country's propaganda specialists are masters at reporting only details that lionize the Kim family as paragons of virtue. This clearly doesn't do that. China may be angry at the killing of a close North Korean contact, so there could be some sort of reaction, possibly back-channel, from Beijing. But a more concrete punishment could come from Washington. Cheong Seong-Chang, a South Korean analyst, said the assassination might convince the U.S. Congress to relist North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, further isolating the already widely shunned country. — Associated Press writer Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
Comments
comments
Bangladesh's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday said her government would continue to support nearly 1 million Rohingya Muslims who have fled neighboring Myanmar to escape violence.
Hasina said the government was pursuing a plan to build temporary shelters for the Rohingya on an island with the help of international aid agencies whom she praised for their support.
She made the statement at Dhaka airport on her return from New York after attending the U.N. General Assembly session. The U.N. has described the violence in Myanmar as "ethnic cleansing."
Hasina accused Myanmar of creating tensions at the border, but said she has asked the country's security forces to deal with the crisis "very carefully."
"They pretended like they wanted a war," she said.
More than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims have crossed over to Bangladesh since late August, when Myanmar security forces responded to militant attacks with a broad crackdown that witnesses and rights groups say has included killing and arson. An equal number of Rohingya Muslims have previously fled Myanmar since 1978.
Myanmar doesn't recognize the Rohingya as an ethnic group, instead insisting they are Bengali migrants from Bangladesh living illegally in the country. Myanmar has come under international criticism for failing to stop the recent violence in its Rakhine state and in turn an exodus that has become the largest refugee crisis to hit Asia in decades.
The Myanmar government's information committee said in a statement late Thursday that it had stopped 17,000 Rohingya from fleeing in just four days last week. Still villagers say Rohingya are still attempting to leave and many are gathered on the beaches just across the water from Bangladesh waiting for a chance to leave the country.
On Saturday, Hasina reiterated that the settlements for Rohingya Muslims would be temporary until they returned to their homes in Myanmar.
Her government would continue to support them with food and shelter.
"If needed, we will eat a full meal once a day and share the rest with them," she said.
BERLIN (AP) — A 20-year-old German man has been convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison for killing a child and a 22-year-old acquaintance.
News agency dpa reported Wednesday that the Bochum state court chose to sentence the defendant as an adult, though it could have judged him under milder juvenile law.
Marcel Hesse, through his lawyer, admitted during his trial to the two killings. In March, he allegedly lured a 9-year-old neighbor out of his home in the western city of Herne and then stabbed him. The discovery of the body prompted a three-day manhunt before Hesse turned himself in.
Police later found the body of a former school friend of Hesse's at a nearby apartment, while pictures of the crimes, allegedly posted by Hesse, surfaced online.
The motive remains unclear.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is making his first Supreme Court visits at a moment of high legal drama.
The justices are weighing what to do with the president's ban on travelers from six mostly Muslim countries.
But the reason for his high court trip Thursday is purely ceremonial, to mark Justice Neil Gorsuch's ascension to the bench.
Trump has no role in the courtroom ceremony, but presidents often make the trip to the court from the White House to honor their nominees.
While the dispute over the travel ban and other controversies have simmered during Trump's first few months in office, his choice of the 49-year-old Gorsuch for the Supreme Court won widespread praise in the legal community as well as unanimous Republican support in the Senate.
A federal judge first blocked Trump's initial travel ban in early February. The president issued a revised version in March. It never took effect after judges in Maryland and Hawaii put it on hold. Two federal appeals courts have since upheld those lower court orders.
The Trump administration has asked the Supreme Court to allow the ban to take effect immediately.
Gorsuch actually has been a member of the high court since April, and he even issued his first opinion on Monday.
The investiture ceremony typically takes place before a new justice's first day on the bench, but Gorsuch was confirmed and sworn in on a tight schedule.
He filled the seat that had been held for nearly 30 years by Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016. The high court seat was vacant for nearly 14 months after Senate Republicans refused to take up President Barack Obama's nomination of Judge Merrick Garland.
SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) — California is aiming to quash the growth of immigration detention in the state under a proposed budget measure to push back against the Trump administration's plans to boost deportations.
The state's $125 billion budget — which is set to be approved Thursday — has a related measure to prevent local governments from signing contracts with federal authorities for immigration detention facilities or expanding existing contracts. It would also have the state attorney general review conditions at immigration detention facilities in California.
"I think we send a very clear message in this budget that California is going in the opposite direction of Trump's administration," said Sen. Ricardo Lara, a Democrat.
The budget was negotiated by Gov. Jerry Brown and Democratic legislative leaders. A message was left for the state Senate's Republican caucus.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement declined to comment on pending legislation.
The proposal is the latest in a series of moves by California lawmakers aimed at protecting immigrants in the country illegally from President Donald Trump's efforts to ramp up immigration enforcement.
State lawmakers are also weighing proposals to provide lawyers for immigrants in deportation proceedings and limit communication between local police and federal immigration agents.
Thomas Homan, ICE's acting director, told U.S. lawmakers earlier this week that more detention space is needed to carry out additional deportations. The Trump administration expects next year to house about 51,000 immigrant detainees on a given day, up from nearly 40,000, he said.
Currently, there are nine immigration detention facilities in California. All but one — the Otay Mesa Detention Center near the U.S.-Mexico border — contract through local government agencies to house about 3,800 people, according to ICE.
Many detainees in California are legally required to be held while their cases churn through immigration court, said Virginia Kice, an ICE spokeswoman.
Immigration authorities are not required to house detainees where they live and have been known to transfer immigrants across state lines when bed space is tight.
In recent years, immigrant advocates raised concerns about conditions in detention facilities, including one in Orange County where an internal government watchdog cited reports of spoiled food and moldy showers.
While California is looking to push back against immigration detention, some debt-strapped counties in Texas are hoping to refill empty jails with immigrant detainees.
Immigrant advocates in California said they hoped the measure might inspire other states to follow suit.
"While California can't end immigration detention on its own, California can lead," said Christina Fialho, executive director of Community Initiatives for Visiting Immigrants in Confinement.
___
Associated Press writer Jonathan J. Cooper in Sacramento contributed to this report.
Former senator Ferdinand "Bongbong" Marcos Jr and son of late former dictator Ferdinand Marcos is greeted by his supporters upon his arrival at the Supreme Court in metro Manila, Philippines April 17, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
MANILA (Reuters) - The son of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos on Monday took a step towards securing a recount of votes in an election for vice president last year in which he says he was unfairly robbed of victory.
The son, also called Ferdinand Marcos but popularly known as Bongbong, lost the election for vice president last May to social activist and lawyer Leni Robredo by about 260,000 votes.
He has objected to the result ever since and the Supreme Court ruled in February that his protest was valid, but he has to pay for a recount of the votes.
On Monday, he deposited about 36 million pesos ($728,500) as payment for a recount of votes in 42 percent of polling precincts.
"It's good I have kind-hearted friends. They believe in my election protest because it is right, just and fair," Marcos told reporters after signing a check.
He did not elaborate on his friends.
Robredo's relationship with President Rodrigo Duterte is far from close and he has frequently made jokes in public at her expense.
She has been critical of some of his policies, including his deadly war on drugs, and delivered a video message to a U.N. human rights conference in Geneva last month.
She also opposed the burial of the late dictator Marcos at a heroes' cemetery.
Last year, Duterte instructed aides to tell Robredo to cease attending his Cabinet meetings, prompting her to resign as housing minister, though she remained vice president.
Rumors have swirled that Duterte favors Marcos but Duterte has denied he is trying to oust Robredo. Presidents and vice presidents are elected separately in the Philippines.
Marcos has until July 14 to pay another 30 million pesos to complete recounting votes in more than 39,000 polling precincts nationwide.
He said vote-counting machines were manipulated to favor of Robredo. She has challenged his protest in the high court saying he had not specifically said where the supposed irregularities took place.
Duterte's father, a former governor in Mindanao province, served under the elder Marcos when he was first elected president in 1965.
Marcos was ousted in protests in 1986 and died in Hawaii in 1989.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Robert Birsel)
FILE - In this May 15, 2013 file photo, President Barack Obama sits with Attorney General Eric Holder during the 32nd annual the National Peace Officers Memorial Service on Capitol Hill in Washington. Obama has announced plans to improve Democrats' down-ballot fortunes once he leaves office. He is launching an initiative with former Attorney General Eric Holder aimed at making Democratic gains when states redraw legislative district lines following the 2020 census. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
CONCORD, N.H. (AP) — Democrats around the country are demanding change from a national committee they say has focused too heavily on the White House at the expense of governorships, legislatures and state party operations.
"It's got to be helping us organize in our states to be able to build that power at the state legislative level," Michigan Democratic Party Chair Brandon Dillon said of the Democratic National Committee, currently searching for a new leader. "We've lost governorships and state legislatures at a rate that is pretty astounding."
DNC members gather in February to elect a new chairman, with five candidates running so far, each pledging to rebuild from the ground up. Money from the DNC to state parties has been inconsistent during President Barack Obama's tenure and, in most states, less than it was under former chairman Howard Dean. Party chairs say that's resulted in fewer staff members and training programs, a change felt particularly in Republican-leaning states. State leaders also say Obama's grassroots group Organizing for Action has functioned more like competition than a partner.
Beginning in 2017, Republicans will hold 33 governorships and fully control legislatures in 25 states, as well as the Congress and presidency. During Obama's two terms in office, the party lost more than 1,000 seats at the state and national level.
"I love President Obama, but he and his administration allowed for the deterioration, the terrible deterioration, of the state parties over the last eight years," said Mark Brewer, who led the Michigan Democratic Party for 18 years.
Obama has announced plans, though, to improve Democrats' down-ballot fortunes once he leaves office. He is launching an initiative with former Attorney General Eric Holder aimed at making Democratic gains when states redraw legislative district lines following the 2020 census. Democrats have blamed Republican gerrymandering for some of their losses in Congress and state legislatures.
State officials say it's been hard to plan long term and recruit and train candidates in off-election years due to inconsistent funding from the DNC. Under Dean, the national party installed and paid several staff members in each state. But that program ended after Obama's election. State parties began to receive monthly payments of anywhere from $5,000 to $10,000, an amount that varies depending on the year. At some point, the parties have received no money at all. The DNC does provide some money to state parties for elections based on the state's competitive races and other factors.
The change has left some states scrambling.
The Nebraska Democratic Party, for example, paid five full-time staff members during Dean's tenure. But when Dean's "50-state strategy" ended, it was hard to keep one and pay the rent, said Maureen Monahan, a vice president of the Association for State Democratic Chairs from Nebraska. Some states, such Mississippi, do not pay their party chairs. Even in Michigan, a staff that once stood at more than a dozen now is between five and seven employees, party chairs said.
"The past eight years we have not had any focus on the state parties," Monahan said. "There's been a sense that the DNC is a building in Washington."
The push-and-pull between state parties and the DNC is nothing new. State parties, congressional Democratic groups and the president's allies often spar over how best to spend party resources. The DNC defended its involvement with states.
"State parties are the lifeblood of the DNC, and we make investing in all of them a priority because they are an integral part of winning up and down the ballot. State parties were critical to picking up Senate seats, House seats, legislative chambers and governorships in 2016, and their importance will be a key focus for the party as we elect new officers in February," DNC spokesman Adam Hodge said.
Marcel Groen, Pennsylvania Democrats' chair, said it's unfair to blame Democrats' troubles completely on the national party. But he said a focus on recruiting and running Democrats even in low level races in Republicans areas can help the top of the ticket in the long term.
"We can't expect people in rural areas, in red areas, to vote for our presidential candidates or our gubernatorial or Senate candidates if they've never seen a Democrat running for school board or county office," he said.
HOUSTON (AP) — Texans coach Bill O'Brien says he wouldn't have let Tom Savage re-enter Sunday's game after an alarming hit that gave him a concussion and left the quarterback's hands shaking if he had seen the video of the hit.
Savage was injured with about nine minutes remaining in the second quarter of Houston's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when he was driven to the ground on a hit by Elvis Dumervil.
Replays showed Savage looking dazed after his head hit the ground with both of his arms shaking and lifted upward.
He was taken to the medical tent where he stayed for less than three minutes before returning to the bench and going back in for the next series.
Savage threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team doctor approached him after he returned to the sideline at the end of that possession.
He was then evaluated again and taken to the locker room after it was determined that he did have a concussion.
On Monday O'Brien said: "There's no video on the sideline. All there are are tablets. There's no video, there's nothing like that. With benefit of seeing the video ... (and) the care for the player, I would've never let that player back in the game, and I don't believe that (trainer) Geoff Kaplan would've allowed that player back in the game. I don't have benefit of the video. I did not see anything."
Also on Monday an NFL spokesman said the league is looking into whether concussion protocol was properly followed after Savage was injured.
League spokesman Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association "together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it."
___
AP Pro Football Writer Barry Wilner contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Sam Perkins has an almost encyclopedic knowledge of basketball -- specifically, America East men's basketball. Once you get him talking about the collegiate athletic conference, it's hard to get him to stop.
It's this passion that led Sam to create the website One-Bid Wonders, which through 2015 was one of the few sites covering America East men's basketball. Not only was it a home for the rabid America East fan to get their fix of news and in-depth reporting, but it also became an outlet for Sam to reconnect with his deceased father, Jack Perkins, who taught Sam everything he knew about basketball. Jack made a tradition of taking Sam and his younger brother Noah to America East games.
“One-Bid Wonders was my connection to my dad, going through my fingertips out there onto the worldwide web,” Sam says.
WHAT TO KNOW Sam Perkins grew up sharing his father's passion for the underdogs of college basketball - the America East Conference. When his father tragically passed away, Sam sought to keep his father's memory alive by "chasing his father's ghost” through devoting himself to the game that once brought them close together.
Sam, 32, grew up in Cambridge, Mass., where he played a bit of basketball, but was mostly a baseball player. He says that while growing up, he always worried about his parents.
“I was a really nervous little kid,” says Sam. “And my anxiety was related [to the idea] that something was going to happen to my parents, but especially him [his dad].”
“ ” it was really a great experience to get to be around him and my brother and to feel like it was an adventure to be going to these games.
As a boy, Sam always looked for assurances from his dad that everything was going to be okay, and that nothing was ever going to happen to his parents. But Jack Perkins never gave his son those false assurances.
“He said, ‘the way that this works is that I'm not always going to be around,'” says Sam. “'The way it's supposed to work is that I die before you do. But a part of me is always going to be there with you.'”
From an early age, Jack Perkins would pack his two sons in the car and drive over two hours east to Amherst, Mass., to attend games at his alma mater, the University of Massachusetts. At these games, he would describe more than just the stats and the rules of the game to his sons.
“He wasn't someone that was yelling or cheering, but he would explain the game to me,” Sam says. “He'd tell me about the different players, he told me about their backgrounds. He'd tell me about kind of the narrative and it was really a great experience to get to be around him and my brother, and to feel like it was an adventure to be going to these games. That was how I became a fan.”
“He was a really good dad. He would always take us to the park to play basketball, he was my basketball coach,” says Noah. “He was a really good guy, but I guess I would describe him as complicated.”
Jack Perkins stood 6'6” with a lean frame, and was a talented basketball player in college. He was a systems analyst for the U.S. Department of Transportation, where he earned a decent paycheck. His two sons remember him having a great sense of humor and a healthy appetite for knowledge, but they also always felt their dad had an underlying sadness.
“He had this crazy sense of humor, but I could also tell that there would be times when he wasn't super happy,” says Sam. “I know that he would have rather done something else for work... he wasn't inspired by his work. It gave him a good paycheck, good benefits as a government job, but it wasn't what he wanted to do...I know he had this plan for a while that when he retired he wanted to try and become like a history teacher in a middle school somewhere.”
“I think he wanted to be a writer, but he ended up working for the Department of Transportation,” say Noah. “When my mom and dad divorced, I think that really took a toll on him, and for me -- I was five when they got divorced.”
By the time Sam was in high school, the trips to Amherst to catch a UMass game became less frequent. The team wasn't as good, and not worth the long drive for the Perkins family. At that point, Sam was a teenager and looking for more independence. Jack Perkins decided to go more local for his basketball fix and got into the America East men's basketball, with two teams right next door in Boston: Boston University and Northeastern University.
America East is one of the smaller conferences in Division-I men's basketball, sporting nine teams, with only one team making it into the National Collegiate Athletic Association finals every year.
“America East basketball is very small-time in the grand landscape of the college basketball scene. “It is tiny programs. It's kids playing in front of empty seats. They're not playing on national TV. They're not household names. So, these are the underdogs. These are the David's of the world definitely,” Sam says, referring to the story of David and Goliath. “Except they're like the David's without a slingshot.”
Will Brown, head coach of the University at Albany's men's basketball team, part of the America East Conference, agrees.
“We're not recruiting the McDonald's All-American or the top 50 player nationally,” he says. “I think the elite programs in the country, they can handpick who they want.”
Jack brought his two sons to check out the America East, and Sam fell in love immediately.
“I think at first I was like what is this rinky-dink,” says Sam. “Then when the guys started playing, I loved it because of how hard they were playing, and it was actually a really good level of basketball. They were guys that that you could relate to more. And it was just it was great to reconnect with that experience of doing something with my dad and with my brother.”
“ ” I kept going to games because I didn't know what else to do.
After attending a memorable 2003 America East Championship game, where the University of Vermont upset Boston University, Jack bought tickets for him and his boys to attend the first game of the following season for Boston University.
But just a week before that opening game, tragedy struck when Jack was hit by a van while riding his bicycle home from work.
“We got a call from the hospital my mom answered,” says Sam. “She was like, we have to go get your brother, your dad was in a car accident, he got hit by a car. We don't know much what happened.”
“I remember I just started high school, this happened in November, I was in science class,” says Noah. “I remember the principal came to get me from class, and I'm thinking maybe I'm in trouble. He handed me a cell phone, and he's like, ‘you have to call your mom.' And so, I called my mom, and she's crying on the phone and she's like, ‘it's your dad. You know there's been an accident.'”
When the brothers arrived at the hospital they saw the man they idolized their whole life lying on a hospital bed, badly bruised and coming in and out of a coma.
“By the time we got there he'd been out of surgery,” says Sam. “Just looking at him, his face was so swollen... he didn't look like my dad. And they really couldn't tell us what was going to happen or not. They said he's got bleeding in the brain, with the rundown of ‘we really don't know, it kind of takes a while to see how do these things.'
“But I had these tickets that my dad and my brother and myself are supposed to go to the opening game, and my brother wasn't up for going,” he added.
“For me, I just needed to not talk about it, and not be around the American East, and things that were big reminders of our dad,” says Noah. “For [Sam], it was like the exact opposite.”
Right after that first game, Sam went straight to his father's hospital bedside and told him all about it.
“It was really tough for a while to see him, feeding tube in, breathing tube in and all during that time when he was in the hospital, basically in and out of a coma,” Sam said. “I kept going to games because I didn't know what else to do.”
Then, in early January of 2004, after being in a coma for two months, Sam and his brother made the tough decision to take Jack off life support.
“My dad used to always joke around with me because we start watching “The Simpsons” together when I was in grade school,” Sam recalls. “He used to always say, ‘if I ever become Grandpa Simpson I want you to take me out into a field and shoot me, because I don't want to live life like that.' So that always stayed in the back of my mind. He wouldn't have wanted to be a vegetable. So we took him off life support. Then he was gone.”
After his father's death in January, Sam kept going to America East games and finished college, graduating in 2007 with a degree in English from the University of Massachusetts Boston. Not knowing exactly what he wanted to do with his life, and still grieving, he began writing about America East basketball and hustling to sell his articles to local papers and online blogs.
“I just started pestering publications: ‘Hey, can I cover the America East, you don't have anyone writing about it,'” Sam recalls. “And I wound up being able to freelance and write for these different publications and then that's when I really got to know the players and the coaches.”
Then in 2010, while at a wedding, he met Matt Whitrock, who was attending Boston University and wrote for the student paper. They both shared a love of America East basketball, and kept in touch after that wedding.
“One night we were just talking and somehow the idea came out,” says Sam. “We should launch a website covering this league, because we're both really into that like narrative aspect of it. And so, then that summer we did it, for the following year 2010-2011. And One-Bid Wonders was born.”
Using his own money, Sam drove all over the northeast U.S., covering games and writing in-depth profiles of players and coaches of the conference for One-Bid Wonders. For years, he loved every moment of it.
Four years after it was launched, One-Bid Wonders began to take off; one of Sam's most-trafficked pieces received about 70,000 views. Soon he found investors, which enabled Sam to hire more writers for the site, and he even was able to pay himself a salary. But even with added support, he was spread thin.
“ ” it just went from really helping me to keep moving forward to then it started hindering me that last year.
“Once there was a paycheck involved in it, that passion really went, because I felt like the expectations started to become unreasonable,” says Sam. “I was writing an insane amount. The month of January I wrote 32 feature stories in one month. That is absurd. We're talking 32 well-researched, interview, going in-depth writing, 2,000, 3,000, 3,500 words for each of these stories. No one does that. No one anywhere writes that much. Sports Illustrated, you're doing like, one a month, like at the pinnacle of sports journalism. You're not doing 32 of those.
“And the viewership started growing, but it was never enough,” Sam continues. “I would write a great story, one that I should've been so proud about, and it was immediately onto the next one and I wasn't taking pride in my work. I wasn't sleeping. My health was deteriorating, and it just was getting to be too much. I was just like you know what, I think this is the end, because it's making me not love the thing that I've loved for so long.”
Sam also started to not feel his father as much at the games he attended, and not as much in the work he was producing. In August 2015, One-Bid Wonders was officially done.
“All that time I spent there, it was helping me to start to move forward again in life,” says Sam. “And I feel like that last year of it I stopped moving forward again, because I started worrying so much about everything else associated with it -- bills and paychecks and views, and investors and all this stuff. So it just went from really helping me to keep moving forward, to then hindering me that last year.”
Noah says that he saw a sense of sadness when his brother shuttered the site.
“It was something he put so much of himself into for so long,” Noah says. “But I also do think that there was a sense of relief, in the sense that it was freeing for him. To be able to get away from, I guess, chasing the ghost of our dad.”
After that final year running One-Bid Wonders, Sam completely divorced himself from America East basketball -- not attending or watching a single game, and not reading anything about the conference or players.
“I had 13 years of amazing experiences and emotions and feelings with the America East,” says Sam. “I felt like that one year of doing it as my job, like it was completely overshadowing them, so I just needed a break.”
Almost two years after the closing of One-Bid Wonders, Sam decided to go back and watch the America East again, and says that the positive feelings he used to experience watching those games began to come back again. Today he's a dad, and works as a special-ed school teacher. He believes he has found his passion in life.
He has also been able to spiritually reconnect with his father, finding him outside of the America East and One-Bid Wonders.
“I was a little worried I guess that last year that I had lost that connection with my dad,” Sam says. “But I have reconnected with him. I have my son now. He's eight months old, he's named Jack, and I feel my dad when I'm with my son. I'm trying to be a good dad, and I'm trying to remember how my dad was as a father, and the lessons he imparted on me by the way he raised me, and the kind of dad that he was.
“I don't know if I'll ever be on his level as a dad but,” he adds. “if I can be a quarter of the dad that he was, I'll be doing a pretty good job.”
For the new film In Search of Fellini, writer/producer Nancy Cartwright and director Taron Lexton took Cartwright's true-life experiences and created an independent production which pays homage to the legendary director and carves its own niche in surprisingly refreshing ways. Of course, international audiences will recognize Cartwright's name as the voice of Bart Simpson. Yet, this project took her into decidedly different directions.
“In 1985, before I was cast as Bart, “she said of her journey that culminated in this new film, “I was in an acting class and doing six animated shows on Saturday syndicated television. I was very successful and single and making a pretty good living doing cartoons. I was doing scene study – my teacher suggested I take a look at Fellini's La Strada (1954). I was inspired and started putting up scene after scene in my class.”
Though Cartwright was making, in her words, “a good living,” she felt as though something was missing inside. “I wasn't cultivating the muse inside of me,” she recalled. “I had this idea of going to Italy and meeting Fellini; I wanted to get the rights to La Strada onstage.
After Cartwright started writing Fellini numerous letters, she finally heard back from his office. “Glad that you love La Strada,” said Fellini's handlers, but they added, “Please don't come here.” Despite the decline of connecting with the legendary director, Cartwright ended up travelling to Italy, starting in Milan. “I wanted to eat, drink, fall in love; everything that an American girl does in her 20s.”
In her search of Fellini, 75% of which actually happened to her in her new film, Cartwright eventually discovered her muse. “Sometimes, you have to travel far, far away in order to find what is closest to you,” she said of her travels. “In this movie, [leading character] Lucy is finding her purpose in life. The theme has a lot to do with making your dreams come true.”
Ultimately, Cartwright and screenwriter Peter Kjenaas cultivated a script which followed Cartwright's aforementioned true experiences. “We have such a wonderful partnership,” she said of her co-writer. “We met about 26 years ago. By then, I was on The Simpsons. I didn't see myself as a writer, but Peter said, ‘I want to work with you.' We ended up writing it in one week. It sounds impossible, but we had been working on it for about 20 years. The essence of the story was always the same. The main incidents that happened in the film have never changed; those are based on reality.”
When Cartwright spotted director Taron Lexton's visual work, she knew he was the best choice to direct In Search of Fellini, though Lexton deferentially gave credit to his crew for conjuring the sumptuous look of the film. “Kudos to our amazing DP, Kevin Garrison,” Lexton said. “He did so much intensive research. We had to find out what were the big-ticket items that would elevate our looks: Red Dragon X — we got some beautiful Arri master primes. Todd Jeffrey, our production designer, found those locations, which would deliver that kind of spectacle. Todd came with us and assembled our interiors from scratch in both Italy and the U.S. into these beautiful textured universes. It was a good year of pre-production in true indie fashion to squeeze every bit out of what we had.”
To shoot In Search of Fellini, Lexton only had four weeks of principal photography, shooting 25-50 shots per day, but luck was on his side. “The whole movie process was quite dreamlike,” he said. “The movie feels how the production felt. We would look at the monitor and look at each other – ‘Is this happening?' I'm a very methodical filmmaker – nail the script, shoot it the way I wrote it, and edit it the way I shot it. This film was the opposite. The discoveries we were making on the way… we had so much more material than we thought.”
In post-production, Lexton worked closely with editor K. Spencer Jones to bring the film to its current point. “Weaving it together was a long process – months and months of going through every single take and considering how to best use each moment,” the director said. “Nancy allowed us a lot of room to continue the creative process and not become rigid or regimented. Nancy's original experience and Fellini: that was the guiding experience all through post.”
In the end, Lexton noted the two things which made his film click on a short shooting schedule with a small budget. “Having a great story that everyone is in support of – not spending time getting lost,” he said, before adding one final element. “Having an amazing cast who can go at the push of a button.”
ATLANTA (AP) — The search for two Georgia inmates wanted in the killing of their guards on a prison bus is expanding as it stretches into a third day.
Authorities have said 43-year-old Donnie Russell Rowe and 24-year-old Ricky Dubose overpowered and killed 42-year-old Sgt. Christopher Monica and 58-year-old Sgt. Curtis Billue while escaping from the bus Tuesday morning.
Authorities say the pair carjacked a driver and fled in his green Honda Civic to Madison, about 25 miles to the north, where they burglarized a house and stole a white Ford pickup truck. The Honda was found hidden in a wooded area Wednesday afternoon.
Federal, state and local law enforcement agencies plan to hold a news conference Thursday to provide an update on the investigation.
CHP says it's not someone but rather something responsible for 55 shattered windshields at 24 & 680 since Dec. -- 4pm @abc7newsbayarea pic.twitter.com/1ky6CYE5v0 — Melanie Woodrow (@MelanieWoodrow) February 14, 2017
California Highway Patrol officers say they've determined the cause of dozens of cracked windshields on State Route 24 and Interstate 680.Victims thought someone was throwing rocks from the overpass.Part of these investigations involved the CHP actually staking out multiple spots for long periods of time over several weeks.A spokesperson says they found absolutely no evidence of anyone throwing anything onto the freeway, but when they looked down they found something else--shattered windows and broken glass."It was just such a scary moment," said Alamo resident Sereta Church. "And I can still hear the sound. It was so awful."It has happened dozens of times since December."To date, we've had about 55 reports to CHP," said Brandon Correia of the Contra Costa CHP.Often where I-680 meets Hwy 24 is near an overpass. Now CHP says it's not someone whose responsible. It's something."Investigation with our allied partners points to the roadway and debris on the roadway falling apart and being kicked up by motorists," Correia told ABC7 News."I have a really hard time believing that a truck or other vehicle kicked a 10-15 pound rock 20 feet in the air," said San Mateo resident Alex Green.Caltrans says it has submitted contracts for emergency projects. The work will be for approximately 5 miles of I-680 Southbound and one mile of SR-24."We've had four months, five months of really heavy rain, inclement weather that further deteriorates the roadway," Correia added.Caltrans says maintenance crews have conducted sweeping operations in the area approximately 10 times since late December to mitigate any loose materials on the roadway which the agency says is safe to travel.
Mediaite
Christopher Cantwell, who is best known by the Internet as the “crying Nazi” from Vice's Charlottesville mini-documentary, was utterly “terrified” in June by his newly mainstream reputation for pushing racially-fueled violence and went into hiding. He eventually did turn himself in to police, and he was booked on a charge of felony use of tear gas. Vice now reports that Cantwell's $25,000 bail has now been posted after a crowdfunding push by those who share his white supremacist views. As of last Friday, he's at home, but he's not pleased.
Vice spoke with Cantwell this weekend and learned that he (claims to have) received over $40,000 through multiple initiatives linked from his website:
Cantwell's website links to fundraising pages on both Hatreon and GoyFundMe, and also invites people to send him money using bitcoin. His page on Hatreon lists 43 contributors that have raised around $500 per month for him specifically, although the platform says it's undergoing maintenance and not receiving donations. And GoyFundMe hosts a page called the “1433 Justice Fund,” which has raised $29,628 from 453 people. The number “1433” is associated with “national capitalism” or “anarcho-capitalists with white nationalist leanings,” according to several posts online that also describe Cantwell as an eminent proponent of that particular philosophy. Those posts also note that “14” references a popular slogan among white supremacists, while “33” is a stand-in for “CC,” or Chris Cantwell.
Can you imagine donating $500 per month to an individual? That's what Cantwell claims has happened, but he's not entirely happy because he'd like to “turn it up to 11,” politically speaking. Cantwell is quite perturbed by what he fears is a collapsing far-right movement, and he can't be as active as he'd like under house arrest (as such, he is prohibited from carrying a gun in public) in Virginia. Since he's wearing an ankle bracelet, he's unable to go out and rally for his cause. “I can't even take out the damn garbage,” he complained.
There's no word yet on whether Cantwell is also feeling salty about being kicked off dating sites following his sudden burst of fame.
(Via Vice)
The deadline for filing taxes has been extended this year to today, April 18, but that doesn't eliminate the stress. To alleviate the pain from meeting this dreaded deadline, some companies are offering deals that everyone can enjoy.
Whether you are expecting a refund from Uncle Sam or not, Tax Day is now synonymous with deep discounts across the U.S. on products from food to flights.
Check out the list below for some fun Tax Day deals and treats.
Tax Day deals: Food and drinks
Bertucci's: Small pizzas will cost just $4.18 at lunch time, and for dinner the Italian restaurant chain offers cheese, margherita or pepperoni pizzas for just $10.40 each.
Bruegger's Bagels: The popular bagel chain is offering a deal it claims is "better than a refund." Customers can buy the big bagel bundle for $10.40 -- a discount of $3.50.
Capriotti's: The sandwich shop will offer its medium-size sandwiches for the same price as small ones on April, 18.
Firehouse Subs: Enjoy a free medium sub when you buy a medium or large sub, chips and a drink, valid April, 18 to April, 20.
This Tax Day, get a free medium sub when you purchase a medium or large sub, chips and drink. pic.twitter.com/hbCyaTBHwW — Firehouse Subs (@FirehouseSubs) April 14, 2017
Great American Cookies: Pick up a free birthday cake cookie on Tax Day -- no purchase necessary.
Hungry Howie's: The famed flavored-crust pizza joint is offering anyone who buys a large one-topping pizza at full price the deal of getting a medium single-topping pizza for only 18 cents. Use the promo code TAXDAY, which is valid for online and carryout purchases April, 17 to April, 19 at participating locations.
Kona Ice: The company is celebrating April 18 with its fourth annual "Chill Out" day by offer free shaved ice with the slogan, "No taxation without relaxation."
Schlotzsky's: Get a free small "The Original" sandwich on Tuesday with the purchase of chips and a medium drink.
World of Beer: Enjoy $5 off your check or a free select draught on Tax Day at participating venues, where legal.
Nonfood deals
Jet Blue: If you owe taxes to "the man" this year the airline is offering entry to its contest for a free return flight. By clicking "yes" on the company's online form, customers will be entered to win one of 1,000 flights. Entries are allowed once per day before April 25. For more rules and discounts, see tje website..
Planet Fitness: Relax with a free HydroMassage at participating gyms with coupon available online. Offer is good through April 22.
New York Yankees: Fans can snag tickets for $4.18 and $10.40 with offer code TAXDAY when you purchase seats online before April 19.
MOAB, Utah (AP) – University officials say they've named a dinosaur that they found hidden in Utah.
Brigham Young University professors have created a full picture of the sauropod from thousands of fossilized bones and published a paper Tuesday in the University of Michigan's Contributions from the Museum of Paleontology.
The creature has been named Moabosaurus because it was found near Moab. Like other sauropods, researchers say it was an herbivore with a long neck and tail and a small brain but it was much smaller, at 32 feet.
The paper says the Moabosaurus is 125 million years old and its skeleton was found in a quarry. Geologist Brooks Britt and his team have been excavating the bones since the late 1970s.
The skeleton is on display at BYU's Museum of Paleontology.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign has met with a Senate committee probing the same matter.
The leaders of the Senate intelligence committee say In a statement issued Wednesday that they "look forward to future engagements" with Robert Mueller.
North Carolina Republican Richard Burr and Virginia Democrat Mark Warner aren't providing any other details regarding the meeting.
It comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence.
Those questions were prompted after a friend of President Donald Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
But Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday he has seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
A Chicago-based massage therapist is accusing Stan Lee of sexual assault.
Maria Carballo filed a complaint against the Marvel comics creator and his assistant, Mac Anderson. The complaint contains five counts, including assault, battery, violation of the Illinois Gender Violence Act, emotional distress and civil conspiracy.
Carballo claims that she was hired on April 21-23 to complete two massages on Lee in his room at the Hyatt Regency in Chicago. While she was giving him the massage, she alleges that the 95-year-old began to fondle himself. After he began moaning and rubbing his quadriceps, Carballo left the session early.
The masseuse said he apologized and requested another massage. But according to the lawsuit, within an hour he began his shenanigans again and Carballo reverted to massaging him with her feet due to discomfort. Then he allegedly moved her feet to his genitals and she promptly exited.
The victim issued the following statement:
Lucasfilm
Recently, I watched Return of the Jedi for the first time in a while – like, really watched it as opposed to just having it on in the background, which happens far too often than I really want to admit.
Anyway, Return of the Jedi has always bugged me and I've never been able to fully grasp why. And not for the super-obvious reasons like, “Harrison Ford phoned in his underwritten role,” or, “Ewoks are annoying,” or, “They went back to the Death Star well.” But this time it finally hit me why. And I'm not going to pretend no one else has written about this, but I'm writing about it now for my own mental health. I want to get this of my chest and here it is:
Han, Luke, and Leia should have died at least three times in this movie. While the Rebel Alliance took a “shoot first” attitude, the Empire's whole strategy was yelling, “Freeze! We got you!,” over and over and over again, giving the heroes time to escape over and over again. My gosh, this drives me nuts.
But before we get to the examples, let's point out that this never happens in the first two films – which is another reason why they are both so great. In Star Wars, there's never a scene in which our heroes are surrounded and the Empire just lets everyone live for no good reason. Yes, Han, Luke, Leia and Chewbacca are certainly surrounded by troops in the Death Star, but were never “caught” before they fought their way out and then were allowed to escape for a greater purpose: to track the Millennium Falcon to the Rebels' secret hidden base.
In The Empire Strikes Back, Han, Leia, and Chewbacca are captured on Cloud City as they enter a banquet hall expecting dinner. Now, the reason this doesn't count either is because (as you know because you are reading this), Vader needs the heroes alive so that he can torture them in an effort to get Luke Skywalker to rescue them – then very bad things happen to them.
Okay, back to Return of the Jedi: Here are all the moments our heroes should have died, but didn't, because the story didn't call for them to die.
Lucasfilm
1.) First of all, the whole Jabba's palace sequence plays out like a Saturday Night Live sketch with character after character showing up, saying some words in front of Jabba, then promptly getting captured. This happens three times. Now, you'd think with the resources of the Rebel Alliance at their disposal, Leia and Luke and Lando could have just shown up with an army and said, “Hello, we are taking our friend Han back.” But, no, they went for “harebrained scheme” instead. (Now, if I remember correctly, the novelization addresses this by insinuating the Empire has a blockade set up around Tatooine in anticipation of a large-scale Rebel rescue attempt. So, fine.)
But, there is a moment when Han, Luke, Chewbacca, and Leia are all captured and could easily have just been killed right there on the spot but, instead, Jabba decided he wants to feed them all to the Sarlacc – which doesn't make a whole lot of sense, but does set up a pretty nifty fight scene. But, regardless, our heroes should be dead right here but they are not.
Democratic manager Rep. Martin Sabo of Minnesota, center, jokes with his team before the start of the 43rd annual Roll Call Congressional Baseball Game at Prince George's Stadium Thursday, July 8, 2004, in Bowie, Md. (AP Photo/Matthew S. Gunby)
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played on Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
It's an annual tradition in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities. It's also a somewhat rare example of bipartisanship in an increasingly polarized Washington.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will be played as scheduled, prompting a standing ovation.
Once a relatively cozy affair, played at a minor league ballpark in Maryland, the game has gone big time in recent years and has been played at Nationals Park, just a few blocks from the Capitol.
''We do it for really three reasons. We do it for fellowship amongst ourselves. We do it for charity,'' said Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, the longtime GOP manager. ''We raise a lot of money for three charities. And we do it because we like to play baseball and try to recapture a little bit of our youth. It's a positive thing. Of all the things Congress does, this is one of the most benign, positive activities.''
Members of Congress practice for months for the event, and typically don the jerseys of a team from back home. The Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call sponsors the game and awards a trophy once a side wins three of five games.
''It's a good way raise money for charity and for members to get to know each other,'' said Rep. Cedric Richmond, D-La., whose election in 2010 upended the competitive balance of the annual event. Richmond played baseball in college and kicked off his congressional career with a one-hitter in 2011 and has been the game's dominant player pretty much since then.
Last year, however, Democrats lost the game 8-7, ending a seven-game winning streak that mostly coincided with Richmond joining the Democratic side.
''I was fresh off of surgery, but they made more plays than we made last year,'' Richmond told reporters. ''This was a year we wanted to get even.''
Congressional leaders typically attend the event and former President Barack Obama - famous for shunning opportunities to rub shoulders with lawmakers - even went two years ago, watching from the Democratic dugout. Obama's appearance came as he was struggling to win Democratic votes for an unpopular trade-related measure.
---
Online: https://www.congressionalbaseball.org/
The mass shooting in Las Vegas on October 1 was the worst in modern history. Unfortunately, while of varying magnitude, mass shootings are somewhat regular in the United States.
Based on data collected by the Gun Violence Archive, there was another shooting in Lawrence, Kansas on the same day. As of writing this, three more mass shootings took place since Las Vegas.
The chart below shows the number of days we've gone this year without a mass shooting. As a nation, our longest streak ends at only five days.
This of course depends on your definition of mass shooting. There's no set definition for the term, but the Gun Violence Archive defines it as a incident where four or more people are shot or killed in the same location, not including the shooter.
As other sources, you might also look to the Stanford Mass Shootings of America data project and the Mother Jones dataset.
By Keith Coffman and Jann Tracey
DENVER (Reuters) - Taylor Swift won her trial against a Colorado radio personality on Monday after a jury found that the former DJ assaulted and battered the pop star by groping her bare bottom, and awarded her the symbolic $1 in damages she had sought.
Swift cried and hugged her mother as the verdicts were read in U.S. District Court in Denver and mouthed an emphatic "thank you" to members of the jury as they left the courtroom.
The six-woman, two-man jury, which deliberated for less than four hours following a sensational week-long trial, also rejected claims by radio personality David Mueller that members of Swift's management team - her mother and a radio station liaison - got him fired from his "dream job" as a DJ by making false accusations.
"I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this," the 27-year-old singer said in a statement released immediately following the verdicts.
"My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard," Swift said, adding that she would make donations to organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
Mueller, 55, showed no reaction as the verdicts were read.
The DJ had initiated the litigation after he was fired from his job after the groping claim was reported to the radio station. In his lawsuit he called the groping accusations false, and he sued Swift, her mother, Andrea, and radio station liaison Frank Bell over his termination.
During closing statements in the case, Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, argued that his client was a respected industry veteran who would never have risked his $150,000-per-year radio job by grabbing a major celebrity's rear end.
But Swift was firm on the witness stand, saying that there was no question in her mind that Mueller had intentionally slipped his hand under her skirt to clutch her bare bottom. Her attorney, Douglas Baldridge, said during his closing remarks that Swift was seeking only $1 in damages because she had no desire to bankrupt Mueller, but only wanted to send a message.
"It means 'no means no' and it tells every woman they will decide what will be tolerated with their body," Baldridge said of the principle Swift was trying to defend.
U.S. District Judge William Martinez on Friday dismissed Mueller's accusation against Swift, saying there was no evidence that she had acted improperly. The judge left standing the entertainer's assault and battery countersuit against Mueller.
He also left intact a single claim by Mueller accusing Swift's mother and Bell of interfering with his contract and effectively ending his career at radio station KYGO-FM. The jury rejected that claim.
Before the trial, Martinez had tossed out Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift, ruling that he had waited too long to file a lawsuit on those grounds.
(Reporting by Keith Coffman and Jann Tracey in Denver; Writing by Steve Gorman and Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Editing by Leslie Adler)
An eye-catching Los Angeles hot dog stand designed in the 1940s to look like a giant wiener on a bun has found a home a decade after closing.
The Tail o' the Pup, which fed working people and Hollywood stars for 60 years, will be moved Thursday for permanent display at Valley Relics Museum, home to many pop culture items. The unique structure, which appeared in TV shows and movies and was named a Los Angeles cultural landmark, has been in a storage yard since its walk-up window shut for the final time in 2005.
Nicole Miller, whose husband Jay's family has owned the Pup since the 1970s, said they'd hoped to find a new location to serve its famous all-beef franks once again, but couldn't secure permits.
The family is glad the museum "is willing to take it, restore it, and put it on display," she told the Los Angeles Daily News ( http://bit.ly/2saLuci ).
The chicken wire and stucco dog measured 18 feet from nose to tail with a line of mustard running across its service window.
Designed by architect Milton Black and opened in 1946, the Tail o' the Pup was built to catch the attention of passing motorists during an era when cars were king.
It's a rare surviving example of when giant doughnuts, chili bowls and coffee cups dotted Los Angeles curbs from the 1920s to after World War II, the newspaper said.
"The Tail o' the Pup was clearly among the best known of the 'programmatic' buildings — buildings that often looked like products sold inside," said Cindy Olnick of the Los Angeles Conservancy, a preservation group. "The whole building, besides the sign, was an advertisement."
———
Information from: (Los Angeles) Daily News, http://www.dailynews.com
IN an online article titled Inside the criminal mind, are we all susceptible of crimes of passion? Stanton Samenown writes; “The August 3, 2014 edition of The Washington Post contains in its arts section an article about “murderous muses” depicted by choreographers.
“Agnes de Mille in the ballet of Fall River Legend relates the story of Lizzy Borden, a quiet, unmarried daughter who in 1892 murdered her parents.
Sarah Kaufman, the author of the article, writes, “De Mille capitalised on what draws us to crimes of passion, the poignancy and surprise of them.
There but for the grace of not having a murderous weapon handy go the rest of us.”
“The idea in the Post article is that, given the proper circumstances and a weapon at hand, any of us is capable of committing a so-called “crime of passion.” From time to time, we learn about the unassuming, well-reputed individual who suddenly grabs a kitchen knife and slaughters his spouse.
Or the husband who discovers his adulterous spouse in bed with her paramour and shoots both.”
The author argues; “We may become frustrated and angry when we think we have been mistreated or betrayed. But we react to disappointment, frustration, and betrayal in a manner commensurate with our character.
Thousands of people experience serious problems in relationships that tax their patience, their pocketbooks, and their psychological resources.
But they do not react by annihilating the source of their difficulties.
Killing the person whom they perceive as the source of their problem is not in character. And so they address their predicaments in other ways!”
Crimes of passion have been experienced since time immemorial, and circumstances always appear similar, yet society still fails to address them. A crime of passion is technically defined as a “violent crime, especially murder, in which the perpetrator commits the act against someone because of sudden strong impulse such as sudden rage rather than as a premeditated crime.”
From the much publicised story of America's OJ Simpson, to a lot more on the local scene, we believe these tragic losses of life could be prevented if everyone had taken a minute to cool down.
Admittedly, some of the heinous murders are committed by total monsters but some are committed by “fine gentlemen and women” who have just lost their cool and suddenly found themselves next to dangerous weapons.
We believe it is the duty of society and psychologists to play an active role in fighting crimes of passion. We cannot afford to be losing precious lives in circumstances that could be avoided.
We were saddened by an incident in Bulawayo last week where a member of the Zimbabwe National Army gunned down his wife, two relatives and injured his son before attempting to commit suicide by shooting himself.
The incident came at the back of a judgment where a man who stabbed his wife to death — 27 times — was sentenced to death.
Another writer published online, Kaufman said; “Murderous rage can so easily, so unexpectedly, erupt from an ordinary heart.” What this means therefore is that anyone is capable of committing a “crime of passion” and it is the duty of society, family and psychologists to counsel troubled souls and also instil the culture of problem sharing and solving among our people. Violence or killing is never a solution.
Roger Federer, of Switzerland, wipes his brow during his final match against Alexander Zverev, of Germany, at the Rogers Cup tennis tournament in Montreal, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. (Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP)
MASON, Ohio (AP) — Wimbledon champion Roger Federer withdrew Monday from the Western & Southern Open, which he has won seven times, citing a back injury.
Tournament officials announced Federer's withdrawal on the first full day of matches at the event in Cincinnati.
The 19-time major champion said in a statement that he "tweaked" his back last week at the Rogers Cup in Montreal, where he lost Sunday to Alexander Zverev in the final.
The Swiss star, No. 3 in the ATP Tour rankings, becomes the fifth of the top six players to skip Cincinnati because of injuries. He joins top-ranked Andy Murray, No. 4 Stan Wawrinka, fifth-ranked Novak Djokovic and sixth-ranked Marin Cilic, the defending champion. Only second-seeded Rafael Nadal, the tournament's top-seeded player, remains in the draw.
"It's just coincidence," said Nadal, 31, pointing out that all of the missing players except Cilic are 30 or older. "We're not 20 years old any more. We're not playing all the weeks. It's part of our sport. I've been in their position lots of times. I've missed more events than the other players. It's part of the game. I wish them all a speedy recovery. We need them in the game. I hope they get back soon."
Federer's withdrawal means Nadal, who lost in the third round at Montreal, will return to No. 1 when new ATP rankings are released on Aug. 21. The Spaniard will be No. 1 for the first time since July 6, 2014.
Nadal has spent 141 weeks as the men's No. 1 player since first ascending to the top spot after reaching the Western & Southern semifinals in 2008.
"It's been tough to get back to No. 1," he said. "I'm happy to have the chance to be in that position."
In early first-round men's play Monday, Richard Gasquet and wild card Tommy Paul advanced in straight sets. Gasquet eased past qualifier John-Patrick Smith 6-4, 6-4, while Paul beat fellow American Donald Young 6-4, 7-6 (4). Ivo Karlovic needed three sets to knock out Jiri Vesely 6-3, 3-6, 7-5.
Also advancing in straight sets were Fabio Fognini with a 7-6 (5), 6-4 win over Daniil Medvedev, qualifier Mitchell Krueger with a 6-2, 6-1 win over Benoit Paire, and Feliciano Lopez with a 7-6 (5), 6-1 win over Hyeon Chung.
In women's action, 14th-seeded Petra Kvitova shook off a first-set loss to beat Anett Kontaveit 1-6, 7-6 (2), 6-3, while Beatriz Haddad Maia advanced with a 6-3, 6-2 win over Lauren Davis. Lesia Tsurenko also crafted a comeback win, defeating Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 5-7, 7-6 (6), 6-0.
Kristina Mladenovic became the first seeded player to be eliminated. The 13th seed lost to Daria Gavrilova 6-0, 7-6 (6).
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — A top adviser to Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, is proposing Iran resume its uranium enrichment in the wake of the U.S. withdrawal from the nuclear deal between world powers and Tehran.
Ali Akbar Velayati was quoted Wednesday by the semi-official Tasnim news agency as saying Iran is "capable to spin centrifuges for enrichment" to higher levels should it choose to do so.
Velayati says Iran should also accelerate production of nuclear propulsions and also research on advanced centrifuges. He claimed this wouldn't violate the nuclear deal which put limits on Iran's atomic program in exchange for lifting economic sanctions.
In the wake of President Donald Trump's decision to pull the United States out of the deal, several Iranian officials have indicated Tehran could resume its nuclear program.
More Related Stories
Women's Weekly | Parenting Fitness-Themed Vacation Spots With Kids Have fun while staying fit with the kids on your annual family getaway with these sports and fitness-focused vacation ideas.
Transcript for 'Sex and the City' actress Cynthia Nixon to challenge N.Y. Gov. Andrew Cuomo in prima
Actress and activist Cynthia Nixon officially. Throwing her hat in the ring announcing a bid to run for governor of New York. It can't just be business as usual anymore. If we're gonna get at the root problem that inequity we have to turn in the system upside down. Dixon behind for a long time all aspects in the city is running as a Democrat and will challenge Governor Cuomo is in a video released today. She said she intends to draw sharp contrast between herself and Governor Cuomo. Nixon is a liberal lot lifelong new Yorker and staunch supporter and mayor bill the Bosnia will. Often clashes with Governor Cuomo a Siena poll shows among registered voter statewide Cuomo would beat Nixon 66 to 19%.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
FILE - In this Sept. 2, 2017, file photo, a crew with California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (Cal Fire) battles a brushfire on the hillside in Burbank, Calif. If you think this has been a wild and costly year for weather disasters, federal meteorologists say you are right, it's been record setting. So far this year the United States has had 15 weather disasters that caused at least $1 billion in damages. (AP Photo/Ringo H.W. Chiu, file)
Have your say
A must-have toy this Christmas is flying off the shelves faster than they can make it, after thousands of children asked Santa - for UNICORN POO.
The sparkly slime-like substance is one of the most popular toys this festive season, as the popularity of slime-related videos on YouTube has soared.
Britain's main manufacturer of unicorn poo, H Grossman Ltd, say they are struggling to keep up with demand for the glittery slime.
Company director Martin Grossman said: "Unicorn poo is rare stuff, a bit like hens teeth.
"It's been amazing that we have sold nearly half a million pots of the stuff.
"Of course, we know where all the wild, free-range unicorns live, and in January I will be bringing even more pots of Unicorn Poo complete with little unicorns inside."
So far the company have sold almost a tonne of the 99p pots of sparkly poop.
SOLOLA, Guatemala (AP) — The law works as it has for centuries in the Guatemalan indigenous community of Solola: Townsfolk bring grievances and local authorities make rulings, usually with a speed unheard of in a country where justice is often delayed, if it comes at all.
At one recent weekly court session, Maria Micaela Panjoc, baby in arms, came with a request for paternity payments. Others sought help with land disputes. Andres Xelp wanted the judges to force his son to move back home.
The generally non-partisan leaders of local Mayan communities hear the cases, trying to find quick resolutions when they can and sometimes passing cases over to formal prosecutors when they cannot — as in the case of a young woman speaking the Kaqchikel language who said she'd been raped.
The Solola court alone handled 3,000 cases last year.
For generations, outsiders have looked down on indigenous law courts, as they have on the native cultures themselves. Some 40 percent of Guatemala's 17 million people identify themselves as indigenous and they are pushing for wider respect for the traditional ways in which their cultures deal with their differences, though opposition remains strong within the country's non-indigenous communities.
Guatemala's Constitutional Court already has accepted some rulings by indigenous courts and there's a move to formally amend the country's constitution to recognize them. An earlier measure to do that came two votes short in congress, with opposition coming from conservatives and from business interests that said they feared legal confusion if different systems co-exist.
Members of congress on Wednesday are scheduled to discuss the proposed constitutional amendment to recognize indigenous justice as part of the country's judicial system. At least 105 of 158 legislators must approve the proposal for it to pass.
The idea has gained support from national Attorney General Thelma Aldana, as well as Ivan Velaszuqez, who heads the U.N. Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala that has been assisting in corruption investigations in the country.
"Guatemala has to be a place where all its inhabitants belong," said Velazquez, who visited Solola to view the court process.
The formal legal system has often exploited or ignored indigenous Guatemalans, who were legally required to perform forced labor well into the 20th century and who generally found it nearly impossible to pay for lawyers. Even now, only 10 percent of the country's townships have prosecutors' offices.
In Solola, Mayor Tomas Saloj presided over hearings in a town hall decorated with the 20 figures representing the Mayan calendar — 20 days per month, 18 months per year. On the table that served as the judge's bench were a candle and a glass of water, an invitation for the wisdom of dead ancestors to enter.
Punishments can include restitution, community labor, banishment or whippings: Two braided leather whips hang in the Solola town hall as a reminder.
Agustin Bocel, a town spokesman, recalled a case of attempted rape in which the attacker was sentenced to nine lashes of a whip — at the insistence of his own mother, one for each month she carried him, to remind him of the shame he caused her. Bocel said the man has never caused problems again.
Tomas Guarcas, the mayor of nearby Pixabaj, defended the practice.
"Whipping is a punishment that is like educating children, without violating human rights," he said, adding that the punishment is usually applied by "by one of the offender's relatives, the mother, father or in-laws."
Indigenous Congressman Amilcar Pop said the use of floggings is increasingly discouraged, however.
"This type of mechanism is something that has to be controlled and avoided," Pop said.
Aldana, the attorney general, said she sees no contradiction between the indigenous system and the formal courts. The indigenous courts, she said, "have helped maintain the peace" and helped "reduce pressure on the regular justice system and its budget."
Victoria Chuj is one of just three women among the 71 mayors in the province of Solola, of which the town of Solola is part. She carries her wooden staff — the badge of her authority, decorated with four tokens representing the four directions — with pride.
"The staff has to be good and straight so that, like justice, it cannot be bent," Chuj said.
Key officials from across the region have attended a seminar deliberating the "Future of the Mediterranean Games" hosted by the Cyprus Olympic Committee in Nicosia.
The two-day event, organised by the International Committee of the Mediterranean Games (ICMG), took place at the Olympic House in the Cypriot capital.
It sought to discuss various proposals to shape the future of the event.
The event began with opening speeches by Cyprus Olympic Committee President Dinos Michaelides, ICMG Cooperation and Development Commission chair Tullio Puratore and vice-president of the Cyprus Sports Organisation, Demetris Leontis.
Participants attended the event from 18 different National Olympic Committees ©Cyprus Olympic Committee
ICMG President Amar Addadi spoke in details challenges facing the region before Hellenic Olympic Committee President Spyros Capralos addressed the "NOC's experience and their points of view".
Paratore also discussed the legacy of the Mediterranean Games.
Education, fair play and incentives to attract the participation of athletes were other subjects tackled.
Representatives were present from 18 NOCs from Albania, Algeria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Cyprus, France, Greece, Italy, Kosovo, Lebanon, Macedonia, Malta, Portugal, San Marino, Serbia, Tunisia and Turkey.
Other countries that participate at the regional event not present at the meeting are Egypt, Libya, Morocco Syria Andorra, Monaco, Montenegro, and Spain.
Tarragona in Spain is due to host the next edition next year from June 22 until July 1.
BIRMINGHAM, England (AP) — India won the toss and chose to bowl first against Bangladesh in the Champions Trophy semifinal match at Edgbaston on Thursday.
Both teams selected unchanged teams.
The winner will play Pakistan in the final at The Oval on Sunday.
India is the defending champion, while Bangladesh is playing in its first semifinal at an ICC competition.
___
Lineups:
India: Rohit Sharma, Shikhar Dhawan, Virat Kohli (captain), Yuvraj Singh, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Hardik Pandya, Kedar Jadhav, Ravindra Jadeja, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ravichandran Ashwin, Jasprit Bumrah.
Bangladesh: Tamim Iqbal, Soumya Sarkar, Mushfiqur Rahim, Shakib Al Hasan, Sabbir Rahman, Mahmudullah, Mosaddek Hossain, Mashrafe Mortaza (captain), Rubel Hossain, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman.
You hear it whenever someone gets sick or dies soon after losing a spouse: Was it because of a broken heart? Stress might not be to blame for former President George H.W. Bush's hospitalization a day after his wife's funeral, but it does the body no favors, and one partner's health clearly affects the other's.
A sudden shock can trigger a heart attack or something like it called broken heart syndrome . Some studies also have found that people are more likely to die soon after losing a longtime spouse.
But often the timing is mere coincidence, and "broken heart" speculation just fuels a neat narrative when the problem is unsurprising in an older person with underlying health issues.
In any case, the death of a loved one is a dangerous time for the surviving spouse, said Dr. Nieca Goldberg, a cardiologist at NYU Langone Medical Center and an American Heart Association spokeswoman.
"It's really important to have a lot of other support around you," she said. "When people are depressed after something like this happens, they may not be eating, they may ignore symptoms and want to be stoic. They're certainly stressing and may not be getting enough rest. All of these things can set the stage for life-threatening conditions."
ABOUT BUSH
Bush, who will turn 94 in June, has been hospitalized since Sunday with sepsis, an infection that spread to his bloodstream, probably from bacteria. It's a serious condition at any age, but he is said to be responding to treatments and recovering.
Stress weakens the immune system and can make infections harder to fend off, said several doctors not involved in his care. But Bush needs a wheelchair because of a form of Parkinson's disease and has been hospitalized before for pneumonia and other infections.
It's possible he ignored early signs of infection during the flurry of preparations for Barbara Bush's funeral, said James Giordano, a Georgetown University neurologist and expert on stress's effects on the body.
"It could be something as simple as that; inattention led to an escalation of signs and symptoms," he said. "He's old, there's no good way to put it," so medical problems and risks are magnified by stress.
Stress has three stages, Giordano said: alarm, when the body releases "fight or flight" chemicals that can do damage; a resistance stage, like "calling out all the troops" to deal with the stress; and then fatigue or a letdown stage, when some of the body's defenses may crash from the strain.
Even if a partner's death is anticipated — as Barbara Bush's was after she decided to focus on comfort care — "facing and going through the reality of the event" is stressful, he said.
JUMPING TO CONCLUSIONS
Stress and a broken heart sometimes may get too much blame, though, when people are grieving.
Country music star Johnny Cash died four months after his wife, June Carter Cash, did in 2003. She was 73 and died of complications following heart valve surgery. He was 71 when he died of problems related to diabetes and had a neurological disease for years before that.
"Broken heart" was widely speculated when Debbie Reynolds died a day after her actress-daughter, Carrie Fisher, did in 2016. An autopsy later showed that Reynolds, 84, died of a blood vessel that ruptured and caused bleeding in her brain — a kind of stroke. She also had high blood pressure and other serious medical problems for several years before that.
———
Marilynn Marchione can be followed on Twitter: @MMarchioneAP
———
This Associated Press series was produced in partnership with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
An Orange County man has filed a lawsuit against Palo Alto-based luxury carmaker Tesla Motors, claiming his SUV unexpectedly accelerated while he was parking it in his garage in Irvine, causing the vehicle to crash into his home.
Ji Chang Son bought his Tesla at the carmaker's Costa Mesa gallery in August last year. The following month, while pulling into his garage, the SUV unexpectedly accelerated crashing through a wall, launching the SUV into his living room, the lawsuit alleges. Both Son and his son were injured, the suit says.
In the suit filed Friday in U.S. District Court in Santa Ana, attorneys for Son claim 10 Tesla drivers have had their SUVs unintentionally accelerate while parking or driving their Model X slowly. Since only 16,000 Model Xs have been sold since the car debuted, the number of those that unintentionally accelerate is “staggeringly high” when compared with other cars on the road, the lawsuit claims.
Tesla emailed a statement to the news agency Reuters saying the company was not responsible for the crash.
“The evidence, including data from the car, conclusively shows that the crash was the result of Mr. Son pressing the accelerator pedal all the way to 100 percent,” Tesla said in the statement.
carmaker Toyota faced similar allegations in 2010 when SUV and pickup owners filed a class action lawsuit against the company, claiming their vehicles suddenly accelerated. In 2013, the Japanese automaker paid $1.6 billion to settle the lawsuit. In 2014 the U.S. Department of Justice levied a $1.2 billion criminal penalty against the company.
Tesla advertises its Model X as being equipped with self-driving hardware which is “substantially safer” than human drivers, but Son and his attorneys claim the Model X has programmatic flaws.
“Tesla has been aware that (sudden unintended acceleration) events are occurring at a markedly high rate in the Model X, but has not, as of yet, explained the root cause,” the lawsuit reads. “This made it critically important for Tesla to design and implement an adequate fail-safe system to prevent or mitigate the consequences of SUA. Therefore, the Model X is defective. ...”
The lawsuit was filed days after a clip went viral of a Tesla autopilot system predicting a collision. The autopilot feature in the car anticipated a crash and applied the breaks just before an SUV ahead of the Tesla was rear ended and flipped several times.
Contact the writer: lawilliams@scng.com
A group of IDF officers, led by Deputy Chief of Staff Maj. Gen. Yair Golan, visited the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS George H. W. Bush (CVN 77) in the Mediterranean on Tuesday, February 14, for a day of familiarization and discussions with American naval personnel. US Embassy Chargé d'affaires Leslie Tsou also took part in the visit. While on board the vessel, the visitors received a briefing on the ship's various combat capabilities and observed flight and maritime operations from the deck of the carrier. The tour and demonstration included an up-close view of aircraft catapult launches, arrested landings, and a tour of the ships vast aircraft hangars, flight squadrons, operation center, bridge, and flight control tower.
The purpose of the visit was to demonstrate the capabilities and firepower of USS George H. W. Bush and Carrier Strike Group 2, and to support cooperation between the U.S. and Israeli navies, as well as ensuring interoperability between the U.S. and its Israeli partners.
Such visits are a means of sustaining the U.S.'s long-standing alliance with Israel. The group were guests of the ship's commanding officer, Capt. Will Pennington, and the commander of the Carrier Strike Group, Rear Adm. Kenneth R. Whitesell.
Immediately after a jury determined that Taylor Swift had been groped by a radio station host before a concert in Denver, the singer-songwriter turned to one of her closest allies — her mother — and later said she hoped the verdict would inspire other victims of sexual assault.
Swift hugged her crying mother after the six-woman, two-man jury said in U.S. District Court on Monday that former Denver DJ David Mueller had groped the pop star during a photo op four years ago. Per Swift's request, jurors awarded her $1 in damages — a sum her attorney, Douglas Baldridge, called "a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
Swift released a statement thanking her attorneys "for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault."
"My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard," she said, promising to make unspecified donations to groups that help victims of sexual assault.
Nancy Leong, a law professor at the University of Denver, said the verdict is important because "we are getting to the point in society that women are believed in court. For many decades and centuries, that was not the case."
Leong, who also teaches in the university's gender studies program, said the verdict will inspire more victims of sexual assault to come forward.
"The fact that she was believed will allow women to understand that they will not automatically be disbelieved, and I think that's a good thing," Leong said.
Swift and her mother initially tried to keep the accusation quiet by reporting the incident to Mueller's bosses and not the police.
But it inevitably became public when Mueller sued Swift for up to $3 million, claiming the allegation cost him his $150,000-a-year job at country station KYGO-FM, where he was a morning host.
"I've been trying to clear my name for four years," he said after the verdict in explaining why he took Swift to court. "Civil court is the only option I had. This is the only way that I could be heard."
Swift countersued for assault and battery, and during an hour of testimony blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
"He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him," Swift testified.
"It was a definite grab. A very long grab," she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the only evidence besides the testimony.
In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, "Thank you for coming," and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, testified that she asked radio liaison Frank Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
"We absolutely wanted to keep it private. But we didn't want him to get away with it," Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that "appropriate action be taken."
Jurors rejected Mueller's claims that Andrea Swift and Bell cost him his job.
On Friday, U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed similar claims against Taylor Swift, ruling Mueller's team failed to offer evidence that the then-23-year-old superstar did anything more than report the incident to her team, including her mother.
———
Associated Press writer Thomas Peipert contributed to this report.
Laurie Cardoza-Moore, president of the Tennessee-based Proclaiming Justice to the Nations led a protest outside Roger Waters's concert on Sunday night in Nashville. Dozens of Jews, Christians and other people of conscience stood outside the arena holding placards in support of Israel and against Waters's anti-Semitism. They were thanked by many concert-goers who had no idea that Waters had become the global ambassador of the Boycott, Divest and Sanctions movement against the modern Jewish state.
Cardoza-Moore said, "We sent a clear message to Roger Waters, that his anti-Semitism will not go unchallenged."
Five years after a mass shooting at a Connecticut elementary school horrified the nation, some family members of victims reflected on how their lives have changed since the tragedy, as they work together to prevent future acts of gun violence.
Interested in Sandy Hook? Add Sandy Hook as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Sandy Hook news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
"We simply don't want other parents to be in our position. We know that these acts of violence are preventable," Nicole Hockley, whose son, Dylan, was killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown five years ago, told ABC News' Amy Robach. "We feel responsible to teach people how to prevent them from happening."
Hockley recalled how her Dylan, who had autism, loved to pretend to he was a butterfly.
The Hockley Family/AP Photo
"He would flap his arms up and down whenever he got excited, which was pretty much all the time, and I asked him once, 'Why do you flap?' and he said, 'because I'm a beautiful butterfly,'" she said.
"At his funeral I talked about how the theory of a butterfly flapping its wings on one side of the world can cause a hurricane on the other side," Hockley said. "I thought about Dylan as our butterfly to help create change in our country, positive, transformative change."
Jason DeCrow/AP, FILE
Hockley co-founded the Sandy Hook Promise, a nonprofit organization that uses educational programs to help prevent acts of gun violence before they occur.
Father vows to 'invest every fiber of my being' to 'prevent that from happening again'
Jessica Hill/AP
The community of Newtown was thrust into the national spotlight five years ago this week when it was rocked by tragedy after a gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School. Twenty students -- between the ages of 6 and 7 -- and six educators were killed.
The shooting drew many immediate calls for reform or action to prevent a similar tragedy from ever happening again. Just this October, however, the U.S. suffered the deadliest mass shooting in history when a gunman killed 59 people at a country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Mark Barden, who also co-founded Sandy Hook Promise after his son, Daniel, was killed at the elementary school, told ABC News that he "made a very deliberate decision to invest every fiber of my being into trying to prevent that from happening again."
Barden recalled his son as "an exceptionally sweet, compassionate little soul."
Jessica Hill/AP
"My one little Daniel has in his life affected so many people in a positive way, but in his murder I can't even tell you," Barden said.
"We're training people, students, parents, teachers, how to recognize the warning signs that people give off before they hurt themselves before they hurt someone else," Barden said.
'I hope she would be very proud,' husband says of his wife
Bill Sherlach/AP Photo
Bill Sherlach told ABC News that the work he is doing now to prevent mass shootings is in honor of his wife, Mary Sherlach, who worked as a psychologist at Sandy Hook Elementary school where she was murdered.
"I hope she would be very proud," Bill Sherlach said. "We're making a lot of lemonade ... we've been given a whole lot of lemons, and we're just making a whole lot of lemonade, and doing everything we can, to hopefully make her proud of us."
Robert F. Bukaty/AP Photo
Sherlach added that they have been told that their work has prevented school shootings.
"We've already done it," he said. "There's been a number of school shootings that we know we've thwarted.
'For Dylan, I will always keep going,' mother says of son
Pat Eaton-Robb/AP
Sandy Hook Promise released a new video today, approximately five years after the tragedy. The public service announcement calls on viewers to learn the warning signs exhibited by those who may act violently towards themselves or others, and to take action to prevent acts of violence before they occur.
The PSA, called "Tomorrow's News," depicts mock news coverage of a school shooting from the day before it occurred, to illustrate how it possibly could have been prevented.
"It's easy to know the right thing to do after it's too late to do anything," Greg Hahn, the chief creative officer at BBDO New York, the advertising firm that helped create the video, said in a statement.
"In this PSA, we illustrate that when it comes to gun violence prevention, the stakes are too high to let that continue to be the case," Hahn added.
Hockley told ABC News that "it is not a comfortable piece to watch."
"But you know what? Gun violence isn't comfortable," she added.
Hockley said that the tireless work she is doing with Sandy Hook Promise is all in honor of Dylan, and to ensure that no other parent has to lose their child in the same way she did.
"For Dylan, I will always keep going," Hockley said. "And to ensure that more moms and dads out there can continue to hug their kids every single night for the rest of their lives, I will keep going."
CLEVELAND (AP) — Cavaliers forward Kevin Love will return Monday after missing six weeks because of a broken left hand.
Cleveland was 11-9 without Love, who was injured on Jan. 30. He's averaging 17.9 points and 9.4 rebounds in 48 games.
Associate head coach Larry Drew said Love's minutes will be restricted in Cleveland's game against Milwaukee. Drew is running the team while coach Tyronn Lue takes a leave of absence to address health issues that have included chest pains and a loss of sleep.
The Cavaliers are third in the Eastern Conference despite dealing with several injuries. Larry Nance Jr. (sore right hamstring), Rodney Hood (strained lower back), Cedi Osman (strained left hip flexor) and Tristan Thompson (sprained right ankle) were ruled out of Monday's game.
Kyle Korver has returned to the team after missing Saturday's game because of a family emergency. He's also been dealing with a sore right foot and was a game-time decision Monday.
Rhee, the CEO of of Ashley Stewart, sat down with Amna Nawaz to explain why he — a Korean-American son of immigrants, working in finance — took the helm of a retail company aimed at plus-size African-American women and decided to save it.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – American Girl just announced two dolls to represent the city of Nashville as well as its first-ever boy doll.
The dolls—named Tenney Grant and Logan Everett—will be revealed Thursday.
The company says Tenney is a rising star on the music scene and breakout songwriter, “finding the heart to be herself.” She has long, blonde hair and brown eyes, as well as an exclusive outfit and book that chronicles her story.
Logan is the first-ever boy character and also Tenney's drummer. He has short brown hair, gray eyes, and an original outfit as well as his own drum set.
The Tenney collection is available on this Thursday through American Girl's catalog, at AmericanGirl.com and all retail locations nationwide.
New York (AP) — Cocoa futures trading on the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) Monday: (10 metric tons; $ per ton)
Open High Low Settle Change May 2472 Down 75 May 2535 2568 2439 2445 Down 77 Jul 2555 2591 2465 2472 Down 75 Sep 2569 2602 2480 2487 Down 72 Dec 2565 2592 2481 2487 Down 70 Mar 2553 2575 2470 2476 Down 66 May 2558 2558 2478 2482 Down 63 Jul 2556 2556 2489 2491 Down 61 Sep 2568 2568 2496 2499 Down 60 Dec 2594 2594 2506 2509 Down 62
Since LeBron James agreed to suit up for the Los Angeles Lakers next season, Kawhi Leonard's desire to join the Purple and Gold reportedly hasn't abated. But with the San Antonio Spurs seeking a massive haul for the two-time NBA Defensive Player of the Year, Magic Johnson and Rob Pelinka could delay making a run at Leonard until free agency next summer.
According to ESPN's Adrian Wojnarowski, the Lakers are “kind of showing their hand” by remaining patient rather than sending assets to San Antonio for Leonard in a trade.
The Spurs are apparently requesting a king's ransom for the former NBA Finals MVP. Though San Antonio is reportedly uninterested in point guard Lonzo Ball, the team seems to have eyes for Brandon Ingram, Kyle Kuzma, Josh Hart, two first round picks and two draft pick swaps.
On Monday, Stephen A. Smith of ESPN reported that L.A. has informed San Antonio that Kuzma is unavailable.
“They've [Lakers] been willing to offer what they consider to be a fair package but they've made it very clear to San Antonio that Kyle Kuzma is off limits…they're not letting go of Kuzma.” – @stephenasmith on the Lakers not wanting to trade Kuzma — ESPNLosAngeles (@ESPNLosAngeles) July 2, 2018
Wojnarowski also pointed out that L.A. haven't made an “overwhelming offer” that would intrigue San Antonio to move Leonard.
With DeMarcus Cousins signing with the Golden State Warriors, Chris Paul re-signing with the Houston Rockets, Paul George re-upping with the Oklahoma City Thunder, a trade for Leonard is the Lakers' best hope of adding another star player this summer.
Although a tandem of James and Leonard would unquestionably make L.A. a serious championship contender this season, losing their young stars All-Star potential could hurt them in the long run.
When Leonard's trade demand went public, it became known that the Lakers were his preferred trade destination. But it's a risk if a team like the Boston Celtics or Philadelphia 76ers acquires Leonard (via trade) this summer, then impresses him enough during the regular season enough to stay long term.
That's exactly what happened with Paul George.
Before the Thunder acquired George from the Indiana Pacers last summer, the Lakers were first on the All-Star's list of teams. But the L.A. decided to wait until free agency to pursue George, giving OKC a full season to convince George to remain next to All-Star Russell Westbrook.
PG to LA fans: "I wanted to come here a year ago … Unfortunately wasn't traded to the Lakers. Lakers didn't grab me,” per @espn pic.twitter.com/QTUBtbByus — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) July 4, 2018
As a result, George agreed to a four-year, $137 million max contract with the Thunder, without giving L.A. a chance to pitch him.
But Leonard and George are two different people, and rolling the dice for Kawhi's free agency might be worth it for the Lakers if they can keep their young core together as a result.
Mike Tirico will take over as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame football games on NBC this season, joining analyst Doug Flutie.
Tirico replaces Dan Hicks, who did Fighting Irish games for the past four seasons. Hicks will still be part of NBC Sports' golf coverage and next year's Winter Olympics. Last season, Tirico filled in for Hicks on three Notre Dame games. Tirico will also call NBC's Thursday night NFL games this season.
Flutie, the 1984 Heisman Trophy winner for Boston College, is entering his third season doing Irish games. Kathryn Tappen will be the sideline reporter for a fourth season.
NBC also announced Monday that former Texas quarterback Chris Simms, the son of former quarterback and NFL analyst Phil Simms, is joining the Notre Dame broadcasts as a studio analyst.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
Rep. Ryan Costello, shortstop on the Republican congressional baseball team, was two minutes late this morning, and so he missed his ride to a practice that turned into a shoot-out as a gunman wounded five people before he was shot and later died.
The congressman from Pennsylvania, his eyes welling with tears, said what he cared about most was the well-being of the people who were hurt. And then, answering a reporter's question about what healing message Americans might take from this, he said simply:
“We're all good people” in Congress – Democrats and Republicans trying to help the country in their own way. In today's political climate, though, elected officials aren't given the benefit of the doubt, he said. “It's almost as if we're not living, human beings. It's like we're bad creatures.”
That plea for a recognition of everyone's humanity was a sentiment that echoed throughout the Capitol building and down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House on Wednesday. It was voiced by members of both parties as a way to talk constructively with each other rather than spiral down into violence. Although the motives of gunman James T. Hodgkinson III, from Belleville, Ill., are unknown, he was a virulent anti-Trumper.
Party labels were shattered as lawmakers united around their common humanity and American-ness, and celebrated individual qualities – such as the heroism of two Capitol Police who helped bring down the shooter and were themselves injured. They denounced violence and appealed to each other and the public for more listening and less yelling.
“It's a wake-up call to Americans, to all of us – those of us in leadership, those of us in our communities. We can have sincerely held different beliefs. Let's have conversations about those,” said Rep. Martha McSally (R) of Arizona, who has received death threats for her views. She holds the seat of former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, a Democrat who was severely wounded by a gunman in 2011.
Members of Congress were unnerved, emotional, and even trembling as they talked with reporters on Wednesday, and some still wore their baseball jerseys and cleats. House votes were cancelled. And yet they responded as one, with both Republicans and Democrats holding hands in prayer in a private meeting of House members on Capitol Hill. The announcement that the congressional charity baseball game would go on as planned Thursday brought a standing ovation.
“An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” said Speaker Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin, after he gaveled the full House into session, concluding that “it is humanity that will win the day.” His Democratic counterpart, minority leader Nancy Pelosi of California, similarly described the attack as “an injury in the family” that she prayed would “take us closer to e pluribus unum.”
REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT?
Before gunman Mr. Hodgkinson opened fire on a team of Republicans practicing for Thursday's scheduled congressional baseball game in Alexandria, Va., a man who fit his description asked two congressmen leaving the scene about the label of the players – Republican or Democrat? The answer – Republican – was apparently his cue.
Witnesses said the gunfire lasted about 10 minutes. Rep. Steve Scalise (R) of Louisiana, the House majority whip and third-ranking Republican, was wounded, along with a congressional staffer, a former congressional staffer, and two members of the Capitol Police were wounded. Scalise is reported to be in critical condition.
Mr. Hodgkinson, shot by two members of Capitol Police serving as Rep. Scalise's security detail, was transported to the hospital but died of his injuries. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) of Vermont posted a statement saying that Hodgkinson, a one-time home inspector, had apparently served as a volunteer on his presidential campaign.
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” Senator Sanders said. “Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values.”
From the White House, President Trump decried the shooting and called for all Americans to come together and pray for the victims.
“We may have our differences but we do well in times like these … everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because above all they love their country,” said Trump.
A "Celebration of Life" was held on Wednesday to remember the three women -- Dr. Jennifer Gray Golick, Christine Loeber and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales Shushereba -- who died at a veterans center in Yountville. At the memorial, CA Department of Veterans Affairs Secretary Dr. Vito Imbasciani saluted the victims for how they lived and how they served."So while we grieve with your family, in mourning this terrible loss, we also salute these brave women for how they lived and how they served," he said. "We pray that their sacrifice will advance their purpose. In the words of a great French statesman, 'It is not tolerable, it is not possible that from so much death, so much sacrifice and ruin, so much heroism, a greater and better humanity shall not emerge.'"INCLUDE RELEVANT SOT HERE IF YOU CAN
Getty Image
Every championship team has its hurdles to overcome, and the TDE Championship Tour is no different. Last week, Top Dawg Entertainment founder Anthony “Top Dawg” Tiffith reported that SZA would be taking some time away from the tour for medical reasons, saying, “Her vocal chords [sic] are swollen and she has to rest her voice to prevent any permanent damage.” Now it turns out that permanent damage may have already been done.
In a series of tweets last night, SZA wrote that her voice is in fact permanently affected: “My voice is permanently injured . Great !!!!!!!!!!!!! YAYYYYYUUYH!!!!!!!!'n Tonight was the test . That settles that. I jus wanna be left alone my priorities are f-cked up . They have been f-cked up . I need space goodbye .” The tweets have since been deleted, but were archived by Vulture.
At the time of Top Dawg's statement, SZA also wrote, “I've been touring for 11 months. This didn't happen overnight. I've been troubleshooting for a while now and usually steroids and pushing through help. They don't have this time. I'm not sick, my voice just won't f-cking work. If I don't pause now, I'll be forced to pause permanently.”
Hopefully this isn't career-altering news, but it's also worth nothing that SZA has made big proclamations before that didn't end up coming to pass. In 2016, she tweeted (and later deleted) that she was done with music, writing, “I actually quit.” Earlier this year, she also said she's working on her “last album,” of course implying that there would be no more after her Ctrl follow-up.
GENEVA (AP) — The U.N. human rights office says 206 companies — mostly Israeli and American — are facing a review of their business practices involving Israeli settlements that are considered illegal under international law.
In a long-awaited report, the rights office said more resources are needed to handle the complex and unprecedented task of compiling what some critics call an unfair "blacklist" and a sign of alleged anti-Israel bias at the U.N.
Proponents insist companies must be held accountable for their activities in the settlements, arguing that such activities can contribute to injustices against Palestinians.
The 16-page report released Wednesday does not cite any companies by name. It says the rights office has contacted 64 companies, but that it would not release any names until all 206 companies had been contacted.
BOISE, Idaho (AP) — Rosalie Sorrels, a Grammy-nominated folk singer and native of Idaho who recorded more than 20 albums and performed at top folk festivals around the country, has died. She was 83.
She died on Sunday in Reno, Nevada, at the home of her daughter, Holly Marizu.
Marizu told The Associated Press on Wednesday that her mother had been diagnosed with colon cancer in 2016 and also suffered from dementia, but a cause of death hadn't been determined.
Sorrels started traveling to performances with her five children after her marriage broke up in 1996. She received Grammy nominations for two of her albums.
In the 1980s she moved to a cabin near Idaho City about 60 miles (96 kilometers) northeast of Boise.
Memorial services are being planned, one of them in Boise later this month.
Comments
comments
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — The Islamic State group is claiming its fighters have captured Osama bin Laden's infamous Tora Bora mountain hideout in eastern Afghanistan.
IS released an audio recording saying its signature black flag is flying over the hulking mountain range. The message was broadcast on the militants' Radio Khilafat station in the Pashto language late on Wednesday.
It also says IS has taken over several districts and urged villagers who fled the fighting to return to their homes and stay indoors.
The Tora Bora mountains hide a warren of caves in which al-Qaeda militants led by bin Laden hid from U.S. coalition forces in 2001, after the Taliban fled Kabul.
Afghan officials earlier said fighting between IS and the Taliban, who controlled Tora Bora, began on Tuesday but couldn't confirm its capture.
Transcript for Puerto Rico's Maria death toll climbs to 64, as FEMA assistance tops $1 billion
A couple of stark you update about the situation in Puerto Rico some two months following hurricane Maria. The official death total has now risen to 64 although other reports indicate it may be more than a thousand. The federal assistance price tag has now topped one billion dollars. And the island's power grid remains a mess it's still unclear just how many people remain in the dark but officials say that about 65%. Of power generation. Has been restored.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — Fox and the NFL have agreed to a five-year deal for Thursday night football games.
Those games previously were televised by CBS and NBC, two of the league's other network partners. But Fox announced Wednesday that it will televise 11 games between Weeks 4 and 15, with simulcasts on NFL Network and Fox Deportes.
Fox, which has the Sunday afternoon NFC package, will produce all of the games.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
OWINGS MILLS, Md. - Baltimore Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti acknowledged that he thought about firing coach John Harbaugh after the team failed to make the playoffs for a third straight season.
"It was certainly a consideration, but not one that I was inclined to make this year," Bisciotti said at Friday's annual "State of the Ravens" news conference.
This marked the first time Bisciotti has publicly revealed that he considered parting ways with Harbaugh, who finished his 10th season as the Baltimore head coach.
Hired in 2008 to replace Brian Billick, Harbaugh guided the Ravens to the playoffs in each of his first five seasons, including a Super Bowl title in 2012. Since that championship, Harbaugh is 40-40 with one postseason appearance in five years.
Bisciotti refused to give Harbaugh a playoff-or-bust edict heading into next season.
"He's under as much pressure than probably he's ever been in his life, and I expect him to keep his chin up and take his positivity and his talents and make the most of the season," Bisciotti said. "I may as well replace him now if I tell him to make the playoffs or you're out of town next year. That's not the way we run business here."
Bisciotti gave Harbaugh a one-year extension before the season. Harbaugh, the longest-tenured coach in Ravens history, is signed through the 2019 season.
Baltimore finished 9-7 this season and was knocked out of the playoff race in the season finale, when it allowed a winning touchdown to the Cincinnati Bengals on fourth-and-12.
"Certainly, it was a thought," Bisciotti said when asked whether he had wrestled with the decision to bring back Harbaugh after this season. "I was very proud of the way John kept fighting, held the team together when we were losing in the middle of the year. Joe [Flacco, quarterback] was obviously producing at substandard with his back injury and after the first couple of weeks, obviously, we were very encouraged by our defense and thought that could hold us together. We didn't perform very well in the middle of the year. I was proud of the way we fought back as a team."
The City of Lloydminster has announced Rick McDonald will be the Interim City Manager.
“Rick comes with a broad perspective of experience from past, serving in the provincial civil service and worked with several different municipalities and organizations outside of government as well,” says Mayor Gerald Aalbers.
Mayor Aalbers says this has been in the works for a few weeks now and that McDonald has been brought up to speed on certain issues.
“We've had a chance to brief him on several of the items happening in our city, including the Waste Water Treatment Plant. He's certainly aware of the Cuff report, so there are a lot of things that will play into his action here.”
McDonald has experience in many other municipalities, saying “coming in new, you don't know all the issues and all the people and certainly it will take some time for that to settle down but other than that I'm fairly confident that I will be able to do whatever we need to do to make sure that the programs and the services in the city are carried out and the city council has the information it needs to make good decisions.”
The audit done by George Cuff outlined some issues between city administration and city council.
“The first order of business will be to build trust between myself and administration and council. It will take a little bit of time.”
However, McDonald adds that while the audit outlined issues that needed to be focused on that the city is moving in the right direction.
“I'm very positive the city will be maintained, and improvements in city administration will be made.”
McDonald outline three things that were key for a good working relationship between administration and council:
Transparency
Cooperation
Team Work
“Council and the administration are a team. We have one goal and that is providing programs and services for the community.”
McDonald adds that he is “looking forward to working with [the] community and region.”
McDonald's contract will be completed in October, and Mayor Aalbers says the search for a full time City Manager will continue.
“We're trying to follow a methodology of one step, two step and that would be our third step but we haven't engaged that step completely yet, so that will be forthcoming and it is a priority as well.”
Facebook shares posted their steepest drop since 2015 as U.S. and European officials demanded answers to reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of the social network's users without their consent.
Politicians on both sides of the Atlantic are calling on Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg to appear before lawmakers to explain how U.K.-based Cambridge Analytica, the data-analysis firm that helped Donald Trump win the U.S. presidency, was able to harvest the personal information.
Facebook has already testified about how its platform was used by Russian propagandists ahead of the 2016 election, but the company never put Zuckerberg himself in the spotlight with government leaders. The pressure may also foreshadow tougher regulation for the social network.
U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar, a Democrat from Minnesota, and John Kennedy, a Republican from Louisiana, have called on the chairman of the Judiciary Committee to bring in technology company CEOs, including from Twitter Inc. and Alphabet Inc.'s Google, for public questioning.
In a letter Monday to Senator Chuck Grassley, a Republican from Iowa, Klobuchar and Kennedy said they have “serious concern regarding recent reports that data from millions of American was misused in order to influence voters.”
“The lack of oversight on how data is stored and how political advertisements are sold raises concerns about the integrity of American elections as well as privacy rights,” the senators wrote. A hearing with the CEOs would allow the committee to learn “what is being done to protect Americans' data and limit abuse of the platforms, as well as to assess what measures should be taken before the next elections.”
Facebook on Friday said that a professor used Facebook's log-in tools to get people to sign up for what he claimed was a personality-analysis app he had designed for academic purposes. To take the quiz, 270,000 people gave the app permission to access data via Facebook on themselves and their friends, exposing a network of 50 million people, according to the New York Times. That kind of access was allowed per Facebook's rules at the time. Afterward, the professor violated Facebook's terms when he passed along that data to Cambridge Analytica.
Facebook fell nearly 7 percent $172.56 on Monday in New York, wiping out all of the year's gains so far. That marked the biggest intraday drop since August 2015. The company has lost some $35 billion in market value following news of the Cambridge Analytica breach.
Facebook found out about the breach in 2015, shut down the professor's access and asked Cambridge Analytica to certify that it had deleted the user data. Yet the social network on Friday suspended Cambridge from its system, explaining that it had learned the information wasn't erased. Cambridge, originally funded by conservative political donor Robert Mercer, on Saturday denied that it still had access to the user data, and said it was working with Facebook on a solution. On Monday, Facebook said Cambridge has agreed to a forensic audit of its servers and systems to determine whether the data was retained.
A researcher who worked with the professor on the app is now currently an employee at Facebook, which is reviewing whether he knew about the data leak.
The denials and internal inquiries did little to ease the criticism.
Damian Collins, a British lawmaker, said Sunday that Zuckerberg or another senior executive should appear in front of his committee because previous witnesses have avoided difficult questions, creating “a false reassurance that Facebook's stated policies are always robust and effectively policed.” He added in an interview on British radio Monday that Zuckerberg should “stop hiding behind his Facebook page and actually come out and answer questions about his company.”
The next few weeks represent a critical time for Facebook to reassure users and regulators about its content standards and platform security, to prevent rules that could impact its main advertising business, according to Daniel Ives, an analyst at GBH Insights.
“Changes to their business model around advertising and news feeds/content could be in store over the next 12 to 18 months,” Ives wrote in a note to investors.
Facebook, meanwhile, has sought to explain that the mishandling of user data was out of its hands and doesn't constitute a “breach” ” a definition that would require the company to alert users about whether their information was taken, per U.S. Federal Trade Commission rules.
Menlo Park-based Facebook no longer allows app developers to ask for access to data on users' friends. But the improper handling of the data raises systemic questions about how much companies can be trusted to protect personal information, said Nuala O'Connor, president and CEO of the Center for Democracy & Technology.
“While the misuse of data is not new, what we now see is how seemingly insignificant information about individuals can be used to decide what information they see and influence viewpoints in profound ways,” O'Connor said in a statement. “Communications technologies have become an essential part of our daily lives, but if we are unable to have control of our data, these technologies control us. For our democracy to thrive, this cannot continue.”
HOUSTON (AP) — Clint Capela had a career-high 28 points and James Harden scored 12 straight points for Houston in the fourth quarter as the Rockets rallied for a 130-123 victory to extend their winning streak to 10 games on Monday night.
The game was tied with about three minutes remaining after Harden made two free throws. Those were the first of seven straight points by Harden that put Houston's up 124-119 with 1:30 left.
Jrue Holiday made a basket after that, but Harden hit a 3-pointer second later to push the lead to 127-121. Harden stole the ball from E'Twaun Moore after a timeout by New Orleans. He was fouled and made both free throws to make it 129-121 with 34 seconds left.
After scoring 48 points in Houston's last game, Harden finished with 26 on Monday, but he tied a career-high with 17 assists, finding the 6-foot-10 Capela under the basket again and again.
Holiday had a season-high 37 points for the Pelicans. Moore had a career-high 36 points and made a career-most six 3-pointers on a night New Orleans set a franchise record with 18 3-pointers.
The Pelicans led by seven entering the fourth and were up by eight with about 10 minutes left when Moore scored all their points in a 6-2 run. Houston used an 11-3 spurt after that to tie it at 112-112 with about six minutes remaining. Paul made five points in that span and Capela capped it with two dunks.
New Orleans was without Anthony Davis, who sat out with a groin injury. He missed three games after sustaining the injury on Dec. 1 but played in the last two games before the problem began to bother him again.
The Pelicans were up by 2 early in the third quarter when Holiday scored five quick points to push the lead to 89-82. They led by seven later in the quarter when Holiday got going again, scoring all of their points in a 5-2 run that made it 96-86.
Another basket by Holiday extended the lead to 13 points with about two minutes left in the quarter. But Paul outscored the Pelicans 8-2 the rest of the quarter to allow the Rockets to get within 103-96 entering the fourth. He made two 3-pointers in that stretch, with the second one coming just before the buzzer.
DeMarcus Cousins received a technical foul in the second quarter when he shoved Trevor Ariza away from him with two hands after Ariza fouled him. Ariza yelled at Cousins after the push and Chris Paul and Harden pulled him away as he walked toward him before order was restored.
The Pelicans led by 7 with just more than two minutes left in the second quarter before Houston used an 11-2 run to take a 78-76 lead into halftime. Capela had two dunks and a block in that span and Eric Gordon made a 3-pointer.
TIP-INS
Pelicans: New Orleans set a season-high with 74 first-half points. ... Holiday has scored 30 or more points in two straight games. ... Cousins had 24 points and 14 rebounds.
Rockets: Harden's 14 assists in the first half tied a franchise record for assists in a half. Harden also did it last year and John Lucas did it on Oct. 27, 1977. ... Paul finished with 20 points.
UP NEXT
Pelicans: Host Milwaukee on Wednesday.
Rockets: Host Charlotte on Wednesday.
Reality TV star Kourtney Kardashian arrived on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., Tuesday morning to make a push for safer personal care products.
Kardashian is holding meetings with lawmakers, aides and reporters on Tuesday to express her support for legislation that would give the U.S. Food and Drug Administration the power to investigate and prevent the sales of dangerous cosmetics. The proposed legislation is expected to suggest that facilities be registered to the FDA and could be subject to suspension if they distribute such harmful personal care products.
J. Scott Applewhite/AP
Kardashian's interest in promoting safer, nontoxic cosmetics grew after the birth of her first child in 2009, she told Capitol Hill reporters Tuesday morning.
"It all kind of snowballed," she described. Research prompted by her mother's friends led her to the Environmental Working Group, whose representatives have accompanied Kardashian during much of her visit to Washington.
"It would be nice if we didn't have to guess as much," she said. "If there were regulations to know that the products that we're using are safe."
Following a morning press event with the Environmental Working Group, the "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" co-star was set to hold a closed briefing with Congressional aides at 4 p.m.
Lawmakers including Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, Rep. Frank Pallone, D-N.J. and Rep. Leonard Lance, R-N.J. banged the cosmetics safety drum during the last Congress, but the bills never reached a vote.
A congressional aide told ABC News House and Senate bills are being worked on, but the timeline is unclear.
Today in History
Today is Saturday, Oct. 7, the 280th day of 2017. There are 85 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Oct. 7, 1977, the Queen double-A single "We Are the Champions" (by lead singer Freddie Mercury) and "We Will Rock You" (by lead guitarist Brian May) was released in the United Kingdom by EMI Records.
On this date:
In 1765, the Stamp Act Congress convened in New York to draw up colonial grievances against England.
In 1849, author Edgar Allan Poe died in Baltimore at age 40.
In 1858, the fifth debate between Illinois senatorial candidates Abraham Lincoln and Stephen Douglas took place in Galesburg.
In 1916, in the most lopsided victory in college football history, Georgia Tech defeated Cumberland University 222-0 in Atlanta.
In 1929, former Interior Secretary Albert B. Fall, one of the main figures of the Teapot Dome scandal, went on trial, charged with accepting a bribe from oil tycoon Edward L. Doheny. (Fall was found guilty and served nine months in prison; Doheny was acquitted at his own trial of offering the bribe Fall was convicted of taking.)
In 1949, the Republic of East Germany was formed.
In 1954, Marian Anderson became the first black singer hired by the Metropolitan Opera Company in New York.
In 1960, Democratic presidential candidate John F. Kennedy and Republican opponent Richard Nixon held their second televised debate, this one in Washington, D.C.
In 1982, the Andrew Lloyd Webber-Tim Rice musical "Cats" opened on Broadway. (The show ended its original run on Sept. 10, 2000, after a then-record 7,485 performances.)
In 1985, Palestinian gunmen hijacked the Italian cruise ship Achille Lauro (ah-KEE'-leh LOW'-roh) in the Mediterranean. (The hijackers killed Leon Klinghoffer, a Jewish-American tourist, before surrendering on Oct. 9.)
In 1991, University of Oklahoma law professor Anita Hill publicly accused Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas of making sexually inappropriate comments when she worked for him; Thomas denied Hill's allegations.
In 1992, trade representatives of the United States, Canada and Mexico initialed the North American Free Trade Agreement during a ceremony in San Antonio, Texas, in the presence of President George H.W. Bush, Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney (muhl-ROO'-nee) and Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari.
Ten years ago: A 20-year-old off-duty sheriff's deputy went on a shooting rampage in Crandon, Wisconsin, killing six people, including his ex-girlfriend, before taking his own life as police closed in. Nine skydivers and a pilot were killed when their Cessna Caravan 208 crashed in Washington's Cascade Range. In a race run in scorching heat that left one man dead because of a heart condition, Kenya's Patrick Ivuti won the Chicago Marathon by a fraction of a second; another 250 runners were taken to hospitals because of heat-related ailments.
Five years ago: Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez won re-election for the third time. (Chavez died in March 2013 at age 58 after a two-year battle with cancer; he was succeeded by Vice President Nicolas Maduro.)
One year ago: The U.S. accused Russia of hacking American political sites and email accounts in an effort to interfere with the upcoming presidential election and also directly accused Russia of war crimes in Syria; Moscow dismissed the allegations. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos was named winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, receiving a big boost in his efforts to save an agreement seeking to end his country's half-century conflict.
Today's Birthdays: Retired South African Archbishop and Nobel Peace laureate Desmond Tutu is 86. Author Thomas Keneally is 82. Comedian Joy Behar is 75. Former National Security Council aide Lt. Col. Oliver North (ret.) is 74. Rock musician Kevin Godley (10cc) is 72. Actress Jill Larson is 70. Country singer Kieran Kane is 68. Singer John Mellencamp is 66. Rock musician Ricky Phillips is 66. Russian President Vladimir Putin is 65. Actress Mary Badham (Film: "To Kill a Mockingbird") is 65. Rock musician Tico Torres (Bon Jovi) is 64. Actress Christopher Norris is 62. Cellist Yo-Yo Ma is 62. Gospel singer Michael W. Smith is 60. Olympic gold medal ice dancer Jayne Torvill is 60. Actor Dylan Baker is 59. Recording executive and TV personality Simon Cowell is 58. Rock musician Charlie Marinkovich (Iron Butterfly) is 58. Country singer Dale Watson is 55. Pop singer Ann Curless (Expose) is 54. Rhythm-and-blues singer Toni Braxton is 50. Rock singer-musician Thom Yorke (Radiohead) is 49. Rock musician-dancer Leeroy Thornhill is 48. Actress Nicole Ari Parker is 47. Actress Allison Munn is 43. Rock singer-musician Damian Kulash (KOO'-lahsh) is 42. Singer Taylor Hicks is 41. Actor Omar Benson Miller is 39. Neo-soul singer Nathaniel Rateliff (Nathaniel Rateliff & the Night Sweats) is 39. Actor Shawn Ashmore is 38. Actor Jake McLaughlin is 35. Electronic musician Flying Lotus (AKA Stephen Ellison) is 34. MLB player Evan Longoria is 32. Actress Holland Roden is 31. Actress Amber Stevens is 31. Actress Lulu Wilson is 12.
Thought for Today: "An egotist is a person of low taste — more interested in himself than in me." — Ambrose Bierce, American author-journalist (1842-1914?).
A Washington dad has been charged with soliciting the murders of his wife and 4-year-old daughter in a text message he accidentally sent to his former boss, authorities said.
Jeff Lytle, 42, was arrested last week and is currently being held in lieu of $1 million bail, according to court records.
Read: Celebrity Baker and Former Marine Tried to Hire Hit Man to Kill Her Ex Over Child Visitation
The unemployed father allegedly sent a February 7 missive saying he wanted to move forward with his desire to get rid of the woman and child, Snohomish County prosecutors said.
“Hey Shayne, how's it going?” the text began, according to an arrest affidavit. "You remember you said that you would help me kill my wife? I'm going to take you up on that offer," the message said.
Lytle then offered to split his wife's $1 million life insurance policy with the hit man, and told him to make the killings look like "a robbery gone wrong," the document said.
The messages went to Lytle's ex-boss, who called Snohomish County Sheriff's deputies to report the texts, the affidavit said.
Investigators visited Lytle's wife at her job. She confirmed the couple had been married for seven years and had a young daughter, the document said.
Read: 'Go Between' Arrested in Murder-for-Hire of Florida State University Law Professor: Cops
She said the family was experiencing financial troubles because Lytle was out of work, but said she knew of no reason why her husband would want to kill her and her daughter, the affidavit said.
Deputies then went to the couple's home, where Lytle was watching their 4-year-old. He told officers he had been “venting” about his wife and denied sending the texts or knowing anyone named Shayne, the document said.
He said he had written the messages before, but never pressed send, authorities said.
Lytle said his daughter must have sent the text, which had been stored in his drafts folder.
Deputies arrested Lytle on February 8. He has been charged with two counts of solicitation of first-degree murder.
He has not entered a plea, according to court records.
Watch: Skin Care Guru to Celebrities Arrested for Hiring Hitman to Assassinate Rival
Related Articles:
From 1 July Amazon will redirect Australian browsers away from its amazon.com site in response to GST changes introduced by the government.
“As a result of changes to Australian GST law on 1 July, international shopping options for Australian customers will change,” a spokesperson for the online retail giant said.
“While we regret any inconvenience this may cause customers, we have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites.”
The changes referred to relate to a decision to scrap the previous $1000 threshold for imposing GST on online purchases from overseas. The changes were originally due to kick in on 1 July 2017, but the government agreed to a 12-month delay.
Under the changes to the GST regime, the operator of an “electronic distribution platform” is treated as the supplier of low value goods if the platform is used to purchase the goods — even they are sold by a third party.
In 2017, for the first time more than half of the units sold on Amazon's platform were from third-party sellers.
eBay has previously slammed the changes as “unreasonable and unworkable”.
A Productivity Commission inquiry concluded that given the decision to collect GST on low value imported goods, “the legislated model is the most feasible among the imperfect alternatives at this time.”
Both eBay and Amazon previously indicated that they may have to block Australian buyers due to the changes — and Amazon today confirmed that it would redirect Australian customers from its international sites to Amazon.com.au.
Alibaba and Etsy also opposed the changes.
Amazon.com.au will allow Australians to “shop for products sold by Amazon US on the new Global Store,” the company's spokesperson said.
“This will allow us to provide our customers with continued access to international selection and remain compliant with the law which requires us to collect and remit GST on products sold on Amazon sites that are shipped from overseas.”
The ‘Global Store' will offer some 4 million items, in addition to the 60 million products previously offered at Amazon.com.au, the spokesperson said.
An eBay spokesperson said the company was “working on a solution that enables Aussie buyers to continue to shop from all eBay sites, while also capturing the required GST.”
“This requires major changes to eBay's global systems and we are working to have these ready by 1st July,” the spokesperson said.
“eBay's GST solution will allow us to collect GST in any currency, from any seller, from any eBay site. It also allows imports to Australia to continue without any structural barriers, redirects or blocks to the buyer experience.”
“Alibaba Group has been forthcoming about its concerns with the GST collection model,” a spokesperson for the Chinese eCommerce company said.
“Last year we participated in a number of public hearings, where we outlined our concerns around the collection of GST by e-commerce platforms. Treasury modelling indicates that 75 per cent of goods (by value) imported into Australia will continue to go untaxed under this model.
“The implementation of this tax is difficult and requires many changes to Alibaba's systems. At this stage our priority is to ensure that we prepare the business for the change on 1 July 2018 and that the consumer experience on our platforms is not adversely impacted by these changes.”
The government in 2016 introduced legislation to impose GST on digital services such as Amazon Web Services' cloud computing offerings and Netflix.
On May 22, 22 people were killed during a terrorist attack at Ariana Grande's concert in Manchester. After visiting some of the victims in the hospital in the days following the attack, Grande came back to Manchester for a benefit concert. The star-studded One Love Manchester benefit concert took place on June 4, a mere 13 days after the terror attack. The benefit concert raised millions for the families of the victims.
Thanks to her efforts, Grande will become the first honorary citizen of Manchester. According to the city of Manchester, the honor is to be bestowed because of the “resilient and compassionate” way she responded after the attacks.
Manchester City Council leader Sir Richard Leese spoke about the city and its response to the attacks. He said, “We've all had cause to be incredibly proud of Manchester and the resilient and compassionate way in which the city, and all those associated with it, have responded to the terrible events of 22 May, with love and courage rather than hatred and fear.”
Leese went on to explain exactly why Grande will be the first to receive the award. “Ariana Grande exemplified this response,” he said. “I think many people would already consider her an honorary Mancunian, and we would be delighted, if the council approves the proposal, to make it official.”
Grande's proposed honorary citizenship is part of a larger plan by the city council to update the system in which noncitizens are honored for their contributions to Manchester. The city is also planning an event for later in the year to celebrate the “many selfless acts and demonstrations of community spirit in the aftermath of the atrocity.”
In other entertainment news, Kendall Jenner's ‘Fraternal Twin', Kirby Jenner, Spills Deets About the Kardashians
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
GLENDALE, Ariz. — Dodgers third baseman Justin Turner left Monday night's game after being hit in the left wrist by a pitch.
Turner was struck during his first at-bat of the game against Oakland A's right-hander Kendall Graveman. Turner was playing for the first time since returning to camp after serving as an honorary starter for the L.A. Marathon on Sunday.
Turner went to the ground in pain and had to be helped to his feet after being examined by the Dodgers trainer. Turner immediately left the game and was replaced by Donovan Solano. Turner was being taken for X-rays to determine the extent of the injury.
Turner has been prone to getting hit by pitches since adopting a more aggressive hitting approach and crowding the plate. Over the past three seasons with the Dodgers, he has been hit 42 times during the regular season, including 19 last year (tied for fourth in the majors) and seven more times during the postseason.
More to come on this story later.
For more than three decades, Henry's House of Coffee has been an Outer Sunset staple, with master roaster Henry Kalebjian at the helm, along with his son Hrag, who has managed the space with him for the last five years.In addition to learning the fine art of crafting dark roast and Armenian-style coffee, being designated a San Francisco legacy business and supporting the Children of Armenia Fund , the business was recently tapped to join Facebook's 2018 US Small Business Council The social media giant offers "resources and education" to more than 60 small businesses. In return, the entrepreneurs help the platform improve their "tools and solutions."Via phone, Hrag Kalebjian said his invitation to Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park "was an opportunity to learn about how Facebook works and to meet other small vendors there," he said.While on the campus, organizers conducted video interviews with small business representatives and asked them to provide advice for their counterparts who might be struggling to get a small business off the ground.Facebook then selected several winners from the video interviews--including the younger Kalebjian--and invited the group back at a later date to meet with advertising specialists who support small businesses that use Facebook."Unbeknownst to me," Kalebjian said, "they were building a small business council with twelve, hand-selected small businesses to be leaders in their communities. They were not only looking at people that run good businesses, but those that are also bridging communities together."Part of the goal, he added, is learning how to connect small businesses that use facebook to create real-world communities of independent entrepreneurs."I had the rare opportunity to spend a few days at the headquarters and through this program, I will continue to learn from Facebook and they'll be learning from me--all as part of the mission to grow my business," he said.The businesses come from all over the country and will provide constructive feedback on some of the social media giant's newest products and initiatives, though Kalebjian said he isn't allowed to speak about them just yet.Now, he has "some tips and tricks for finding success on Facebook" that he aims to share with other small business owners."I'm now part of an elite group were we share best practices and have access to a lot of Facebook managers and their network. I have the expertise to help people grow so as communities evolve, the whole ecosystem benefits. I wish to share that," said Kalebijian. "I have a platform for that now, especially in San Francisco."The Small Business Council meets yearly at Facebook to learn about "a lot of things that are coming out and in the works, we have calls to head over to play with their product team, and we'll be constantly connected to Facebook to learn how to help others grow their business," he added.Kalebjian invited neighbors and other merchants to visit his cafe to try some of its responsibly-sourced coffees and learn more about growing a small business through social media."The biggest thing about being in the Sunset, because it's very much a bedroom community, is right off the bat to let people know where we are and what we're doing," he said.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — Typewriter enthusiasts gather at an Albuquerque restaurant to experiment with vintage Smith Coronas. Fans in Boston kneel in a city square and type stories about their lives during a pro-immigration demonstration. A documentary on typewriters featuring Tom Hanks and musician John Mayer is set for release this summer.
In the age of smartphones, social media and hacking fears, vintage typewriters that once gathered dust in attics and basements are attracting a new generation of fans across the U.S.
From public “type-ins” at bars to street poets selling personalized, typewritten poems on the spot, typewriters have emerged as popular items with aficionados hunting for them in thrift stores, online auction sites and antique shops. Some buys antique Underwoods to add to a growing collection. Others search for a midcentury Royal Quiet De Luxe — like a model author Ernest Hemingway used — to work on that simmering novel.
The rescued machines often need servicing, and fans are forced to seek out the few remaining typewriter repair shops.
“I haven't seen business like this in years,” said John Lewis, a typewriter repairman who has operated out of his Albuquerque shop for four decades. “There's definitely a new interest, and it's keeping me very busy.”
Renewed interest began around 10 years ago when small pockets of typewriter enthusiasts came together online, said Richard Polt, a Xavier University philosophy professor and author of “The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist's Companion for the 21st Century.” Since then, the base of fans has dramatically grown, and various public events have been organized around the typewriter.
“It's beyond the phase where this is just a fad,” Polt said.
It's almost impossible to gauge recent typewriter sales. Almost all of the original manufacturers are out of business or have been bought out and become different companies. The Moonachie, New Jersey-based Swintec appears to be one of the world's last typewriter makers, selling translucent electronic machines largely to jails and prisons.
But operators of thrift stores and estate sales say typewriters are some of the quickest items to go.
“That's part of the fun: the hunt,” said Joe Van Cleave, an Albuquerque resident who owns more than a dozen typewriters and runs a popular YouTube channel on restoring the machines. “Sometimes, like a little luck, you might find something from the 1920s in great condition.”
Doug Nichol, director of the upcoming documentary “California Typewriter,” said the interest stems from “digital burnout” and people wanting a connection to the past. That interest seems to transcend age, he said.
“Kids who grew up knowing only mobile phones and the computer are excited to see a letter typed with your own hand,” said Nichol, who owns 85 typewriters. “It's a one-on-one interaction that doesn't get interrupted by Twitter alerts.”
In his film, set for release in August, Nichol interviews Hanks, who said he uses a typewriter almost every day to send memos and letters.
“I hate getting email thank-yous from folks,” Hanks says in the film. “Now, if they take 70 seconds to type me out something on a piece of paper and send to me, well, I'll keep that forever. I'll just delete that email.”
Hank owns about 270 typewriters but often gives them away to people who show an interest.
One way the typewriter craze is growing is through organized “type-ins” — meet-ups in public places where typewriter fans try different vintage machines. Such events have been held in Phoenix, Philadelphia, Seattle, Los Angeles and Cincinnati.
During a recent type-in at Albuquerque soul food restaurant Nexus Brewery, around three dozen fans took turns clicking the keys of an Italian-made 1964 Olivetti Lettera 32 and a 1947 Royal KMM, among others.
Rich Boucher spent most of his time on a 1960s-era Hermes 3000 crafting poetry.
“I haven't used a typewriter in forever,” he said. “This is a real refreshing way to spend a summer afternoon.”
After finishing his work, Boucher grabbed his phone and sent a Facebook status update about the experience. He then started looking online for a Hermes 3000.
“That's the typewriter I want,” he said. “I'm going to find one.”
___
Follow Russell Contreras on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras
Comments
comments
Sleaford fire crews were called to a crash on Grantham Road in the town late last night (Tuesday).
Fire crews arrived on scene at the collision at about 11.44pm, according to a fire service report.
They removed rear seats, lowered a seat and used a spinal board to remove one person from a vehicle involved in the smash.
The casualty was then taken by ambulance to hospital.
Shortly after Miss America made headlines with a bombshell announcement that it's scrapping its swimsuit competition, the newly crowned winner of the separate Miss USA pageant spoke out about the inclusion of swimsuit competitions, calling them "empowering."
"It's just exciting and it's empowering to be able to confidently stand on that stage and just have fun in the swimsuit," the reining Miss USA Sarah Rose Summers told ABC News' Linsey Davis.
"It takes confidence unlike anything else -- true confidence -- not just on the outside that you're exuding to the judges and the audience and the millions of people watching at home, but inner confidence," Summers said.
Summers, 23, is the first woman from Nebraska to win the Miss USA title since the pageant began in 1952.
Matt Sullivan/Getty Images
Her comments come on the heels of last month's announcement that Miss America, which is not associated with the Miss USA pageant, would eliminate the swimsuit competition after including it for nearly a century.
"We are no longer a pageant," Gretchen Carlson, the chair of the Board of Trustees of the Miss America Organization, said on "GMA" in June. "We are a competition."
FOX via Getty Images
While Summers acknowledged that she doesn't know what the future holds, she believes there is still a place for the swimsuit competition in pageantry.
In the Miss USA pageant, the swimsuit portion "has been the longest standing phase of competition" and the "tradition is huge," she added.
FOX via Getty Images
Summers, who formerly worked as a fitness instructor, also acknowledged the criticism that she only likes the swimsuit portion of the competition because she has good genetics and the physique of a full-time Pilates teacher.
"I have worked my booty off to be where I am," she said. "It's not just handed to me on a silver platter -- I don't have amazing metabolism."
Andy Kropa/Invision via AP
For all the young girls that are tuning in to the competition, Summers said she would tell them "don't fall to self-comparison to others" and instead "just empower each other."
"Be each other's best cheerleaders, rather than critics, because that's what is going to bring ultimate happiness to yourself," she added.
Summers added that she believes that "in this Me Too movement time that we're in," women "should be empowering all other women's decisions no matter what that is."
"I choose, all of us choose to compete in pageantry ... no one's making us do that," she said. "I know that I'm getting up there and I'm standing on a stage in a swimsuit, and I get to rock all my hard work on that stage."
Home sales around Lake Tahoe held steady through late summer with a five percent increase in volume sold, according to a third quarter report released by Chase International.
The numbers compare all home sales from Jan. 1, through September 30, 2017 to the same time frame of 2016. The median price of a home in Lake Tahoe rose one percent to $580,000.
South Shore saw the biggest jump in the sale of million-dollar homes, up 24 percent, with the East Shore following at six percent. Incline Village had the largest increase in volume sold. It's also the most expensive area to purchase a home, with a median home price of $1,069,000 (up three percent).
The number of homes sold, however, was down seven percent. Homes sold for less than $1 million continued to fall (nine percent) while homes sold for over $1 million rose four percent.
In Truckee, the median price of a home rose seven percent to $670,000 while volume and overall units were down 11 and eight percent, respectively.
LONDON (AP) — The BBC is proposing a pay cap on news presenters as it grapples with disparity in what it pays men and women.
The broadcaster has proposed a 320,000 pound ($449,000) cap the day before the head of the BBC is to be questioned by lawmakers over the broadcaster's pay culture.
Meanwhile, a new report by a group representing women at the BBC says they faced "veiled threats" while trying to raise the subject of pay. The group wants the BBC to apologize and set in motion an "equal, fair and transparent pay structure."
A number of the BBC's leading male presenters agreed to pay cuts as the corporation sorts out pay inequality — a situation that came to light last year with the publication of salaries.
BATANGAS CITY – Five persons were arrested in a simultaneous serving of search warrants in Calatagan town in Batangas province Friday morning, police said.
Chief Inspector Rosell Encarnacion, Batangas police chief information officer, said the suspects Joseph Marasigan, Manolo Delos Reyes, Senando Marco, Allan Dimaisip and Eduardo Pinaflorida were arrested by policemen armed with search warrants issued by Judge Agripino Morga of Regional Trial Court Branch 29 in San Pablo City, Laguna, in the villages Talibayog and Hukay around 5:10 a.m.
A hand grenade with pin and 25 pieces of fired cartridge case for caliber .38 pistol were confiscated from Marasigan.
ADVERTISEMENT
From Delos Reyes, police confiscated a Colt caliber .45 pistol with a magazine loaded with seven live ammunition, a hand grenade and a black belt bag.
Police also found one air gun rifle and a hand grenade from Marco while Dimaisip yielded a caliber .45 with a magazine containing six pieces of live ammunition and a hand grenade.
Pinaflorida also yielded a caliber .45 with a magazine inserted and eight live ammunition.
The suspects will be charged with violation of Republic Act 10591 or the “Comprehensive Firearms and Ammunition Regulation Act” before the Batangas Provincial Prosecutor's Office.
Getty Image
Six years ago, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department reopened the investigation into Natalie Wood's mysterious 1981 death, and on Thursday, it was revealed that authorities have labeled Robert Wagner, who was married to Wood when she drowned near Catalina Island in California, as a person of interest. The New York Times has since reported that authorities are now considering Wood's drowning to be a “suspicious death.”
Forty years after Wood's demise, the new classification arrives due to 100 tips, including witnesses who have painted a different (albeit still cloudy) portrait of exactly what happened that night on the yacht, where Wood was only accompanied by Wagner, Christopher Walken, and captain Dennis Davern. Two witnesses overheard two separate arguments on that fateful night:
A sheriff's department spokeswoman, Nicole Nishida, said in a statement on Thursday that new witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that “portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night.” One of the witnesses described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, she said. Shortly after that, separate witnesses heard a man and a woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Ms. Wood and Mr. Wagner, Ms. Nishida said.
Still, CNN reports that the sheriff's office concedes that there's not enough information “to make an arrest at this moment,” although it's worth noting that Wood's death certificate was modified in 2012 to indicate “drowning and other undetermined factors” rather than simply an accidental drowning.
CBS News has reported that Wagner has refused to speak with the sheriff's office since the probe was reopened. Walken (who was declared to not be a suspect in 2011) has spoken out to a limited degree. When TMZ confronted him in 2011, he simply answered, “I don't know.” Yet in 1997 (via Hollywood Reporter), he told Playboy, “What happened that night only she knows, because she was alone.” He mentioned that Wood could not swim, and he added, “A dinghy was bouncing against the side of the boat, and I think she went out to move it … It was slippery.”
More investigative details may be revealed in a CBS News special, Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water, which will air on Saturday night at 10pm EST.
(Via New York Times, CNN & CBS News)
Person Spotted Climbing Up Statue Of LibertyPolice have responded to a person seen climbing up the Statue of Liberty on July 4, 2018.
CBS2 News Update: July 4 at 3:30 p.m.Dana Tyler has the latest news updates from CBS2: Nathan's hot dog contest, parades galore, fireworks trouble and more.
Update: Chestnut Breaks His Hot Dog Eating Record, 74 In 10 MinutesDefending champions Joey "Jaws" Chestnut and Miki Sudo held their holds on The Mustard Belt in this year's Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest. CBS2's Marc Liverman reports.
Update: Wet & Wild July 4th Parade In Stewart ManorCBS2's Jenna Deangelis shows off how firefighters and their fans exchange volleys of water balloons and water cannon fire during the annual 4th of July parade in Stewart Manor on Long Island.
Man Transforms Yard Into Giant American FlagArthur McCann of Norwood, Massachusetts, transformed his front lawn into an American flag complete with 50 stars and 13 stripes. CBS2's Dick Brennan and Alex Denis report.
Tip Of The Day: Black Pluot PlumsTony Tanillo reports.
Often, individuals begin their management careers by being thrust into management roles after they demonstrate outstanding operational performance. Unfortunately, few companies prepare these new managers for management responsibilities. Worse yet, a crisis in leadership can become a personal trauma.
"I hate my job," said a manager-colleague last week as we were having coffee. "All I ever wanted to do was develop software, and now my company's asking me to manage it."
There are many individual like this in tech. Entrepreneurs innovate new products and then just as zealously set out to find a CEO or COO to run their companies. In other cases, individuals who are managing really do want to become the great managers that their companies expect them to be—but they are afraid of failing.
SEE: How to manage job stress: An IT leader's guide (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
If you're operating in a management capacity, but find yourself needing coaching and mentoring, you may want to consider engaging a personal coach. Here are a few tips for doing so:
Know what you are looking for
One of the reasons managers pursue career and personal coaching is that they feel something is missing from their management styles and techniques, but they don't know what. A personal management coach can help you identify shortcomings in your management style and how to address them—but it's still good to have some idea of what your shortfalls might be before you engage an outside coach to help you. Having an idea of what you think the problems are is a great way to starting the conversation.
Seek measurable and results-oriented coaching
Manager coaching shouldn't be used just to make you feel better about your job — it should be intended to actually improve your performance and effectiveness. If your coach doesn't have a results-oriented methodology for coaching you, you will want look at other options.
One of the more established management coaching methods is goals-reality-options-will, or GROW.
GROW was first developed in the UK in the 1980s. In the process, the person being coached develops goals that they would like to attain, and identifies the obstacles that have prevented attainment. In step two, the person and coach look at the realities of the situation. In step three, the person works with a coach to discover options, such as what would happen if the obstacles didn't exist, or what else they could do, and in step four a specific goal attainment plan with timelines is developed.
Pursue your coaching in a trusted environment
I once worked alongside a vice president colleague who told me she asked the CEO for assertiveness training. She had many great ideas, was frequently drowned out in meetings, and it was beneficial for her and the company that she get the training. Unfortunately, she also ended up reinforcing her boss' opinions of her non-assertiveness by asking for the training.
If you are in a situation like this, it might be more advantageous for you to invest on your own in a career coach.
SEE: How to build a successful CIO career (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
Final remarks
Management consultant Peter Drucker once said, "Efficiency is doing the thing right. Effectiveness is doing the right thing."
To get there, managers pursue coaching in areas that range from developing self-confidence in meetings and in interactions with others, to learning how to better balance their personal and professional lives.
By engaging with a personal coach, managers can attain better results—and that's good news for companies and employees, too.
For more business and leadership advice, subscribe to our Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see:
NEW YORK (AP) — Telecommunications regulators and industry groups voiced opposition Monday to a government-built wireless network that the Trump administration is reportedly considering .
The news website Axios reported Sunday that national security officials may want a government-built next-generation "5G" mobile network because of concerns about China and cybersecurity. A White House spokesman referred inquiries to the National Security Council, which did not immediately respond to questions.
The telecom industry, which is powerful in Washington, is already working on 5G, which heralds better internet on smartphones as well as potential applications for self-driving cars and other new technology. The new standard is already being tested and could be widely available by 2020. AT&T has said that it expects to launch a mobile 5G service in 12 U.S. locations later this year.
Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai, a Republican, said in a statement Monday that the federal government should not build and operate a nationwide 5G network. The agency's four other voting commissioners, both Democrats and Republicans, also criticized and expressed skepticism about such a proposal. The FCC regulates the nation's airwaves and auctions them off to phone, cable and broadcasting companies for use in networks.
The industry group USTelecom panned the idea as well.
"There is nothing that would slam the breaks more quickly on our hard-won momentum to be the leader in the global race for 5G network deployment more quickly than the federal government stepping in to build those networks," said its president, Jonathan Spalter, in an emailed statement.
The wireless trade group CTIA said the government should stick to "free market policies."
ISLAMABAD (AP) — A mountain climber who was rescued from a Himalayan peak where her climbing partner is presumed to have died has returned home to France, a representative of a Pakistani mountaineering group said Tuesday.
Karrar Haidri of the Alpine Club of Pakistan said Elisabeth Revol left Pakistan before dawn. Revol praised everyone who participated in rescuing her from Nanga Parbat, said Haidri, who visited her at the Islamabad where she was treated.
Suffering from frostbite and exhaustion, Revol was rescued Sunday by Polish climbers who were on a separate expedition and braved high winds and low nighttime temperatures to bring her down from Nanga Parba, the world's ninth-highest peak at 8,126 meters (26,660 feet.)
In an account published Tuesday, the climbers, Denis Urubko and Adam Bielecki, described the difficult decision to call off trying to save Revol's partner, Tomasz Mackiewicz of Poland, after Revol reported the poor condition he was in when she last saw him.
Revol said Mackiewicz had frostbitten hands and legs and face, no sense of time or space, was snow blind, and unable to move unassisted.
The two mountaineers got stuck Thursday while climbing Nanga Parbat, Pakistan began a rescue operation when the weather cooperated Saturday. The Polish climbers thanked the Pakistani helicopter pilots who transported them.
Their expedition to attempt the first winter ascent of K2, the world's second-highest mountain, plans to resume.
_________
Monika Scislowska in Warsaw contributed.
DETROIT (AP) — Well over half of drivers in every age group have texted behind the wheel, run a red light or driven faster than the speed limit in the last 30 days, according to a new study by the AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety.
Young people are the worst offenders. Eighty-eight percent of drivers ages 19 to 24 admitted to texting, speeding or running a red light.
But 10 percent of drivers ages 60 to 74 have texted or sent email on the road, while 37 percent of drivers over 75 said they'd run a red light.
Drivers' behavior sometimes contradicts their instincts. More than three-quarters of drivers say it's unacceptable to text or email while driving, but 31 percent had done so in the last month.
A new study out of UCLA has shown that health disparities between black and white Americans have decreased because overall heart health for white Americans has declined.
Researchers looked at health records 40,876 adults -- white Americans, African-Americans, and Mexican-Americans -- and sorted them as having either “optimal,” “suboptimal” or “poor” cardiovascular health, using a standardized classification system. The study was published in Annals of Internal Medicine.
The researchers noted that between 1988 and 1994, the number of black Americans ages 25 to 44 in "optimal" health was 22 percent lower than in white Americans. For black Americans ages 65 and older, it was 8 percent lower than white Americans in the same period. Those numbers have changed -- but those in good heart health went down for both racial groups, according to the study.
Erik Isakson/Getty Images
Between 2011 and 2014, only 10.6 percent of white Americans and 3.8 percent of black Americans had their heart health rated “optimal.” (The findings from this study, by the way, were not connected to the patient's overall long-term health.)
The conclusion: Cardiovascular health has declined in general in the U.S., and the “gap” between the heart health of different racial groups is smaller, but likely due to poorer scores for white Americans.
The study used a system called LS7 (“Life's Simple 7”) to generate health categories. LS7 uses information from body mass index, blood pressure, total cholesterol, blood sugar, physical activity, diet healthfulness and smoking status, to generate an overall index of heart health.
STOCK/Getty Images
The researchers also studied each racial group over time. They noted that over almost 30 years, no more than 15 percent of black Americans or 40 percent of white Americans were ever in “optimal” cardiovascular health.
The group also analyzed Mexican-Americans, both those born in the United States and those born elsewhere. Regardless of where they were born, no more than 25 percent were considered to be in "optimal" cardiovascular health at any time. However, a smaller analysis of their data showed that foreign-born Mexican-Americans were at lower risk for obesity, high blood pressure, cholesterol and diabetes.
Differences between white Americans and other groups were most pronounced in high body mass index, poor levels of HbA1c (a measure that tracks blood sugar) and physical activity. There were few differences across race/ethnicity for scores on blood pressure, cholesterol, diet and smoking.
"The good news is that the LS7 health factors and behaviors are simple to understand and provide the opportunity for everyone -- patients, providers, payers, policymakers, and public health practitioners -- to take action," wrote George A. Mensah, MD, of the Center for Translation Research and Implementation Science at the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute in Bethesda, Maryland, in an editorial on the study.
Heart disease is America's No. 1 killer, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and this study may allow doctors to further guide their patients into better heart health and overall outcomes.
Dr. John Byun is a radiation oncology resident based at the Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey and a resident in the ABC News Medical Unit.
Former Afghan President Hamid Karzai speaks during an interview with the Associated Press in Kabul, Afghanistan, Monday, April 17, 2017. Karzai said that the U.S. is using Afghanistan as a weapons testing ground, calling the recent use of the largest-ever non-nuclear bomb “an immense atrocity against the Afghan people.” Last week, U.S. forces dropped the GBU-43 Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB) bomb in Nangarhar province, reportedly killing 95 militants. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul)
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Former Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Monday that the U.S. is using Afghanistan as a weapons testing ground, calling the recent use of the largest-ever non-nuclear bomb "an immense atrocity against the Afghan people."
Last week, U.S. forces dropped the GBU-43 Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB) bomb in eastern Nangarhar province, reportedly killing 95 militants. Karzai, in an interview with The Associated Press, objected to the decision, saying that his country "was used very disrespectfully by the U.S. to test its weapons of mass destruction."
The office of President Ashraf Ghani said following the bomb's usage that there was "close coordination" between the U.S. military and the Afghan government over the operation, and they were careful to prevent any civilian casualties.
But Karzai harshly criticized the Afghan government for allowing the use of the bomb.
"How could a government of a country allow the use of a weapon of mass destruction on its own territory? Whatever the reason, whatever the cause, how could they allow that? It is just unimaginable," he said.
The strike was carried out Thursday morning against an Islamic State group tunnel complex, carved into a mountain that Afghan forces had tried to assault repeatedly in recent weeks, according to Afghan officials.
U.S. and Afghan forces have been battling the Taliban for more than 15 years. But the U.S. military unveiled the largest conventional bomb in its arsenal against the Islamic State group, which has a far smaller but growing presence in Afghanistan. U.S. President Donald Trump has publicly vowed to aggressively confront IS.
Trump called the operation a "very, very successful mission" but Karzai had harsh words for the new U.S. leader.
"My message to President Trump today is that he has committed an immense atrocity against the Afghan people, against fellow human beings," he said. "If the American government sees us as human beings, then they have committed a crime against fellow human beings, but if they treat us as less than human beings, well, of course they can do whatever they want."
Karzai added that one of the fundamental reasons that he refused to sign the bilateral security agreement with the United States when he was the president was specifically to prevent such actions.
"I told the people of Afghanistan in the Loya Jirga (Grand Assembly) we must not sign the BSA with the U.S., that we must not give them bases till the day they bring peace to Afghanistan," he said. "Why would the Afghan people want to give the U.S. bases? For what? To continue the war in Afghanistan, to become more insecure, to lose peace forever, to suffer, to receive more bombs, to receive a weapon of mass destruction? Or for security, for peace and for a better life?"
The U.S. National Security Adviser H. R. McMaster met with President Ghani during a visit to Afghanistan on Sunday. According to statement from the office of the president, the pair discussed mutual counterterrorism efforts, security and economic development.
The U.S. estimates 600-800 IS fighters are in Afghanistan, mostly in Nangarhar. American forces have concentrated on fighting them while also supporting Afghan forces against the Taliban. The U.S. has more than 8,000 troops on the ground in Afghanistan, training local forces and conducting counterterrorism operations.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
Chorley skiing star Dave Ryding has targeted 10 more years competing at the top of his sport.
Britain's top slalom skier may have reached the grand old age of 30 at the back end of last year but he believes his best days are still ahead of him.
It is more than a little ironic that a month after celebrating the landmark birthday – an age when most sportsmen are perceived to be past their best – Ryding recorded his best ever result at a World Cup event.
His second place in Kizbuhel in January was the first time a Briton had finished on the podium since Konrad Bartelski finished runner-up in a downhiller in Italy.
Ryding's performance in Austria was no fluke neither as throughout the season he recorded six top-10 results.
It has given him a huge amount of confidence that his prime is still ahead of him and he can be the man who finally breaks Britain's duck and win a World Cup event.
“It's funny one, in most other sports, people are reaching their peak in their late 20s,” said Ryding.
“But alpine skiing is a skill-based sport and it takes so long to learn the skill of skiing and then get your world ranking to a level where you can compete with the good guys.
“The oldest guy in the top 15 this year is 40-years-old and the youngest guy is about 24. I am right in the middle of it I suppose and I'm right in the heat of the battle, so to speak.”
Ryding returned to the place where it all began for him this week when he paid a visit to Pendle Ski Club.
The 100-metre dry slope which is built on a hillside boasting breathtaking views of Clitheroe and the surrounding villages was where he honed his skills as a youngster.
The fact that the Ribble Valley rarely gets snow illustrates just how remarkable Ryding's ascension to the top of the sport is.
The club's head coach Lindsey Allen remembers Ryding as a junior and admits there is an element of surprise to see his rise, purely due to the obstacles that he has had to overcome.
The lack of snow in the UK has meant Ryding has spent most of his professional career playing catch up as the vast majority of his rivals have grown up on the white stuff.
There is also the issue of money for British skiers as the sport is a minority sport and does not receive too much in the way of funding.
However, according to Allen, Ryding never lacked for talent or dedication in his formative years.
Ryding said: “I have obviously received a lot of good coaching and family support when I was younger.
“But I think I have shown a lot of dedication and put a lot of hard work in. More importantly though I have always loved it – it's never felt like a chore.”
Second's best so far for Ryding
HOT ROD Drag Week 2017 had its fair share of excitement as competitors battled it out for the quickest average e.t. over the week-long event, but a lot of the big names we've come to look for simply weren't in contention. With Jeff Lutz only making exhibition passes and Tom Bailey breaking on just the second day of competition, that really left only Dave Schroeder and Joe Barry in the running to take top honors. Next year however, the slim field of ludicrously fast street cars may be a little bit bigger than Drag Week legend Larry Larson plans a return trip for 2018.
Larson has been absent for the past few years of the event, but those who have followed Drag Week since the beginning know how vast his accomplishments in competition have been. Not only was he the first guy to run in the sixes and break the 200mph mark at our event, Larson also won the thing five years in a row! He has pushed the limits of what a street car can do while finishing every Drag Week he has entered.
We called Larry to ask why he's decided next year is the time to reappear on the Drag Week scene, and he said simply because nobody has laid down a 5-second pass and he thinks he can make that happen in his street-legal S-10 Pro Mod. We know getting down into the fives in a vehicle that you're driving from track-to-track isn't easy, and the conditions have to be just right to make it happen, but if anyone can make it happen, it's Larry, and he assured us he would do everything in his power to make it happen.
As of right now, only Larson and Lutz have been able to dip into the fives with their street legal drag cars, but neither of them has managed to do so at a Drag Week event. We think it's safe to say that if Larson does indeed make his return to Drag Week in 2018 that we will be in store for a slug fest as they push their cars to the limit in an attempt to beat out the competition and acquire that elusive five second time slip.
Check out all the details about Larson's Pro Mod S10 here.
NEW YORK (AP) — Sinclair Broadcast Group will sell nine TV stations to Standard Media Group for $441.7 million as part of its plan to meet regulatory approval for its pending $3.9 billion acquisition of Tribune Media.
The sale of the stations is contingent on the Tribune deal closing. Sinclair said it expects that deal to close by the end of the second quarter.
The moves come after Sinclair received widespread attention after news reports earlier in April showed dozens of Sinclair news anchors reading an identical script expressing concern about "one-sided news stories plaguing the country." At the time, President Donald Trump tweeted his support of the network.
The stations include one each in Oklahoma, Michigan, North Carolina, Virginia and Iowa and four in Pennsylvania.
Sinclair owns 193 stations across the country.
Tickets to see the highly anticipated film "Black Panther" are very hard to come by -- even star Lupita Nyong'o couldn't nab opening night tickets and she's starring in it.
So when students at Ron Clark Academy in Atlanta found out they were going to see the film, they erupted into dancing to an instrumental from the "Black Panther" soundtrack in a now-viral video on Twitter.
"They flipped out," Wade King, the school's director of curriculum and instruction, told ABC News. "It was like an explosion of just pure joy."
King got the honor of telling the students Friday in their weekly school-wide meeting after he and fellow teacher Susan Barnes came up with the idea to marry the upcoming Marvel film with curriculum.
Students at Ron Clark will use the comic books to learn about imperial history, and African art. They'll even be using "Black Panther" in their math, science and gym curriculum, King said.
Before the kids found out their big surprise Friday, a few eighth-grade students opened their 30-minute meeting with an African-inspired spoken-word performance.
Some of our Ya'heard poets from RCA setting the tone for our Black Panther integration! @ArauzingInk #ronclarkacademy #blackpanther pic.twitter.com/N1Obb588Jj — Wade King (@WadeKing7) February 2, 2018
Now they're even more excited to learn about "Black Panther" in their curriculum, King said.
"Everyone was super excited. It was just very emotional," he added. "It was awesome just seeing them super excited about it."
Marvel, like ABC News, is owned by the Disney Company.
Take it straight from a major fossil fuel supplier: The world's energy mix is changing, and it's shifting toward lower-carbon fuels.
BP, the British oil and gas giant, said global efforts to slash greenhouse gas emissions and boost efficiency are having a tangible effect on global energy markets, with two main narratives playing out: the decline of coal, and the rapid rise of wind and solar power.
SEE ALSO: Apple is investing $1 billion in clean energy with this unique approach
This week, BP released its Statistical Review of World Energy on 2016 data. For 66 years, this annual report has served as an energy industry statistical bible of sorts, painting the broad picture of global energy development.
In an opening letter, BP CEO Bob Dudley stressed the need to "keep our focus and efforts on reducing carbon emissions."
He also voiced support for the Paris Climate Agreement, an international pact that commits nearly all countries to fighting global warming. This puts BP in opposition to President Donald Trump, who on June 1 announced he would withdraw the U.S. from the agreement.
Here are some of the biggest takeaways from BP's annual report:
Renewable energy is the "leading light of the energy transition"
View photos
Image: BP statistical review of world energy
Renewable power generation grew by 14.1 percent last year, according to BP, which doesn't include hydropower in this group. While that's slightly below the 10-year average, it's the still the largest annual addition yet.
Solar power in particular jumped 29.6 percent, while wind power grew by 15.6 percent.
Renewables' share of the global energy mix is still fairly small — about 3.2 percent — but last year's strong growth meant that solar, wind, and other sources accounted for nearly one-third of the increase in energy supplies.
View photos
Image: BP statistical review of world energy
China was the biggest force in this sector. The world's most populous country and top greenhouse gas emitter contributed more than 40 percent of global renewable energy growth in 2016, which helped it surpass the United States as the largest renewable power producer.
The U.S. isn't likely to reclaim the top spot anytime soon. China is vowing to invest $361 billion in renewables by 2020, yet the Trump administration is doubling down on fossil fuel production, all while criticizing China for not doing enough to control its emissions.
Travellers from across the UK and Ireland came together for the funeral of TV personality Paddy Doherty's father.
Hundreds of mourners joined the Big Fat Gypsy Wedding and Big Brother star to say goodbye to Simon Doherty, remembered as the "father of all travellers".
Roisin Mullins paying tribute to Simon Doherty, the father of My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star Paddy Doherty, during his funeral at St Michael's Catholic Church in Ashtead, Surrey.
Friends and family attended a service at St Michael's Church in Ashtead, Surrey on Monday.
More than a dozen silver Rolls Royces, each bearing the Irish tricolour, lined up outside the church.
Mr Doherty's coffin was emblazoned with the colours of the Irish flag and the message: "Simon Doherty - Blacksmith, King of all Doherty's".
"He was like mafia in his own way, not in a bad way - any trouble they would go to him," the 58-year-old former bare knuckle fighter said.
Funeral of Simon Doherty. Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
"He was like the godfather - what he said was law.
"He said I want no one crying at my funeral, I want them happy, singing and get them drunk."
He sat with his hand resting on his father's coffin throughout the service and tributes, which included video footage of Mr Doherty in a horse race and a group of Irish dancers.
"He wasn't an average man - he was outstanding, a great man," he added.
Funeral of Simon Doherty. Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
"Everything had to be five stars for him, he lived the best and was the best.
"My poor mother - her heart is devastated, her heart is broken.
"I'm so grateful how many people have turned out - we just want everything to go well, everything has to be tremendous and over the top."
Close family members wore red ties, Mr Doherty's favourite colour, which they threw into his grave at St Mary's Catholic Cemetery at Kensal Green, north London.
Funeral of Simon Doherty. Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
The coffin was driven to the cemetery in a horse and carriage and carried up a red carpet to the sound of bagpipes.
Floral tributes were laid at the grave in the shape of an Irish shamrock, horseshoes, bottles of whisky, pint of Guinness and a Rolls-Royce.
A bunch of green shamrock balloons and six white doves were released into the air as laments were sung at the graveside.
Mr Doherty, known as Simey, had 15 children and more than 150 grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
The great-grandfather, who was in his 80s, died in hospital in Epsom last week surrounded by his family after battling an ongoing illness.
Funeral of Simon Doherty. Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
Funeral of Simon Doherty. Picture by Yui Mok/PA Wire
DETROIT — Campaign season is about to begin, on both sides of the Pacific.
Major league baseball released the All-Star ballot on Wednesday, with voting beginning on MLB's official websites at 9 a.m. PT on Friday.
Mike Trout, who is perhaps having his best season, is a lock to be voted in by fans as a starter. It would be his seventh All-Star Game in seven full seasons, although he was injured and didn't attend last year.
The two most intriguing Angels on the ballot, though, are Shohei Ohtani and Andrelton Simmons.
Ohtani is listed as a designated hitter because pitchers are not on the ballot. They are selected by the player vote, with major league baseball then filling out the last few spots.
At least two players from each position, and at least six outfielders, will make the team, with starters voted by fans and one backup from the player vote.
Of the players on the DH ballot, J.D. Martinez (.322 with a major-league best 18 homers) is clearly having the best offensive season. Ohtani (.291 with six homers and a .929 OPS) has arguably been the second best.
Ohtani's main competition will probably come from Giancarlo Stanton, who is on the ballot as a DH. Stanton was hitting .246 with 11 homers and an .800 OPS heading into Wednesday's game. He is also a New York Yankee, which means he will garner votes from their considerable fan base.
Although the players won't consider Stanton's Yankee uniform, they might put value on the fact that he plays every day, while Ohtani splits his time between hitting and pitching.
It's also possible that Ohtani could make the team as a pitcher. It's even possible he could do both.
“He's a special player,” Manager Mike Scioscia said. “There is no doubt he's contributing to our team at a high level. The way the All-Star team is picked, it's kind of a little spotty. Sometimes you can't tell. I know it would be a great honor. A lot of guys on our team are having great years and certainly, Shohei is one of them.”
As for Simmons, he has been having a career season, hitting .337 with an .885 OPS prior to Wednesday's game, along with Gold Glove defense.
Manny Machado was hitting .322 with 15 homers, 44 RBIs and a .994 OPS. Francisco Lindor (.298, 12 homers, .915 OPS) and Carlos Correa (.267, eight homers, .812 OPS) will also figure into the competition.
“There are a lot of good shortstops in the American League,” Simmons said. “I can only do what I can do. I'm glad it's a thought in people's minds, but whatever comes my way I'll be happy. Four days off sound great also. It's a win-win if I do make it or don't.”
ALSO
A day after Matt Shoemaker underwent forearm surgery, Scioscia said he feels encouraged that there was some clarity to his injury. “They went in and found something they feel was the cause of what he was feeling, which is a positive,” Scioscia said. “It's not an enigma anymore. As far as when he's going to be back, we're going to have to play it by ear. The medical staff will outline a couple things and we'll see how it feels.” General Manager Billy Eppler said Shoemaker is expected to begin a throwing progression in six weeks, so there's a chance he will pitch again this season. … Zack Cozart was a late scratch from the lineup because of left forearm tightness. There was no immediate word on the severity.
UP NEXT
Angels (Andrew Heaney, 2-3, 3.09) at Tigers (Ryan Carpenter, 3-2, 3.90), Thursday, 10 a.m., Fox Sports West, KLAA (830 AM)
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A group of Port Authority police officers are being hailed as heroes after they apprehended a man suspected of detonating a crude improvised device underground near the Port Authority Bus Terminal during the morning rush.
The homemade bomb prematurely exploded around 7:19 a.m. Monday in a pedestrian walkway near 42nd Street and 8th Avenue.
Four Port Authority police officers were the first on the scene.
EXTRAS: Traffic/Transit Changes | Videos | Photos
When he spotted people running out of the passageway, Officer Anthony Manferdini started heading in. He was joined by fellow officers Jack Collins, Sean Gallagher and Drew Preston.
GREAT JOB PAPD TAKING DOWN SUBWAY BOMBING SUSPECT. THANK YOU POs JACK COLLINS, SEAN GALLAGHER, DREW PRESTON, ANTHONY MANFERDINI. — PAPD (@PAPD911) December 11, 2017
Bobby Egbert, spokesperson for the Port Authority Police Benevolent Association, said when the officers arrived on the scene they saw 27-year-old Akayed Ullah on the ground with wires coming from his jacket to his hand and his midsection smoldering.
“The person on the floor was reaching for his cell phone. The officers at that point had to make a decision so no one else would be hurt and they decided at that point to take the person into custody,” Egbert told 1010 WINS. “There was a struggle with him, they had to keep him from reaching the cell phone, obviously they had no idea what he was going to do with the cell phone.”
GREAT JOB PAPD TAKING DOWN SUBWAY BOMBING SUSPECT. THANK YOU PORT AUTHORITY POLICE OFFICERS JACK COLLINS, SEAN GALLAGHER, DREW PRESTON, ANTHONY MANFERDINI. #PAPD: HIGHLY TRAINED, HISTORICALLY PROVEN, TRUE BLUE. A post shared by Port Authority PBA (@portauthoritypba) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:37am PST
Three of the officers have military background.
Gallagher is a former Marine, Preston was in the Army and did three tours in Iraq, Manferdini is a former Marine and bomb technician.
“You couldn't have had better people on the scene,” Egbert said.
Ullah and at least three others were hurt in what Mayor Bill de Blasio called an “attempted terrorist attack.”
Ullah is in custody at NYC Health + Hospitals/Bellevue.
iStockphoto
On Five Apps, we've talked about getting on the road before, both for travel and for work. But with the holidays on the way, Americans will be getting on the road for the longest trip they take all year behind the wheel. So, in a bit of a change of pace, we're helping you put together an app toolkit to find your way, keep from getting stranded, solve problems if you do, and keep the Christmas spirit all the way to wherever you may celebrate.
Navigation
Recommended Apps: Google Maps and Waze
When you're on the road, it helps to have a map and to know traffic. So if you're stuck traveling to a new place, do yourself a favor and download the offline version of a map of the area on Google Maps, and use Waze to navigate unfamiliar traffic patterns.
Fuel
The city also looks beautiful covered in #snow .. and so do I .. #NewYork #Manhattan #CentralPark #ChristmasTrip A post shared by Emil Schaarup (@emil_schaarup) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:48am PST
Recommended App: Gas Buddy
Gas prices are always rough in the winter, and your heater will eat through more fossil fuels than you'd prefer. So, use Gas Buddy to track prices and find stations, so you get gassed up and never wind up stranded.
Food
Recommended Apps: Yelp and Trip
Yelp will help you find a nice restaurant in the strange new city your family insisted on going to for the holidays, while Trip will help you track down food on the road or near your hotel.
The following cases have been dealt with at Sunderland Magistrates' Court.
Robert Waterstreet, 37, of Hadrian Street, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to using threatening or abusive words or behaviour on February 3. He was fined £50 and was told to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £30 and costs of £50.
John Weatherald, 47, of Murton Street, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to stealing an electric toothbrush to the value of £30 from Wilkos on May 4. He was fined £85 and was told to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £30 and costs of £85.
Gary Bainbridge, 40, of Ringwood Road, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to damaging a car park security barrier to the value of £4,000, belonging to the Inland Revenue, on December 13, 2016. He was fined £100 and told to pay compensation of £100 and costs of £100.
Stephen Hansford, 28, of Gillingham Road, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to driving on the A1231 eastbound, on May 17, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in his breath was 65 microgrammes in 100ml of breath – the legal limit being 35. He was fined £270 and was told to pay a surcharge of £30 and costs of £85. He was disqualified from holding or obtaining a driving licence for 18 months.
Peter Ward, 27, of Lumley Street, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to stealing two fragrances to the value of £118.50 from Debenhams, on January 10. He was fined £133 and was told to pay a surcharge of £30 and costs of £85.
David Hann, 51, of St Lucia Close, Hendon, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in Vine Place, on May 19. He was fined £60 and was told to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £30 and costs of £85.
Lilian Self, 51, of Runcorn, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to stealing clothing and food items to the value of £30 from Marks and Spencer, on May 18. She was fined £40 and was told to pay a surcharge of £30 and costs of £85.
In the wake of one of United Airlines' biggest PR fiascoes — a video of a bloodied passenger yanked from his seat that quickly went viral — other United customers are complaining about alleged mistreatment by the airline.
Two people from Utah en route to their wedding on Saturday told ABC affiliate KHOU that United kicked them off a flight to Costa Rica after they moved up a few rows to avoid disturbing a man they said was sleeping in their assigned seats. The couple, Michael Hohl and Amber Maxwell, said the incident took place on United Airlines Flight 1737 between Houston and Liberia, Costa Rica.
"They said it was not their problem. Their words exactly — not their problem," Hohl said. "Life goes on, but the way United handled this was absolutely absurd."
According to Hohl and a statement United provided to ABC News, the incident began when the two, who purchased seats in economy class, moved to upgraded seating. The two moved from a standard row in the economy cabin to economy-plus seats, which have a few extra inches of legroom. What happened when crew members noticed that the two had changed their seats is a matter of dispute.
Hohl said he and his fiancee offered to pay for the upgraded seating. United said the passengers were "offered the opportunity to pay the difference in fare" but "declined" to do so.
He said the two eventually moved back to their assigned row, while the airline contends they refused to follow crew member instructions to return to the seats they purchased.
Hohl said they were escorted off the aircraft by federal air marshals, but United and the TSA, which runs the air marshal service, denies that marshals or any other law enforcement personnel were involved.
"We're disappointed anytime a customer has an experience that doesn't measure up to their expectations," United said in a statement. The airline added that it offered Hohl and Maxwell a discounted hotel rate and rebooked them on a flight the next day.
Hohl warned, "They're going to start losing money if they keep treating their patrons like this."
The high-profile video of David Dao, the passenger bumped off the flight and dragged down the aisle last week — as well as other incidents that have come to light since then — have struck a chord with consumers. In the immediate aftermath of the Dao video, United stock dipped.
In a statement on Monday, United CEO Oscar Munoz called the Dao incident "a humbling experience" and said it would "prove to be a watershed moment" for the company.
The incident puts the airline in a particularly precarious position when it comes to dealing with aggrieved passengers.
Immediately dismissing customers' concerns could put United at risk of being called tone-deaf — an accusation leveled against Munoz after he initially defended his employees and accused Dao of being "disruptive and belligerent."
(He later said on ABC's "Good Morning America" that his initial response failed to communicate "what we were feeling ... shame and embarrassment." He apologized publicly to Dao, saying, "No one should be treated that way, period.")
However, as ABC's legal analyst Dan Abrams pointed out, quickly settling lawsuits with passengers could encourage more of them.
The deal will further expand Permobil's offering in the seating and positioning market in the U.S. and Canada, company officials said.
“We see tremendous potential in custom seating to improve health outcomes and achieve clinical objectives for individuals with complex needs,” said Tom Borcherding, president of Permobil seating and positioning.
Complementing the deal, Permobil has recently established a dedicated and clinically focused sales team in the U.S. to better support its seating and positioning business.
Permobil expects the deal to close by the end of the month.
This is the third acquisition Permobil has made in the seating and positioning market in the past few years. Most recently, in October, the company announced it acquired Bozeman, Montana-based Comfort Co.. In 2015, Permobil acquired Belleville, Illinois-based The ROHO Group.
LAS VEGAS (CBSNewYork/AP) — All the speculation is over: Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor will indeed fight.
Now cue the hype machine.
Mayweather announced Wednesday that he will come out of retirement to face McGregor, the UFC star, on Aug. 26 at T-Mobile Arena is Las Vegas.
Mayweather, who retired in September 2015 after winning all 49 of his pro fights, will face a mixed martial arts fighter who has never been in a scheduled 12-round fight. The fight that will take place in a boxing ring and be governed by boxing rules.
“It's official,” Mayweather said on his Instagram account next to a video poster of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted several minutes earlier, posting a picture of himself next to one of Mayweather's father, Floyd Sr.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
Mayweather will fight at the relatively advanced age of 40 in a bout that McGregor has been pushing for months. It finally came together over the last few days, and Nevada boxing officials on Wednesday approved the date for a Mayweather Promotions bout.
Though Las Vegas oddsmakers have made Mayweather a heavy 10-1 favorite, the thought of the fight has excited many in the MMA world. It has also intrigued some in boxing, though most dismiss McGregor's chances under boxing rules against one of the greatest defensive fighters in history.
Even if the actual bout may not shape up as a great matchup, the run-up to the fight will. Both fighters are noted for their ability to sell their fights, and both have exchanged in trash talking and more to promote their bouts.
The fight will be televised on pay-per-view on Showtime and would likely gross tens of millions of dollars. It comes less than a month before Gennady Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez meet in a highly anticipated fight that could rival it for pay-per-view buys.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
An overview of the Gosple of John speaker: Michael Hardt ID: mh008 Language: english bible references: John place: Catford date: 01.03.2003 date published: 13.06.2017 download sermon duration part 1
save high quality (48.5 mb, 128 kbps) 00:50:31
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork/AP) — Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not.
They say his request for more time was denied.
Prosecutors declined to comment.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. Dozens more women have accused him of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
The 66-year-old former movie mogul has consistently denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Anton Forsberg made 42 saves, Vinnie Hinostroza had a goal and an assist, and the Chicago Blackhawks beat the Nashville Predators 2-1 on Tuesday night.
Last-place Chicago, which needs a big finish to get into the playoffs, returned from the All-Star break with its second straight win. David Kampf also scored for the Blackhawks.
Kyle Turris had Nashville's only goal and Juuse Saros made 29 saves. The Predators lost in regulation for the first time since Jan. 2.
Kampf got the lead for the Blackhawks at 3:03 of the first.
On the right boards, Tomas Jurco knocked down an attempted clear by Saros and kicked the puck toward Hinostroza in the right circle. Hinostroza poked the puck off Nashville defenseman Roman Josi, and Kampf beat Saros with a wrist shot high to the glove side.
Turris tied it with his ninth goal 2:12 into the second.
Craig Smith forced a turnover by Forsberg behind the Chicago net. Smith passed to Scott Hartnell below the goal line, and he fed Turris all alone in the slot for his first goal since Dec. 29.
Hinostroza got the eventual game-winner at 14:33 of the second.
Nick Schmaltz carried the puck into the Nashville zone on the right side and sent a pass to Hinostroza at the top of the right faceoff circle. Aided by a screen from Predators defenseman Matt Irwin, Hinostroza fired a one-timer by Saros on the far side.
Forsberg denied Calle Jarnkrok from the low slot with 1:30 remaining to preserve the win for Chicago.
NOTES: Nashville RW Miikka Salomaki played his 100th career NHL game. ... The Predators are 0-10-2 when trailing after two periods this season. ... Hinostroza has points in three consecutive games. ... All four games in this season's series between the teams have been decided by one goal, with each team winning two games.
UP NEXT
Blackhawks: At Vancouver on Thursday.
Predators: Host Los Angeles on Thursday.
A Samsung representative confirmed today via Twitter that the company has blocked the ability for users to remap the Bixby hardware button on the Galaxy S8. For soon-to-be Galaxy S8 owners, the news will come as a disappointment, especially since the Bixby voice assistant in English has been delayed and will not be fully functional when units starting shipping later this week. ZDNet reports:
Ann Morgan, a director in the Reno law office of Fennemore Craig, has been selected to serve as vice chairman of the Legal Affairs Steering Committee for Airports Council International-North America (ACI-NA).
Morgan serves the Reno-Tahoe Airport Authority and other private individuals and physicians groups in a general counsel capacity, with an emphasis on employment law.
ACI-NA provides airport attorneys a platform to share and discuss information about new developments in case law, statutes and regulations affecting airports as well as monitor pending airport litigation.
Following the mogul blueprint set by LeBron James, Steph Curry is entering the Hollywood arena. On Monday, Sony Pictures Entertainment announced he has signed a development deal for TV, movies and potentially gaming and virtual-reality projects.
Curry's got his own media company now — Unanimous Media, where he'll be both CEO and chief creative officer — and will be working on projects across the entertainment space. Not just film and TV, but also “partnerships, electronics, gaming and virtual reality.” The name Unanimous Media came about from Curry winning his unanimous league MVP award back in 2016.
Curry's films and TV projects will focus on “family, faith-based and sports storytelling,” according to a statement. “Unanimous Media will further expand Curry's vision to create and disseminate inspirational and authentic stories to the world.”
A dollar figure was not disclosed, but Sony said the multiyear media deal was the biggest ever for an athlete. Last summer, Curry signed the richest contract in NBA history, for $201 million over five years. Not bad for Dell Curry‘s baby boy.
Currently, Curry is recovering from a sprained ankle and hopes to rejoin the team in the second round of the NBA playoffs. The Warriors hold a 3-1 lead over the San Antonio Spurs in their first-round series.
By Capt. Larry Conley
If you're new to fishing out of the Fort Myers, Fla. area, it can be very technical. It can also be very good.
Knowing water depths for a certain fish can help you. Grouper typically reside in the 70- to 120-foot depths, and it changes with the water temps and the time of year. Red snapper will be in depths of 140 feet or more. Lane snapper are great table fare and can be found in 40 to 50 feet or deeper. This year we've caught more and bigger lanes than I have seen in eight years.
Look for hard bottom areas; learn to use your sonar. If it works as you're running it helps a lot. Watch your screen continuously as you get past 40 feet of water. I'm not going give out a bunch of numbers, but if you watch the sonar you're going to find a lot of lane snapper in 45 to 65 feet of water. As you're running out, watch for rocky ledges, as they will hold mangrove snapper, gag grouper and white grunts. If I spot a new area as I'm running, I'll mark it on the GPS and label it “RO.” I'll know it as a run over. If it looks really good, like a bunch of lanes, I sometimes label it “WOW.” That way I know to look for lanes on a future trip. As I get in 40 feet or so, I'll watch the radar and sonar more than out in front of the boat, and that's how I've found many new spots. I might not fish them for months out, and I'll delete the ones that don't produce.
As for bait, squid, threadfin and herring are the best and cheapest. Live shrimp work, but it's one bite and the shrimp is gone, which adds up. Chum with cut threadfin. Cut them small, as you don't want to fill the fish up. Just give them a taste to get them interested.
A few of the best spots I've found are “potholes.” I found them by going slowly from one spot to another, watching the bottom machine. In 74 feet of water, I saw the bottom drop just 2 feet and then come back up after 20 yards to form a pothole. I saw what looked like one fish. One more red grouper was more than I had at the time, so I anchored. It took a few minutes, but the bottom came alive and we caught 15 keeper red grouper! That pothole was one of the best places I ever found. So, I continued looking for places that seemed the same and found about a dozen of these potholes.
I keep records of the keepers for each spot on the GPS, and I can't tell you enough how important those records are. When it gets tough, go to the high-numbered spots.
Capt. Larry Conley and Reel-Ality Sportfishing offers inshore, offshore, and deep-sea fishing out of Fort Myers. The Reel-Ality offers various trips as well as tournament charters and is licensed to carry up to 6 passengers. Call 239-980-3880, visit www.reelalitysportfishing.com/contact.html, and check them out on Facebook.
The 59-year-old has been nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance in The Darkest Hour.
Gary Oldman has told of his pride after Winston Churchill's great-grandson addressed him as “great-grandpapa” following his portrayal of the former prime minister.
The actor, 59, spoke as he walked the red carpet in London at the premiere of historical drama The Darkest Hour.
Oldman – who has just been nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance in the historical drama – said: “I guess the slight fear I had going in was not only had he been played by so many wonderful actors before, but he is truly an iconic figure, mythologised, and you wonder whether you can find the man behind the marble and the bronze as it were.
“We got the nod from the family – we had a set visit and 17 of the Churchills came to visit, and about a week-and-a-half ago we were on the Queen Mary, as they have a Churchill exhibit and part of our set is on display there.
“Randolph Churchill, the great-grandson, addressed me as great-grandpapa and had wonderful things to say about the film and the portrayal, so it's a nice feeling.”
View photos Gary Oldman and Kristin Scott Thomas (Ian West/PA) More
He said of his Golden Globe nomination in the best actor category: “No, I never expected it!”
Oldman was joined at the premiere in Leicester Square by his co-stars, including Kristin Scott Thomas and Lily James.
James said working with Oldman was “a great experience”.
View photos Lily James (Ian West/PA) More
She added: “I think it's fascinating right now with everything that is going on in the world to do a film about a leader that was so sort of, at least in this instance, so strong and powerful and stood up to oppression and hatred.
“We could do with some more of that probably. But in this instance yes, how a great leader really can lead and unite a country for the better. We don't really have that at the moment.”
This is a gauntlet that Indiana would rather not face.
The Hoosiers (12-11, 5-6 Big Ten) are playing their third ranked opponent this week when it hosts No. 5 Michigan State on Saturday night in Bloomington, Ind.
Indiana lost to No. 3 Purdue 74-67 on Sunday in Bloomington and then was beaten 71-56 by No. 17 Ohio State on Tuesday night.
"When you're at game five in 12 days, it's difficult," said Indiana coach Archie Miller, whose team has lost three in a row. "Every coach just has to absorb the ups and downs.
"For us, we just have to get back on our feet, clean some things up, and get ready for a very difficult game against Michigan State. Michigan State presents a heck of a challenge. The first time we played them, we caught them playing as well as they have all season."
The Spartans (21-3, 9-2) have won five in a row, starting with an 85-57 romp over Indiana on Jan. 19.
"The physicality, the speed and the toughness they play with was all on display," Miller said. "We're going to have to be a lot better in a lot of areas. Hopefully, we'll have an energized building that helps our guys compete.
"We're going to have prepared mentally and physically and get up for one of the best teams in the country."
Miller said there is little drop-off when the Spartans sub.
"You could make an argument that their starting five is one of the most talented starting fives in college basketball," Miller said.
Michigan State started slowly in a 76-68 victory over Penn State on Wednesday night. The Nittany Lions led 26-16 with 2:48 left in the first half before the Spartans narrowed the halftime margin to four points.
"The biggest thing for us is we have to come out and start better," Michigan State sophomore Joshua Langford said. "We figured out what we had to get better at and that's what we did. We won this game at the defensive end, hands down."
Young women across the county are getting ready to compete in this year's Miss Lancashire.
As part of their role, each competitor is asked to organise fund-raising events for the chosen charity - Variety, which supports children who are disabled, sick or disadvantaged.
Jasmine Schofield taking part in the safe drive campaign
Jasmine Schofield, 17, of Euxton, who is a Lancashire police cadet, has taken part in a demonstration with Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service as part of a safe drive campaign.
She said: “I took part in this to warn young drivers about the risks of driving dangerously.
“This really hit home for me as I am a young driver. It showed how easy it is to just go a bit over the speed limit.”
She is also hosting a coffee afternoon at Euxton Parish Community Centre, School Lane, on Saturday October 14 from 2pm until 4pm. There will be cakes, coffee, a bouncy castle and face painting.
Entry is £1.50 and under sevens are free.
Jasmine is also holding a charity golf tournament with her dad, Lee Schofield.
UCLan student Katie Littlewood is hosting a charity night at the Excelsior in Blackpool on October 25 from 7pm until 11pm.
She has also organised make-up sessions an sponsored walk.
Shanade Charles
The 19-year-old, who attended St George's Church of England High School said: “Throughout high school I was quite badly bullied and put down for my appearance, as I was a larger girl.
“This hugely knocked my confidence, meaning I was quite lonely in my teenage years and didn't really begin to come out of my shell until I started sixth form. “Although the majority of the bullying was verbal, as I was called names such as ‘fat', ‘pregnant' and ‘ugly' sometimes this would lead to violence.
“I do not blame the school or anyone else for this as I decided to never really speak about it until now.
“As a result of this I instead turned to education and luckily passed both high school and college with amazing grades.
“I am delighted to say I am now in my second year at university studying English literature and creative writing, chasing my dream to become a primary school teacher.
“I also work part time as a support worker and often volunteer at my local youth club.
“I can't believe that despite being called words such as ‘ugly' I have proven everyone now by going from bully victim to beauty queen as I am in the finals of Miss Lancashire.
“My main aims are to show that if you have inner beauty and a good heart, this will also shine through on the outside.
“I am a strong anti-bullying ambassador and want to be a role model to anyone out there who doesn't feel as though they're good enough because if I can come this far so can anyone.”
Shanade Charles, 18, of Preston, is asking people to wear red from October 23 to 27 and donate to http://www.gofundme.com/shanade-red-day2017.
Miss Lancashire final is at Preston Guild Hall on November 3.
The winner of Miss Lancashire will, amongst other prizes, win a place in Miss England where she will have a chance to go onto Miss World.
For other Miss Lancashire/Miss Preston stories click here /my-title-gives-me-the-chance-to-help-others-1-8784115 and /miss-preston-niamh-taylor-into-miss-england-final-1-8582323
Getty Image
The NBA Draft's early entry deadline is now in the rearview mirror. While that doesn't mean that the field of draft-eligible players is completely finalized, there is more clarity surrounding the 2018 crop than ever before and full-fledged NBA Draft season is here.
Of course, the complete picture of the draft cannot take shape until the lottery on May 15 but, until then, time exists to catch up on who is in the draft (at least for now) and one highly intriguing prospect is Texas Tech swingman Zhaire Smith. From a casual observer's perspective, Smith's NBA Draft resume does not jump off the page, simply because he averaged only 11.3 points and 5.0 rebounds per game in a supporting role during his one year in Lubbock. Still, whispers are increasing that Smith could sneak into the lottery in late June and a deeper look backs up that notion as legitimate.
To put it plainly, Smith is an off-the-charts athlete. At 6'5 with a 6'10 wingspan, the freshman wing is more than capable of switching effectively on the defensive end and, at this moment, Smith is far more advanced as a defensive prospect than he is on the other end. His length and vertical athleticism play up in a big way whenever monitoring Smith on the defensive side of the ball and his motor was impressive during a relatively small sample at Texas Tech.
Of course, fans wouldn't be electrified by a player with that simple make-up and Smith does bring a ton of offensive potential to the table. He is underdeveloped as a creator right now, largely due to ball-handling issues, but Smith clearly plays with a high basketball IQ, operating effectively off the ball and placing himself in the best possible position.
His “make or break” tool will arrive with the jumper and that has to be said. Smith did make 45 percent of his threes at the college level but that percentage came in only 40 attempts and, well, no one believes that he is already “there” as a shooter. His shooting form is encouraging, though, and Smith's defensive and athletic tools provide a higher floor than many players with his relative offensive question marks.
It is exceedingly likely that the team drafting Zhaire Smith in the first round in June will not receive a complete and utter “star” on the offensive end of the floor. What that organization will land, however, is a tantalizing prospect with two-way potential at a position of great need at the NBA level and that combination appears to be resulting in a solid, mid-first round projection at this juncture.
Where does Smith land in this edition of our 2018 NBA mock draft? Let's explore.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Kevin Fiala scored twice and Pekka Rinne stopped 20 shots to lead the Nashville Predators to a 5-2 win over the struggling New York Rangers on Saturday night.
P.K. Subban, Colton Sissons and Viktor Arvidsson also scored to help Nashville improve to 8-1-1 in its last 10 games.
Rinne has allowed only two goals in his last three games, including shutouts in his previous two outings. He had the Predators' second-longest shutout streak in franchise history at 171:47 before finally allowing a goal early in the third period.
J.T. Miller and Mika Zibanjejad scored for New York, which had just eight shots on goal through two periods, and Henrik Lubqvist finished with 22 saves. The Rangers lost for the fifth time in six games.
Nashville struck first when Subban fired a one-timer from the far side of the right faceoff circle past Lundqvist 19 seconds into the second period. The All-Star defenseman has 11 points in the last 10 games.
New York's Peter Holland scored on a backhander that would have tied it at 10:14 of the second, but it was waved off when a replay showed Michael Grabner's right skate was offside on the rush into Nashville's zone.
Fiala's 14th goal of the season, a wrist shot from the low slot that beat Lundqvist low to the glove side, increased the Predators' lead to 2-0 with 2 1/2 mimnutes left in the middle period.
New York cut Nashville's lead in half on Miller's power-play goal 21 seconds into the third when his redirected shot got past Rinne.
Nashville went up 3-1 at 2:36 when Sissons tipped in a shot from in front of the crease.
New York pulled wihin one again on Zibanejad's goal with 5:25 left in the third, but Arvidsson restored the Predators' two-goal lead just 16 seconds later with his 17th.
Fiala capped the scoring on a power-play empty-netter with 2:04 left.
Rangers players Marc Staal and Jimmy Vesey went to the locker room for evaluations after being checked hard during a 24-second span midway through the second period. Nashville's Alexi Emelin hit Staal into the boards behind Rinne at 9:48 and then Ryan Johannsen sent Vesey to the ice with a hit near Lundqvist.
NOTES: Nashville finished a stretch of eight home in nine contests. … The Predators have been completely healthy for the first time all season in the past two games. … LW Cody McLeod was back in Nashville just nine days after he was claimed off waivers by the Rangers on Jan. 25. … The Predators recorded their 87th straight sellout (17,543).
UP NEXT
Rangers: At Dallas on Monday.
Predators: At New York Islanders on Monday.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The Hajime malware is competing with the Mirai malware to enslave some IoT devices
Mirai -- a notorious malware that's been enslaving IoT devices -- has competition.
A rival piece of programming has been infecting some of the same easy-to-hack internet-of-things products, with a resiliency that surpasses Mirai, according to security researchers.
"You can almost call it Mirai on steroids," said Marshal Webb, CTO at BackConnect, a provider of services to protect against distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks.
Security researchers have dubbed the rival IoT malware Hajime, and since it was discovered more than six months ago, it's been spreading unabated and creating a botnet. Webb estimates it's infected about 100,000 devices across the globe.
These botnets, or networks of enslaved computers, can be problematic. They're often used to launch massive DDoS attacks that can take down websites or even disrupt the internet's infrastructure.
That's how the Mirai malware grabbed headlines last October. A DDoS attack from a Mirai-created botnet targeted DNS provider Dyn, which shut down and slowed internet traffic across the U.S.
Hajime was first discovered in the same month, when security researchers at Rapidity Networks were on the lookout for Mirai activity. What they found instead was something similar, but also more tenacious.
Like Mirai, Hajime also scans the internet for poorly secured IoT devices like cameras, DVRs, and routers. It compromises them by trying different username and password combinations and then transferring a malicious program.
However, Hajime doesn't take orders from a command-and-control server like Mirai-infected devices do. Instead, it communicates over a peer-to-peer network built off protocols used in BitTorrent, resulting in a botnet that's more decentralized -- and harder to stop.
"Hajime is much, much more advanced than Mirai," Webb said. "It has a more effective way to do command and control."
Broadband providers have been chipping away at Mirai-created botnets, by blocking internet traffic to the command servers they communicate with. In the meantime, Hajime has continued to grow 24/7, enslaving some of the same devices. Its peer-to-peer nature means many of the infected devices can relay files or instructions to rest of the botnet, making it more resilient against any blocking efforts.
Vesselin Bontchev Hajime infection attempts (blue) vs Mirai infection attempts (red), according to a honeypot from security researcher Vesselin Bontchev.
Who's behind Hajime? Security researchers aren't sure. Strangely, they haven't observed the Hajime botnet launching any DDoS attacks -- which is good news. A botnet of Hajime's scope is probably capable of launching a massive one similar to what Mirai has done.
"There's been no attribution. Nobody has claimed it," said Pascal Geenens, a security researcher at security vendor Radware.
However, Hajime does continue to search the internet for vulnerable devices. Geenens' own honeypot, a system that tracks botnet activity, has been inundated with infection attempts from Hajime-controlled devices, he said.
So the ultimate purpose of this botnet remains unknown. But one scenario is it'll be used for cybercrime to launch DDoS attacks for extortion purposes or to engage in financial fraud.
"It's a big threat forming," Geenens said. "At some point, it can be used for something dangerous."
It's also possible Hajime might be a research project. Or in a possible twist, maybe it's a vigilante security expert out to disrupt Mirai.
So far, Hajime appears to be more widespread than Mirai, said Vesselin Bontchev, a security expert at Bulgaria's National Laboratory of Computer Virology.
However, there's another key difference between the two malware. Hajime has been found infecting a smaller pool of IoT devices using ARM chip architecture.
That contrasts from Mirai, which saw its source code publicly released in late September. Since then, copycat hackers have taken the code and upgraded the malware. Vesselin has found Mirai strains infecting IoT products that use ARM, MIPS, x86, and six other platforms.
That means the clash between the two malware doesn't completely overlap. Nevertheless, Hajime has stifled some of Mirai's expansion.
"There's definitely an ongoing territorial conflict," said Allison Nixon, director of security research at Flashpoint.
To stop the malware, security researchers say it's best to tackle the problem at its root, by patching the vulnerable IoT devices. But that will take time and, in other cases, it might not even be possible. Some IoT vendors have released security patches for their products to prevent malware infections, but many others have not, Nixon said.
That means Hajime and Mirai will probably stick around for a long time, unless those devices are retired.
"It will keep going," Nixon said. "Even if there's a power outage, [the malware] will just be back and re-infect the devices. It's never going to stop."
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — Things were already looking up for minimum wageworkers in New York and New Jersey when the new year arrived — they got a pay raise to kick off 2017.
A law signed in the spring by Governor Andrew Cuomo created a gradual minimum wage increase to $15 per hour in New York. The increase took effect on New Year's Eve, and pay bumps will continue gradually until wages hit $15 — which would happen in 2021 for most of the state, 1010 WINS reported.
In New York City, businesses with at least 11 employees will be paid $1 an hour with the hourly rate increasing by $2 every year until it hits $15, which is expected to happen at the end of 2018.
Smaller businesses increased their wages to $10.50, and will jump by $1.50 every year until 2019.
In Nassau, Suffolk, and Westchester counties the wage was bumped to $10 an hour with an annual increase of $1 bringing employees up to $15 by 2019.
Around the rest of the state wages were raised to $9.70 an hour with increases of 70 cents every year until they reach $12 an hour at which point they will increase until reaching $15 as well.
New York City fast food workers also saw their pay increase to $12 an hour, while fast food workers in the rest of the state will make $10/75.
In New Jersey the minimum wage was increased by 6 cents to $8.44.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — A Minnesota jury returns Thursday for a fourth day of deliberations in the trial of a police officer charged with manslaughter in the death of a black motorist, a day after the judge admonished them to keep working.
Deliberations began Monday in the manslaughter trial of Officer Jeronimo Yanez, who shot Philando Castile during a July 6 traffic stop in a St. Paul suburb after Castile informed the officer that he was carrying a gun. Castile, 32, had a permit for the firearm.
Yanez, attorneys and family members for both Yanez and Castile returned to court Wednesday afternoon, leading to speculation a verdict had been reached. Judge William Leary, without explanation, re-read a portion of the jury instructions to jurors and told them to resume talks.
The material dealt with jurors carefully considering and re-examining their views and their duty to "deliberate with a view toward reaching agreement."
The hearing took just a couple of minutes. The jury went back to continue deliberations but broke for the day soon after without a verdict.
On Tuesday, jurors requested another look at dashcam video captured by Yanez's squad car that shows the shooting. The jury also watched a replay of the video that Castile's girlfriend, Diamond Reynolds, livestreamed on Facebook beginning seconds after Castile had been shot.
Defense attorneys contend the 29-year-old Latino officer saw Castile reach for his weapon, that Yanez was scared for his life and was justified in shooting Castile. Prosecutors insist Yanez never saw a gun and had plenty of options short of shooting Castile, an elementary school cafeteria worker they say was never a threat. Witness testified that the gun was in the pocket of Castile's shorts when paramedics pulled him from the vehicle.
The squad-car video shows a wide view of the traffic stop and the shooting, with the camera pointed toward Castile's car. While it captures what was said between the two men and shows Yanez firing into the vehicle, it does not show what happened inside the car or what Yanez might have seen.
The failure to reach a quick verdict reflects the infrequent convictions of police officers. Data compiled by Philip Stinson, a criminologist at Ohio's Bowling Green State University who tracks fatal police shootings, shows about 35 percent of the 82 officers nationwide charged with murder or manslaughter since 2005 were convicted.
Almost 40 percent resulted in non-convictions, including several recent cases that ended in mistrials or acquittals when an officer testified they feared for their life, Stinson told The Associated Press.
"In these cases, it does seem that jurors are very reluctant to second guess the split-second decision of a police officer in a very violent street encounter," Stinson said. "Despite the best prosecution efforts, at the end of trial the defense puts the police officer on (the stand) — and that's all she wrote."
Castile's mother, Valerie, declined comment Wednesday. Danny Givens Jr., a pastor who works with Black Lives Matter Minneapolis and who has been spending time with the family, describe their mood as "prayerful, hopeful, more importantly just staying in the moment and supporting one another."
Reynolds' video of the gruesome aftermath of the shooting was shared widely, and included her statements that Castile hadn't been reaching for his gun.
The squad-car video shows Yanez approaching Castile's car and asking for a driver's license and proof of insurance. Castile appears to give something to Yanez through the driver's side window. Castile is then heard saying, "Sir, I have to tell you, I do have a firearm on me." Before Castile finishes that sentence, Yanez has his hand on his own gun and is pulling it out of the holster. There is shouting, and Yanez screams "Don't pull it out!" before he fires seven shots into the car.
Yanez is charged with second-degree manslaughter, punishable by up to 10 years in prison, though sentencing guidelines suggest around four years is more likely. He also faces two lesser counts of endangering Reynolds and her daughter for firing his gun into the car near them.
Conviction on the manslaughter charge requires the jury to find Yanez guilty of "culpable negligence," which the judge described in jury instructions as gross negligence with an element of recklessness.
The 12-member jury includes two black members. The rest are white. None is Latino.
Scarlett Johansson has found herself at the center of a casting controversy yet again.
According to reports, the actress, who was criticized for playing a traditionally Asian character in Rupert Sanders' 2017 film, "Ghost in the Shell," has teamed up with the director again to star as a transgender man in his upcoming film, "Rub & Tug."
The Hollywood Reporter writes that the movie centers on the real-life story of Dante “Tex” Gill, who ran a massage parlor and prostitution ring in Pittsburgh in the 1970s and 1980s.
Gill was born Jean Marie Gill, and though it is unclear if he identified as transgender, The Hollywood Reporter noted that an obituary in his local newspaper reported Gill "[insisted] that she was a man."
When asked to respond to those who said a transgender actor should play the part, Johansson's publicist told Bustle on Tuesday: "Tell them that they can be directed to Jeffrey Tambor, Jared Leto, and Felicity Huffman's reps for comment."
Tambor, Leto, and Huffman have all played transgender roles in the past. Tambor won two Emmys for his role in the Amazon series "Transparent," Leto took home an Oscar for his work in "Dallas Buyers Club," and Huffman won a Golden Globe for her performance in "Transamerica."
A representative for Johansson did not immediately respond to ABC News' request for comment.
This is not the first time that Johansson, 33, has had to defend her career choices. Last year, she was criticized for accepting a role in "Ghost in the Shell," a film based on a popular Japanese manga series. Though critics said an Asian actress should play the part, Johansson later told "Good Morning America" that she believed the character was "essentially identity-less."
"I would never attempt to play a person of a different race, obviously," she said.
After news broke that Johansson had been cast in her latest role, many online questioned how a cisgender actor could be the best choice to play Gill.
April Reign, the activist who founded the #OscarsSoWhite movement, tweeted that Johansson, who is also a producer of "Rub & Tug," "is not hurting for money" and "doesn't need the increased profile." "So why would she take work away from a trans actor?" Reign asked.
Scarlett Johannson is not hurting for money. She is in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and is about to get her own film: Black Widow. She is also a well-established actress so she doesn't need the increased profile. So why would she take work away from a trans actor? #OscarsSoWhite — April (@ReignOfApril) July 3, 2018
"We've seen male & female actors in the past few years walk away from roles so that a person who could bring a more nuanced experience to the character was allowed to shine," Reign continued. "That is what should happen here. Rub & Tug isn't your movie, ScarJo. No need to monopolize," Reign also tweeted.
READING, Pa. (AP) — Albert Boscov was the public face of a department store chain he built from a single corner store in downtown Reading, Pennsylvania, to a regional powerhouse with locations in seven states and more than $1 billion in annual sales.
After his death Friday at age 87, Boscov leaves behind a chain with devoted customers and a tremendous amount of civic goodwill. But the century-old company still faces the headwinds that are buffeting the industry. Analysts say Boscov's long-term prospects are uncertain.
Few department stores have been more closely identified with their owners than Boscov's was with Albert Boscov, a cheerful executive who roamed the store aisles and was intimately familiar with his merchandise.
His nephew, who took over as CEO in 2015, says Boscov's will remain in the family.
Comments
comments
Lucasfilm
Harrison Ford was involved in a potentially scary accident at an Orange County airport on Monday, and now the Federal Aviation Administration is investigating what happened to get to the bottom of the dangerous event. Reportedly, Ford was flying his plane (as he has done for many years now) in California and was set to land at John Wayne Airport but upon his descent he made the mistake of landing on a taxiway instead of the runway. It doesn't take an aviation genius to guess that taxiways are not supposed to be where plans are landing.
During his landing, Ford then flew over the top of a passenger plane carrying more than a hundred passengers plus the crew, which is obviously not supposed to happen unless you are Tom Cruise and want to get kicked out of the Navy for buzzing the tower or other such shenanigans.
The FAA cannot legally call Ford out for this mistake, per regulations, but their official statement includes all of the gritty details:
“Air traffic controllers cleared the pilot of a single-engine Aviat Husky to land on Runway 20L at John Wayne Airport Monday afternoon. The pilot correctly read back the clearance. The pilot then landed on a taxiway that runs parallel to the runway, overflying a Boeing 737 that was holding short of the runway. The FAA is investigating this incident.”
No one should tell Harrison Ford what to do because nobody could possibly tell Han Solo and Indiana Jones to stop flying to his face. However, it may be time to cut back a bit after a previous crash landing on a golf course, his serious injury on the Star Wars: The Force Awakens set, and now this. Cheating death because he loves his hobby only makes for a cool story the first few times it happens.
(via Variety)
Tipster extraordinaire Al M. reports that a new restaurant from the folks behind Koi Palace , Daly City's extremely popular dim sum eatery, is poised to take over the former Waxman's Restaurant which closed after just over a year in operation.Waxman's later introduced a pop-up chicken joint in the space called JBird that shuttered shortly thereafter.The new spot, called Palette, is still in its early stages, said Al, with "just a yellow department of Alcoholic Beverages Control notice of a title transfer on the window." Public records indicate the Type 47 license application, which allows for beer and wine sales, has been approved.Public records also indicate that several building permit applications are in "triage" status to determine compliance, including demolition and work to include the installation of partitions, fixtures, finishes and other equipment.While Koi Place currently has three Bay Area locations , including outposts in Milpitas and Dublin, the restaurant group has expanded its operations with the addition of Richmond District dim sum and hot pot spot, Dragon Beaux in 2015.Dragon Beaux general manager Dennis Leung--who is overseeing operations at Palette--confirmed to theearlier this month that the restaurant is still a long way off, as construction has yet to begin.There's work to be done to better integrate the bar with the dining room, Leung said, and large tanks will be installed to showcase the restaurant's selection of fresh seafood as well.As for the yet-to-be-determined menu, dim sum will still be the highlight, Leung said, but expect to see wok and barbecue stations joining the mix with dishes like wok-fired mussels and clams, along with grilled lobsters on the half-shell and a variety of skewers. A grab-and-go dim sum take-out component may be in the works, too.Thanks as always for the tip, Al!Have you come across a new (or closing) restaurant? Text your tip and a photo to 415-200-3233, or email tips@hoodline.com. If we use your info in a story, we'll give you credit.
U.S. stocks rallied Monday as technology companies and banks helped indexes regain a lot of the ground they lost last week, although the calm that has defined the market this year wasn't quite restored.
On Monday:
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 24.52 points, or 1 percent, to 2,465.84.
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced 135.39 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,993.71.
The Nasdaq composite surged 83.68 points, or 1.3 percent, to 6,340.23.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies leaped 20.08 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,394.31.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 227.01 points, or 10.1 percent.
The Dow is up 2,231.11 points, or 11.3 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 957.12 points, or 17.8 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 37.18 points, or 2.7 percent.
2017 is hoped to be a bumper year for Lancashire, as major plans take shape across the county.
Work will be taking place on regeneration schemes, hotel developments and road projects, with leaders confident the future is bright. Sarah Carter looks at the county's reasons to be cheerful as we head into 2017.
Prestons old Post Office will host the Best of Britannia North in May
With millions of pounds of development, major projects set for completion and a bumper events calendar, 2017 is looking bright for Lancashire.
Regeneration schemes are taking place across the county, with boosts for the economy and infrastructure as well as for families and communities.
Despite major budget cuts to authorities and challenges ahead, leaders are looking to the future and celebrating the exciting plans for the next 12 months.
“Lancashire's future is looking bright, with so many landmark initiatives that are either being delivered or in planning”, said Babs Murphy, chief executive of the North and Western Lancashire Chamber of Commerce.
A view of the new civic square looking towards the Town Hall
South ribble
• The world's first Truck Trail is being launched in Leyland, and will be on show from April.
• Work could start on the Cuerden development, at the start of the M65, which would bring 4,500 jobs to the area. Subject to planning consent, it could begin as early as the summer, and would include bringing IKEA to Lancashire.
• Community events include the Live! festivals in Penwortham (May) and Longton (July), as well as the Leyland Festival in June and Penwortham Open Gardens in July.
How a cinema could look on Market Walk, Chorley
• Worden Park in Leyland is to have two brand-new toilet blocks and the extra overflow carpark will be opened to the public in the New Year.
• The historic Conservatory and Vine House, which once served Worden Hall, will be refurbished.
• A £250,000 investment in Withy Grove Park, Bamber Bridge, will include re-landscaping and area of the park, new footpaths, new bins, benches, signs and the creation of a central hub featuring sculpture.
• 2017 will see the completion of the £3.35m regeneration of the centre of Bamber Bridge, with an official unveiling at the start of the year.
Proposal of how Market Walk, in Chorley town centre, could look
• A planning application for the Penwortham Bypass is due to be submitted, with A582 improvements to continue.
Leader of South Ribble Council, Coun Peter Mullineaux said: “There's plenty to look forward to in South Ribble in 2017.
“The start of the year will see the completion of some wonderful projects we've been working on in our parks, in our towns and villages and with our local businesses.
“2017 will see some exciting steps forward in our economic development. Through the Preston, South Ribble and Lancashire City Deal we are investing in the future, making sure we put the right plans in place now to support our residents in the future.
“We'll also continue delivering multi-million pound upgrades of our towns and village centres. They are the very heart of our communities and we are determined to get it right so they will serve our residents for generations to come. The future looks bright for South Ribble.”
Chorley
• The town centre is set to undergo a £17 million transformation over the next few years starting with the extension to Market Walk shopping centre which will see a cinema, high street retailers and restaurants.
• The £4.8m Youth Zone will provide a range of sports, media, and arts in a safe and inspiring place plus it will offer young people enterprise training, mentoring and apprenticeships.
• A £9 million scheme to provide apartments for older people are due to start in 2017.
• Free parking will be extended from April 1, meaning there will be one hour free parking on all short-stay car park excluding the Flat Iron, and three hours free parking on all long-stay ones, in addition to schemes already in place.
• The town's award-winning events programme will return, including the Chorley Flower Show, with other “surprises” also hinted at.
• A new advanced digital office park creating 54,000sq ft of state-of-the-art office space providing high value jobs for hundreds of people is to be built at Euxton Lane
• A planning application is due to be submitted for development at Botany Bay.
Speaking about the Market Walk redevelopment Coun Alistair Bradley, leader of Chorley Council, said: “This is a really exciting time for Chorley because the proposals would see some of the biggest changes in a generation and set up our town centre to thrive over the coming years.
“The work will ensure we have a different offer to complement the many independent traders and markets, which make our town what it is, and by increasing footfall everyone in the town centre should benefit.”
University of Central Lancashire:
• The Inauguration of Ranvir Singh as the University's new Chancellor and Professor Mike Thomas as the Vice-Chancellor in January
• The completion of the £8.15 million social spaces by Autumn.
• Construction of the £30 million Engineering Innovation Centre will be well underway.
• The planning and preparatory work for the new student centre and civic square will be well advanced.
• The award-winning Lancashire Science Festival will be bigger and better when it returns between 29 June and 1 July.
Babs Murphy, chief executive of the North and Western Lancashire Chamber of Commerce said: “Lancashire's future is looking bright, with so many landmark initiatives that are either being delivered or in planning. There has been no shortage of ideas in the area and now the county has a clear vision and strong leadership to push boundaries even further. Lancashire has considerable advantages, a quality environment, world class higher and further education institutions and excellent transport links by road and rail. These strengths have been harnessed in tandem with visionary policies and investment in infrastructure which are now paying off. In recent times Lancashire has seen a growth in new high value businesses to replace declining ones, the development of skills and productivity of the workforce and the promotion of the importance of Lancashire as a place to do business, and as a place of leisure, shopping, cultural and educational excellence.”
Preston
• Work is due to start on the new Indoor Market in 2017.
• Signature Living is set to start work converting the former post office building into a boutique hotel.
• Wednesday evenings throughout February and March will see the Harris host eight different bands at Harris Live.
• A summer programme of events will be held on the Flag Market.
• Work on the Broughton Bypass is due to be completed in August.
Leader of Preston Council, Coun Peter Rankin, said: “There's definitely a lot happening in 2017.
“Preston is enjoying a surge of investment and regeneration, a lot of it thanks to the Preston, South Ribble and Lancashire City Deal.
“Projects such as the new Indoor Market and boutique hotel from Signature Living, plus new bars and restaurants and the investment into Preston Guild Hall enhances our offer to residents and visitors alike.
“A packed events calendar sees the traditional Easter egg rolling follow a new programme of live music at the Harris, plus lots of other activities throughout the year.”
County Coun Jennifer Mein, leader of Lancashire County Council, said there was an “extremely challenging financial position”, but said: “Together with our partners on the Preston, South Ribble and Lancashire City Deal, we'll continue to work on plans for major road schemes, which will improve the connections between homes, work, education and leisure opportunities.
“Construction will continue in 2017 on the Broughton Bypass, which will open later in the year. This is a landmark moment and will bring long-awaited relief to the village.
“We're also working on the Penwortham Bypass and continued improvements along the A582 – a major route through South Ribble.
“Close to the M65 at Cuerden, the plans are coming together for a new mixed-use development, whic has already attracted IKEA.
“Working with our partners, we're hopeful that other major employers will want to be on the site.
“One of our biggest projects during next year will be the continuing redevelopment of Preston Bus Station.
“This is one of the city's most well-known buildings and our plans include an improved concourse, a new public space and a new youth zone for our young people.
“Coupled with continuing improvements at the Guild Hall, the Markets Quarter, plans for the former Park Hotel and other developments around the city centre, 2017 looks like it will be a very interesting year to come for the city as a whole.”
Wyre
• Completion of new sea defences at Rossall in November
• Hillhouse International Enterprise Zone in Thornton Cleveleys
• Investment expected in 2017 in the Hillhouse International Enterprise Zone in Thornton Cleveleys
• Garstang Walking Festival in May 2017, allowing visitors to celebrate springtime around Garstang, rural Wyre, Forest of Bowland and the Fylde Plain.
• Great Eccleston Show in July.
Coun Peter Gibson, leader of Wyre Council, said: “The New Year always presents an opportunity to look again where we can improve on the previous year and 2017 will be no different.
“Our aim will be to build on what we achieved in 2016. All local authorities are under financial pressure but we in Wyre may be had a slightly different approach than some councils in that we have an incest to save approach.”
He said the council pledged to maximise the return from assets and said: “Our vision is to be a collaborative Council that works together with local communities and partners to make a difference and improve the lives of those who live in Wyre, work in Wyre or visit Wyre. My promise to residents is that in 2017 I will do all I can to protect frontline services just as I have done in 2016.”
The Latest on a fatal shooting captured on video and later shared on Facebook (all times local):
3:45 p.m.
Authorities searching multiple states for a suspect in the deadly shooting of a Cleveland man say they have no idea what led up to what they say appears to be a random shooting.
Cleveland's police chief said Monday that only Steve Stephens knows the answer.
Police say the 37-year-old Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree picking up aluminum cans Sunday and then posted a video of the killing on Facebook.
In the video, Stephens names a woman and tells the victim, Robert Godwin Sr., that "she's the reason that this is about to happen to you."
Authorities say Stephens is considered armed and dangerous and could be anywhere.
Cleveland police chief Calvin Williams says authorities have already searched every location Stephens has been associated with in the Cleveland area.
———
3:15 p.m.
Police in Philadelphia say they have "no indication" that the suspect in an apparently random killing in Cleveland is in Philadelphia.
Authorities said multiple 911 calls came in shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday reporting that Steve Stephens could be in or near Fairmount Park, a large green expanse northwest of downtown.
Officers were sent to check the area, and police say eight elementary schools and a high school were locked down as a precaution.
But police later said "there is no indication that the subject is at that location, or anywhere in the city of Philadelphia."
Police say Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans Sunday and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
———
2:10 p.m.
Police in Philadelphia say schools have been locked down as they investigate reported sightings of the suspect in an apparently random killing in Cleveland. But authorities also say there is no indication that Steve Stephens is in Philadelphia.
Authorities say multiple 911 calls came in shortly after 12:30 p.m. Monday claiming that Stephens could be in or near Fairmount Park, a large green expanse northwest of downtown.
Officers are checking the area, and police say eight elementary schools and a high school are on lockdown as a precaution.
Police say Stephens shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans Sunday and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
Philadelphia is a more-than-six-hour drive from Cleveland.
———
11:50 a.m.
A former girlfriend of the suspect in the slaying of an elderly Cleveland man has told CBS News in a text that 37-year-old Steve Stephens was "a nice guy" who was generous to everyone and was "kind and loving" to her and her children.
Joy Lane says Monday she had a relationship for several years with Stephens, now the target of a nationwide manhunt for the Easter slaying.
Stephens, in a video he posted to Facebook, mentions Lane's name to 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. and says she is "the reason that this is about to happen to you" before the random attack.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams says Lane is cooperating with authorities and is being protected.
———
11:05 a.m.
A spokeswoman for the behavior health facility where the suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked says the man underwent an extensive FBI background check before being hired in 2008.
Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer says Monday there was nothing in the background check for 37-year-old Steve Stephens that caused any concerns.
Kortemeyer says Stephens' job since 2015 as a vocational specialist involved preparing youth and young adults ages 16-25 for employment.
Stephens had referred to himself as a case manager. Kortemeyer says he did have a caseload of clients that he managed.
Authorities say Stephens did not have a criminal record.
Officials say Stephens shot and killed 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday and posted the gruesome video on Facebook.
———
10:45 a.m.
A daughter of the elderly Cleveland man shot and killed in a gruesome video posted on Facebook says he was a gentle person, with nothing mean about him.
Debbie Godwin says her father, 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr., was shot Sunday afternoon while he was picking up aluminum cans. She says he "wasn't harming anyone."
Authorities are telling people in Cleveland, as well as Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan, to be on the lookout for the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens.
Cleveland's police chief is telling residents to be careful.
Debbie Godwin says her father was retired and had 10 children. She says he spent the day before the shooting doing one of the things he loved most, fishing in Lake Erie.
———
10:25 a.m.
The behavioral health facility where a suspect in the shooting of an elderly Cleveland man worked has closed Monday out of concern for the safety of employees, clients and visitors
A spokeswoman for Beech Brook, in suburban Pepper Pike, issued a statement Monday that says 37-year-old suspect Steve Stephens has been employed there since 2008 and has been a vocational specialist in a program for youth and young adults since 2015.
The statement says both the Pepper Pike facility and a drop-in center in Cleveland are closed and that a decision will be made later Monday about when they will reopen.
———
9:30 a.m.
Authorities on the hunt for a suspect who they say fatally shot an elderly Cleveland man in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say his last known location was at the shooting site.
Police and the FBI in Cleveland said Monday that the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens, could still be in the city or in surrounding states.
Chief Calvin Williams says detectives talked with Stephens by cellphone Sunday after he shot 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. but haven't had contact since.
Authorities are telling people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout. They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
Cleveland's police chief says officers have searched dozens of places since the shooting Sunday and told residents to go about their business, but be careful.
———
7 a.m.
Cleveland police searching for the suspect who fatally shot an elderly passerby in a gruesome video posted on Facebook say no more victims have been found, despite the shooter's claim that he killed over a dozen people.
Police said Monday that they've found no evidence of other slayings linked to the suspect, 37-year-old Steve Stephens. They planned to provide updates on the search at a news conference later Monday morning.
They say Stephens may have left Ohio, and they're urging people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout. They say Stephens should be considered armed and dangerous.
He's wanted on an aggravated murder charge in the death of 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland.
The FBI is helping with the investigation.
———
2:05 a.m.
Police in Ohio are urging residents in surrounding states on Monday to be on alert for a man who they say shot and killed an elderly passerby and then posted a gruesome video of the killing on Facebook.
Thirty-seven-year-old Steve Stephens is wanted on a charge of aggravated murder in the death of Robert Godwin Sr. on Sunday afternoon in Cleveland.
In a statement early Monday, police warned residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on the lookout for Stephens, who they say should be considered armed and dangerous.
In a separate video posted on Facebook, Stephens claimed to have killed more than a dozen other people. Police say they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
The FBI is assisting in the investigation.
HONG KONG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--William Sim never forgot the advice he received from one of his former CEOs, and it's something he has carried into all of his leadership roles.
When William Sim entered the world of electronics, he received a piece of advice from one of his CEOs that has remained a cornerstone of both his personal and professional life. “He said, ‘People are the single most important resource in any organization. It is the resource that drives all other resources,'” the now President of Heilind Asia Pacific tells The CEO Magazine.
William has spent most of his working life either on the manufacturing or the distribution side of electronics. He began at Philips Semiconductors, working in sales and marketing roles before getting bumped up to general manager for South Asia–Pacific. William left Philips (which had changed its name to NXP) in 2006, and became senior vice-president of Global Operations at semiconductor distributor WPG.
He then moved on to Arrow Electronics as the vice-president of Global Alliance before taking up his current role as president of Heilind Asia Pacific. A subsidiary of US-based Heilind Electronics, Heilind Asia Pacific specializes in distributing interconnect and electromagnetic products, switches, relays, thermal management and circuit protection products.
William Sim leads Eastern expansion
With its headquarters in Hong Kong, the company made a foray into the East, which was filled with challenges, especially in its first year. “We were basically unknown in Asia when we first came, so we spent a lot of time and effort on marketing activities and exhibitions to publicize our presence,” William says.
“The market at the time, and still today, was crowded with distributors that had longstanding relationships with suppliers, so we introduced the concept of ‘Distribution As It Should Be'. We spent a lot of time selling our concept and telling potential customers that we have a business model that is being used successfully in America.”
The company survived due to its business model and because it took calculated risks, something William believes is necessary in the distribution business. “We built inventory before customers placed orders. Sometimes it fails, but we have been successful more times than not. Over the course of our operations, customers have appreciated the way we do business.”
Heilind's culture based on valuing people
Having been president since the company's inception five years ago, William made sure he based its culture around valuing people. This has yielded positive results in terms of employee satisfaction. “We have a very low staff turnover, which is unique in the market,” William says. “For instance, in the first year, we employed about 30 people, and 27 of those are still with the company.”
William believes in empowering his staff and knows it will allow the business to achieve its goals. “We believe every individual in the organization is important. We try, as far as possible, to have all workers involved in decision making, which allows them to take ownership of what they want to do for the company,” William says.
What makes a good leader?
William says there is no one style of leadership, but as president he ensures he has:
- A distinct vision of where the company is going; - Clear KPIs; - The ability to pre-empt challenges - And courage to make changes; - An understanding that all problems stop with him; - And a belief that each person is important to the organization.
“I want our employees to feel like they belong and to learn and grow with the organization. When someone makes a mistake for the first time, they are not penalized; instead, they are encouraged to learn through the process. They know that my door is always open and they can come and talk to me about what they think we should be doing differently.”
William is also a fan of rewarding success. “Our people understand and support our business goals, and we make sure we keep them abreast of our progress and milestones,” he says. “Each time the company achieves a milestone; it gets published in our newsletter and is celebrated in the team. And every year, we have a company outing and include every single person, right down to the store hands.”
“Distribution is a relationship business”
William's attitude towards his employees extends to his partners and suppliers. “Distribution is a relationship business,” he says. “We do not manufacture products, so we are dependent on suppliers, and on customers to buy from us. Every distributor offers the same thing, so it boils down to how well we manage relationships with all of our stakeholders.”
When the company first came to Asia, it spent a lot of time establishing relationships with suppliers, forming strategies with them on the types of services it should provide, what it should stock, and even how it should set up its offices.
“Over the years, suppliers change, so we try to keep up with what they require,” William says. Since the company brought large stock quantities into Asia, it has been able to do away with minimum order quantity and shorten turnaround times for customers.
On top of that, William adds, it doesn't select market segments but rather provides services to everyone from the small equipment manufacturers to large original equipment manufacturers. “We are moving away from some of the bigger distributors who are very selective in the customers they want to engage. As long as customers want this kind of service, we will provide it.”
Heilind Asia–Pacific's next step
The company's next step is to evolve along with the shifting needs in the electronics industry. “In the past, the distribution market was basically about buying and selling, but this has since changed to a number of additional services that offer more value. In Asia in particular, we see ecommerce becoming increasingly important, so you get a lot of stockists putting their inventory into a platform where people can just go in, and buy and sell.” As a result, the company plans to make a name for itself in the digital space.
“We have been in the market for five years and have gone beyond the initial phase of transition and consolidation,” William adds. “We will finetune some strategies and make use of social media tools to continue promoting our brand because this is something that is prevalent in the market.”
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006671/en/
CONTACT: Heilind Asia Pacific
Sarah Luo, 852-26119634
Sarah.luo@heilind.com
KEYWORD: ASIA PACIFIC HONG KONG
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY ELECTRONIC DESIGN AUTOMATION HARDWARE MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING OTHER MANUFACTURING
SOURCE: Heilind Electronics
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 02:22 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 02:22 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423006671/en
WASHINGTON (AP) — South Carolina GOP Rep. Trey Gowdy, chairman of House Oversight Committee, says he will not seek re-election.
Nearly one in five people who have retired in the past 10 years are more stressed now than when they worked, research suggests.
Rather than later life being a golden opportunity to relax, 18% of those who have retired in the past decade say they are more stressed, the survey from Prudential found.
About one in seven (13%) say their health has suffered since giving up work.
Newly retired women were more likely to report feeling more stressed, at 23%, compared with 13% of men.
Missing former work colleagues was the biggest retirement let-down, with more than a third (35%) saying they miss the social interaction of work.
One in five (20%) feel they have lost some of their identity since their work ended.
But many pensioners also blamed financial reasons for retirement being less serene than it could be.
Nearly three in 10 (29%) miss having their pay packet in their wallet, while one in eight (12%) complain their adult children still expect cash subsidies from the "bank of mum and dad".
A fifth (20%) said being a source of free childcare is a cause of stress.
But Prudential also found some evidence that the prospects for retirees are improving.
While the proportion of people having generous final salary pensions to retire on is decreasing, the likelihood of people retiring with only the state pension to fall back on is also declining - from 23% of those retiring in 2008 to 14% this year.
The landmark automatic enrolment scheme, which has been placing people into workplace pensions since 2012, is boosting the number of pension savers.
The research was carried out to mark the 10th year of Prudential's "Class of" annual surveys, which look at the experiences of newly retired people.
Only 13% of those surveyed say they are disappointed with how their retirement as a whole has turned out.
But nearly a quarter (24%) wish they had worked for longer and more than one in 10 (11%) say that with hindsight they would have found another job or been more active in the early years of retirement.
Vince Smith-Hughes, a retirement expert at Prudential, said: "Often when we think of retirement planning we concentrate exclusively on our finances, but what these findings show is that there are many other things involved in helping to make us happy in retirement.
"As we have found, giving up work can be a shock to the system even before people start to come to terms with the inevitable change in their financial circumstances.
"However, as we see people easing themselves away from the world of work through a period of 'pretirement' and more people saving from an earlier age as a result of automatic enrolment, we hope that the new retirees of the future will be better placed to cope with their changed circumstances."
More than 750 people across the UK who have retired in the past 10 years were surveyed.
MELVILLE, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) – A Long Island man with Down syndrome and former President George H.W. Bush have formed a special bond.
It's his socks that are warming more than the former president's feet during a difficult time.
Inside John Cronin's warehouse in Mellville, he has more than 1,900 different kinds of socks. But he's running low on one particular design.
“Purple are Down syndrome socks,” he explained. “Just one of them.”
That's because the former president is getting the socks national attention. He wore the pair, covered with books, to his late wife's funeral this past weekend.
“I am very happy for that,” said Cronin.
The socks worn by the 41st President of the United States of America at today's funeral for former First Lady Barbara Bush. pic.twitter.com/12libHt1Jv — Jim McGrath (@jgm41) April 21, 2018
The 22-year-old Huntington man has Down syndrome but, with the help of his dad, they started the company John's Crazy Socks in 2016. Now, they employ more than 30 people, half have differing disabilities.
“We are in the business of showing what people can do, and President Bush has a strong connection there. He signed the Americans with Disabilities Act,” John's father, Mark, said.
The Cronins knew Bush and many others were going to wear the socks, because they received a phone call last week requesting several pairs of a specific design.
“Wanting some socks that he and his family can wear to show their support for Mrs. Bush's legacy, specifically her commitment to literacy,” said Mark.
So they rush-delivered 20 pairs of socks designed by ModSocks.
“When we saw that picture, it brought tears. For me, it's that special bond between my son and a former president,” Mark said.
It isn't the first time the former president wore the Long Island man's socks. On World Down Syndrome Day he sported Cronin's superhero socks, which Cronin designed himself.
“So happy he wore my superhero socks,” Cronin said.
It still has him smiling from ear to ear.
The Cronins are donating proceeds of the socks to the Barbara Bush Literacy Foundation. For more information, click here.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro is meeting his Turkish counterpart, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, for talks on bilateral relations and international issues.
Maduro's visit on Friday comes amid stringent U.S. sanctions on the South American nation and a deepening political crisis in Venezuela, as the country struggles with triple-digit inflation and widespread shortages.
The foreign ministers of both countries will also participate in the second meeting of their joint "partnership commissions" aimed at forging cooperation between the two countries, according to the Turkish president's office.
Maduro's visit follows a tour to Russia and to Belarus, where he discussed expanding military ties with the ex-Soviet nation.
In February 2016, Erdoğan visited Chile, Peru and Ecuador to boost trade ties between Turkey and South America.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday:
1. POLICE MAKE DIRECT APPEAL TO BOMBER
In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Austin, Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
2. SELF-DRIVING UBER STRIKES, KILLS PEDESTRIAN
The fatality in a Phoenix suburb is the first involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
3. TRUMP UNVEILS PLAN TO COMBAT OPIOIDS
The president calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including embracing a tactic employed by some of the global strongmen he admires: the death penalty.
4. DATA MINING CREATES STIR
A Trump-affiliated group, Cambridge Analytica, reportedly tried to influence elections using data, including likes, inappropriately obtained on tens of millions of Facebook users. What's not clear is how effective that was.
5. WHAT'S NEXT FOR VLADIMIR PUTIN
As the Russian leader shifts into his next six-year term, he could groom a successor, scrap term limits, or create for himself a new behind-the-scenes position of power.
6. TURKEY VOWS NO LET-UP
President Erdoğan says he intends to keep pressure on a U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia — and could expand Turkey's military offensive into other Kurdish-held areas across northern Syria and even into neighboring Iraq.
7. MISSISSIPPI LAW STANDS ALONE
The state's governor signs the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law, banning most abortions after 15 weeks.
8. HOW TO STAY HEALTHY WHILE FLYING
Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over, researchers advise.
9. NCAA TOURNAMENT HAS NEW LOOK
Sixteen teams are now left. Top seeds Virginia and Xavier are gone. Ditto No. 2 seeds North Carolina and Cincinnati.
10. WHO'S STEPPING ONTO POLITICAL STAGE
Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon says she's running for New York governor.
ABC/Uproxx
Starbucks, you might have finally gone too far. We've sat back and watched as you unveiled brightly-colored drink after drink and we've said nothing. We, like the rest of the internet, enjoyed the “Pink Drink” (and the cavalcade of similar drinks) and were very happy to see it finally added to the regular menu. We even tolerated the “Cherry Pie Frappucino” — if you bake a pastry on top of a drink you get a pass. But, with the addition of the so-called “Unicorn Frappucino,” just like Arthur Fonzarelli, you may have finally jumped the shark.
[As you read this, you're probably at least vaguely aware of the term “jump the shark.” Figuratively, it means that you're attempting to draw attention to something that's past its peak. You're grasping at straws. Like on the hit TV show Happy Days, when Henry Winkler's character (Fonzie) literally jumps over a shark on a pair of skis.]
We're not positive, but we believe that at some point Starbuck's was a coffee shop. You could walk in, order a coffee-based drink, pay and the baristas would make it for you. You'd slowly sip on your caffeinated beverage and go on with your day feeling energized and alert. Apparently, that is no longer the case.
This week, the Seattle-based chain unveiled the ‘Unicorn Frappucino.” Well, technically, they haven't announced it yet. But, it's already been spotted on Twitter and has its own subreddit. It's been described as tasting similar to Skittles, but with an added sour flavor. Aren't unicorns supposed to be mythical? Maybe this one should have stayed hidden deep in the woods.
If you believe Twitter, some Starbuck's have already begun selling the drink.
Unicorn Frapuccino~ 🦄🍦🌈✨ (los de Starbucks ya tardaban en sacarlo aprovechando la nueva moda xD) pic.twitter.com/kMN1vbMOrF — にゃる~🐰💕 (@ny4ru) April 15, 2017
While others eagerly await this “Tropical Skittles”-flavored monstrosity.
https://twitter.com/search?q=unicorn%20frapuccino&src=tyah
The Organisers of four International Ski Federation (FIS) World Championship events will be elected during next month's International Ski Congress in Costa Navarino in Greece, it has been confirmed.
Among the events set to be awarded is the 2022 FIS Ski Flying World Championships, for which Vikersund in Norway is the sole candidate.
Courchevel-Méribel in France and Saalbach in Austria are the two candidates for the 2023 FIS Alpine World Ski Championships, while Planica in Slovenia and Trondheim in Norway are both vying for the 2023 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
Bakuriani in Georgia is currently the only preliminary candidate for the one other event on offer, the 2023 FIS Freestyle Ski and Snowboard World Championships.
The announcement of the four elected organisers is due to take place on May 17.
The six candidates will present their concepts to all Congress participants from display stands and during the respective FIS Technical Committee meetings.
They will also have a final opportunity to present to the FIS Council on May 15.
Representatives from the candidate cities for the 2022 and 2023 World Championships, excluding Bakuriani, were given more information about the process for awarding the events by the FIS during an inspection of Costa Navarino.
The visit to the Greek resort included a tour of the facilities to finalise the setting up of the World Championship Candidate Exhibition, located close to the Congress centre.
Vikersund in Norway is the sole candidate for 2022 FIS Ski Flying World Ski Championships ©Getty Images
Approximately 1,000 delegates representing more than 80 FIS Member National Associations (MNAs) are scheduled to participate in the 51st International Ski Congress from May 13 to 19.
As part of the Congress week, the FIS Council, as well as the various FIS Technical Committees, Sub-Committees and Working Groups, will meet from May 13 to 16.
Representing the highest decision-making authority within FIS, the Congress itself is due to take place on May 18.
It will review the business reports of the Council, the accounts and reports of the auditors, approve the budget for the 2018-2019 financial period, elect the FIS President and 16 FIS Council members, as well as decide on the proposals submitted by the MNAs and the Council.
Gian Franco Kasper is set to secure a sixth term as FIS President after the worldwide governing body confirmed he will stand unopposed.
The veteran Swiss official, first elected to the role in 1998, notified the FIS Council of his intention to run for re-election at their Autumn meeting in Oberhofen in November.
A total of 18 candidates are running for election to the FIS Council.
Snowboarder Konstantin Schad of Germany has been proposed as the Athletes' Commission representative on the Council.
The items on the programme of the FIS Council in the days prior to the Congress primarily focus on the Congress agenda and reviewing the various proposals to submit to the delegates.
Additionally, other key topics will include final approval of the FIS World Cup calendars for the 2018-2019 season, as well as receiving proposals submitted by the Technical Committees following their meetings.
These will include the FIS snow safe policy, safeguarding athletes and participants from harassment and abuse.
Getty Image
Harlem rapper Sheck Wes was just signed to Kanye West's G.O.O.D. Music and Travis Scott's Cactus Jack Records last month, and he's hitting the ground running with his latest single “Do That.” The song is a lot less chaotic than the song (and video) for his last single “Mo Bamba,” but Sheck keeps the energy going — name dropping Meek Mill and talking about his newfound fame after signing with two of the hottest rappers in the game.
Sheck recently stopped by Zane Lowe's Beats1 show to talk about the song, and revealed the very surprising and unlikely inspiration behind it. “[Do That] was inspired by traditional wrestlers… it just reminded me of the drums they would use in their [warm up] before wrestling.” He also spoke about his former basketball background, and why he chose to become a rapper.
Sheck also talked about working with Kanye West, and revealed that he would be joining the likes of Lil Uzi Vert, Nas, and Kid Cudi by flying to Wyoming to record with the reclusive rapper's upcoming album. While the world patiently waits to hear what will come of that, check out “Do That” below, and be on the lookout for Sheck Wes' debut project — titled Mudboy — dropping this spring.
Finland has become the first country in Europe to pay its unemployed citizens a basic monthly income, amounting to 560 euros ($587), in a social experiment hoped to cut government red tape, reduce poverty and boost employment.
Olli Kangas from the Finnish government agency KELA said Monday that the two-year trial with the 2,000 randomly picked citizens who receive unemployment benefits kicked off Jan. 1.
Those 2,000 unemployed chosen will receive 560 euros every month, with no reporting requirements on how they spend it. The amount will be deducted from any benefits they already receive.
The unemployment rate of Finland, a nation of 5.5 million, stood at 8.1 percent in November with some 213,000 people without a job — unchanged from the previous year.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
BOULDER, Colo. (AP) — The Latest on the killings of three people in a home in the foothills northwest of Denver (all times local):
7:10 p.m.
The Boulder County Coroner's Office has identified the three people found slain in a home in the foothills northwest of Denver.
The office says the victims are Wallace White, 54, of Golden, Colorado; Kelly Sloat-White, 56, also of Golden; and Emory Fraker, 39, of Broomfield, Colorado.
They were found dead in the house by deputies conducting a welfare check Saturday at the request of a worried acquaintance. Cmdr. Mike Wagner with the Boulder County Sheriff's Office says investigators have ruled out the possibility of murder-suicide.
The bodies showed signs of trauma, but sheriff's officials have not said how the three were killed.
No suspects have been identified.
The home southwest of Boulder is set about 100 feet back from the road in a wooded area. No immediate neighboring homes are within view.
___
1:27 p.m.
Investigators say a home in the foothills northwest of Denver where three people were found slain was specifically targeted.
Two men and a woman were found dead in the house by deputies conducting a welfare check Saturday at the request of a worried acquaintance. Cmdr. Mike Wagner with the Boulder County Sheriff's Office says investigators have ruled out the possibility of murder-suicide.
The sheriff's office has identified the victims but will not release their names until their families are notified. The bodies showed signs of trauma, but sheriff's officials have not said how the three were killed.
No suspects have been identified.
The home southwest of Boulder is set about 100 feet back from the road in a wooded area. No immediate neighboring homes are within view.
As more cities and counties add their voices to an anti-sanctuary movement, one civil rights group wants to fight back by taking an unusual tack – asking Latinos not to cooperate with law enforcement.
A decades-old activist organization, Hermandad Mexicana on Tuesday announced a statewide campaign of “non-violent, non-cooperation” with all police authorities.
Nativo Lopez, of the Hermandad Mexicana group in Santa Ana and Los Angeles, announced Tuesday a campaign asking Latinos to not collaborate with local law enforcement until Orange County and cities that have voted against the state's sanctuary stance agree to abide by state laws. (Photo by Roxana Kopetman, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Protestors held signs along Katella Avenue in front of Los Alamitos' city hall on Monday. A new coalition, Los Alamitos Community United, met outside Los Alamitos City Hall Monday to express its opposition to the City Council's anti-sanctuary move.Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Sergio Trujillo, who heads Hermandad Mexicana in Santa Ana, stood with his sign Tuesday outside the chamber where the Orange County Board of Supervisors voted on March 27 to fight California “sanctuary” laws. (Photo by Roxana Kopetman, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Paul Scott cheers a speech during a protest outside Los Alamitos' city hall on Monday. A new coalition, Los Alamitos Community United, met outside Los Alamitos City Hall Monday to express its opposition to the City Council's anti-sanctuary move.Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Tung Nguyen, 43, of Garden Grove, argues with Harim Uzziel, of Los Angeles, at left, outside the Westminster City Council meeting as they listen to public comments about SB 54, the California Values Act, otherwise known as the California sanctuary state law, in Westminster on Wednesday, April 11, 2018. (Photo by Kevin Sullivan/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Protestors on opposite sides of the issue face-off against each other outside the Los Alamitos council chambers ahead of the expected vote by the Los Alamitos City Council giving final approval for an ordinance that would exempt them from complying with the California Values Act, otherwise known as the state's sanctuary law in Los Alamitos on Monday, April 16, 2018. (Photo by Leonard Ortiz, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Protestors on opposite sides of the issue face-off against each with megaphones outside the Los Alamitos council chambers ahead of the expected vote by the Los Alamitos City Council giving final approval for an ordinance that would exempt them from complying with the California Values Act, otherwise known as the state's sanctuary law in Los Alamitos on Monday, April 16, 2018. (Photo by Leonard Ortiz, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Hundreds of people pack the Huntington Beach City Council chamber Monday, April 2, to speak for or against a measure to sue California for its sanctuary law. (Photo by Susan Christian Goulding)
Stella May listens to speakers during the public comment section of the Orange County Board of Supervisors meeting before they voted to join the U.S. Department of Justice lawsuit against the State of California's sanctuary cities law (SB54) during their meeting in Santa Ana on Tuesday, Mar 27, 2018. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sen. Kevin de Leon speaks during the Westminster City Council meeting in support of his bill SB 54, the California Values Act, otherwise known as the California sanctuary state law, in Westminster on Wednesday, April 11, 2018. (Photo by Kevin Sullivan/Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sergio Corona joins a small group of sanctuary state supporters as they gather outside the Orange County Board of Supervisors meeting as they prepare to discuss joining a DOJ lawsuit against the state of California in Santa Ana on Tuesday, Mar 27, 2018. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Genevieve Peters, left, from Family America Project, tells sanctuary state supporters that she is not opposed to immigration – she just doesn't want illegal immigration, as the sanctuary supporters hold a sign in front of her while she talks outside the Orange County Board of Supervisors meeting as they prepare to discuss joining a DOJ lawsuit against the state of California in Santa Ana on Tuesday, Mar 27, 2018. (Photo by Jeff Gritchen, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Pro-sanctuary law protestors lock arms in unity outside the Los Alamitos council chambers ahead of the expected vote by the Los Alamitos City Council giving final approval for an ordinance that would exempt them from complying with the California Values Act, otherwise known as the state's sanctuary law in Los Alamitos on Monday, April 16, 2018. (Photo by Leonard Ortiz, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Jennifer Harrison, of the group Patriot Movement AZ, was one of dozens of activists opposing California's sanctuary state status during a Dana Point City Council meeting on Tuesday, April 17, 2018. Many of the groups were from other parts of the state, and other states. The Dana Point city council debated a resolution that would join the county's opposition to SB 54. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
Dana Point City Council members listen to one of dozens of impassioned public speakers, on both sides of the debate, while they consider adopting a resolution that would support the county's condemnation of SB 54, which establishes California as a sanctuary state, during a council meeting on Tuesday, April 17, 2018. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer)
The group – which is not supported by other immigrant organizations on this tactic – says police should not expect cooperation in the form of information, witnesses, court appearances or even the reporting of crimes within Latino communities.
Nativo Lopez, a long-time immigrant-rights advocate and an occasionally controversial figure, said to communities adopting an anti-sanctuary stance: “The public safety of Orange County cannot be preserved without our cooperation. To the degree that our families' public safety is endangered, so will yours and that of the general public.”
Other immigrant-rights groups said Tuesday they are not backing Lopez' effort.
“We would ask our community to work alongside the police the same way we would ask the police to work with the community,” said Jorge-Mario Cabrera, a spokesman for the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles.
Gloria Saucedo, executive director of a Panorama City immigrant-rights group that formerly carried the Hermandad name, said non-cooperation is a natural consequence of fear, which is increasing because more communities are passing measures against the California Values Act, or SB-54, a new state law to protect unauthorized immigrants.
“We don't have to tell the community. They already know. That's what's going to happen,” Saucedo said Tuesday, referring to Latino hesitance to have contact with police.
Still, Saucedo does not support a message that encourages people to not report crimes. “Crime would increase if we don't report it,” she said.
Orange County Undersheriff Don Barnes said in an email that encouraging residents to not cooperate with local law enforcement is “irresponsible and extremely dangerous.”
“Our only interest in collaborating with ICE is within a custody setting to turn over dangerous, convicted criminals to keep them from re-offending in our communities. We will never ask the immigration status of suspects, witnesses, victims of crime, or those who report criminal activity,” Barnes said.
New California laws that took effect Jan. 1 limit (but do not cut off) cooperation between local law enforcement and federal immigration agents and protect people in the workplace, public schools, libraries and public medical facilities. The Trump administration is suing California over three of these laws, and more than 15 cities and counties, especially in Southern California, are voicing support for that lawsuit with resolutions and various legal actions against the state's sanctuary policies.
Lopez described his group's approach as “a radical tactic,” but argued it's a needed response to local and county leaders taking actions against the state laws.
The ACLU, meanwhile, is suing the small city of Los Alamitos, which approved an ordinance to exempt itself from state law. And, in the past month, the cities of Santa Ana and San Gabriel have taken pro-sanctuary actions.
Lopez said there is precedence for the Hermandad campaign. In 2001, a similar campaign in Anaheim led to changes that helped end what he said was a practice in the city of jailing unauthorized immigrants for not having driver's licenses and impounding their vehicles.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
LONG BEACH, Calif. (AP) -- TJ Shorts II made a running 3-pointer with 1.9 seconds remaining in double overtime to lift UC Davis past Long Beach State 105-104 on Saturday night.
Deishuan Booker drove the paint and floated his jump shot off the glass to give Long Beach State a two-point lead with 6.9 seconds left. Following a time out, Shorts took the ball at midcourt and dribbled the floor before lifting his game-winning shot that hit nothing but net. Booker's desperation 3-point shot was off at the buzzer.
Shorts finished with a career-high 31 points. Siler Schneider added 27 points for UC Davis (16-7, 7-2 Big West), which entered the game tied with UC Santa Barbara atop the conference standings.
Gabe Levin scored a career-high and program-best 45 points for Long Beach State (12-14, 6-4). He was 10 of 20 from the field and 24-of-28 shooting from the line, and surpassed Ed Ratleff, who scored 43 points against Pacific in 1972.
Chima Moneke, a senior forward who averages 18.4 points and 9.6 rebounds per game for UC Davis, was suspended indefinitely shortly before the game for violating team conduct rules at the team's hotel.
BRISTOL, Tenn. – A dream came true for former King University baseball player Mitch Stophel on Wednesday afternoon when he was selected in the Major League Baseball (MLB) First Year Player Draft. Stophel was selected in the 25th round by the defending World Series Champion Chicago Cubs.
“I just want to say thank you to everyone at King that helped me get to this point in my career,” Stophel said. “King was the only offer I had out of high school, I couldn't be more thankful that they took a risk and gave me a shot. They saw my potential and helped me reach it. The coaching staff helped me develop in the pitcher, and man I am today, and I will be forever grateful.”
Stophel becomes the first Tornado to be selected in the MLB First Year Player Draft since 2002 when King Athletic Hall of Fame member Dirk Kleinmann was selected in the 42nd round by the Toronto Blue Jays. The last Tornado to play in professional baseball was Cory Rhodes who was signed by the Pittsburgh Pirates in August of 2014. Rhodes played with the Jamestown Jammers and the Bristol Pirates.
“We recruited Mitch hard out of high school,” King Head Baseball Coach Blaine Brown said. “He just started pitching his senior year of high school. He was very raw, but with a rocket arm. We knew if he ever figured it out he could be something special, and has worked so hard to get where he at.”
This season, the Bluff City, Tenn., native led King with 19 appearances, a 4.74 earned run average and three saves. He tossed 38 innings and posted a record of 1-1 for the Tornado. In his career, Stophel tossed 116 and two-thirds innings and posted a record of 7-5. After coming to King from Tennessee High School, Stophel registered 93 strikeouts in his career, including 45 this season.
“It is awesome to see a young man going from our development team to a pro guy,” continued Brown. “Just goes to show with hard work and preservice anything can happen. He is as good a kid as he is a ball player, and I am so happy for him and hope he continues his development and makes it to the bigs. What a story that would be. This is huge for Mitch, our program, and our University.”
Check KingTornado.com to follow Stohpel's journey this year. The Cubs' rookie affiliate is in the Arizona League, the Arizona Cubs. The Eugene Emeralds are the Cubs' Class A short season affiliate, and the South Bend Cubs are their Class A affiliate.
“I would like to thank all of the teammates I had along the way, have asked for a better group of guys,” Stophel finished. “I also want to say thank you to the faculty and staff at King that helped me get through school and get my degree. Let's get King on the map. Go Cubs.”
The Netherlands will be seeking to defend their title when the World Cup of Darts begins in German city Frankfurt tomorrow.
Thirty-two countries will be taking part in the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC) event in all at the Eissporthalle.
Two players are representing each country with the Dutch, seeded third, fielding world number one Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld.
Both players combined to good effect when winning the 2017 tournament.
Van Gerwen has dominated world darts in recent years and has won the PDC World Championship twice, with Van Barneveld a five-time world champion across the PDC and British Darts Organisation.
A straight knock-out format will be used at the tournament with best of nine legs doubles contests deciding round one.
Double world champion Gary Anderson will play for top seeds Scotland ©Getty Images
A combination of singles and doubles matches will then decide the winners from round two through to the final.
Eight countries have been seeded with the Dutch opening their defence against Gibraltar.
Top seeds Scotland, fielding double world champion Gary Anderson and Peter Wright, have been drawn against the United States.
England will be represented by reigning PDC world champion Rob Cross and Dave Chisnall, with their first game against the Czech Republic.
Hosts Germany are represented by Max Hopp and Martin Schindler, and have a first round clash against Sweden.
China will field the sole women's player in the tournament after Momo Zhou won a qualifying event to represent the nation.
She will be joined by Xiaochen Zong with Switzerland their first round opponents.
The event will conclude on June 3.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Transcript for Teen siblings create app to help people suffering from depression or anxiety
And and guru. And it's. Any. And do. Yeah. And they live. I.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
BATHURST, N.B. — One of the smallest hockey markets in Canada has big reason to celebrate, and fans in Bathurst, N.B., are doing just that.
The Acadie-Bathurst Titan beat the host Regina Pats 3-0 Sunday night to claim the Memorial Cup — the first Canadian Hockey League championship in the team's 20-year history.
"It's a statement for a small market: We won the cup," said Bathurst Mayor Paolo Fongemie.
"It feels awesome. I'm so proud of the boys, the owners and our region," he said.
With a population of just under 12,000 people, Bathurst is the smallest market to win the Memorial Cup since Flin Flon, Manitoba, won it in 1957.
Close to 800 people watched the game on a big screen at an arena in Bathurst, and fan Fred Best says the celebration lasted well into the night.
"I'm just trying to recover," Best said Monday afternoon. "There was a lot of enthusiasm, a lot of cheering. We had a great time."
Best, with his usual helmet and horns, was cheering again Monday as a large crowd of residents welcomed the players home as they stepped off a plane at the regional airport in Bathurst.
A parade through the downtown is planned for Tuesday evening.
The team first arrived in the city in 1998 and played for the Memorial Cup in 1999 in Ottawa but didn't win.
"Twenty years later, here we are. It's just overwhelming," Best said.
He said the team does a lot to unify the people of Bathurst and surrounding communities, and get them through long, harsh winters.
"If it wasn't for the Acadie-Bathurst Titan here, there wouldn't be much else going on. We have a beautiful rink that seats 3,450 fans. Without them here we wouldn't have too much," he said.
The team has seen some ups and downs over the last 20 years and could have been on the verge of moving on a couple of occasions. A group of about 30 shareholders bought the team five years ago and launched a rebuilding process.
Story Continues
Premier Brian Gallant said the investors have done a lot for the team and the community.
"Hats off to everybody in the organization, to the players and of course to the fans who have been patient and so supportive of the team," Gallant said.
Over the last 20 years, the team has produced some great players who have gone onto success in the NHL, including Patrice Bergeron and Roberto Luongo.
The Titan are the first Quebec Major Junior Hockey League team to capture the Canadian major junior championship since 2013.
Fongemie said the league draft is this weekend, and the win will help entice young players to want to play for Bathurst.
Bathurst will be celebrating the win for some time, Fongemie said, and he hopes it sends a message across the country.
"It's great for all the other small markets that they can still dream and work hard and get it done," he said.
— By Kevin Bissett in Fredericton.
The Canadian Press
Thomas Welsh played all one game with LiAngelo Ball at UCLA, and it didn't even count toward the Bruins' official record in 2017-18. But the 7-foot L.A. native, who also teamed with Lonzo Ball in Westwood, saw enough from Gelo prior to his shoplifting arrest in China and subsequent sojourn to Lithuania to have a means of comparison when the two reunited at the Los Angeles Lakers' predraft workouts on Tuesday.
Welsh, who teamed with Ball in two-on-two and three-on-three competition at the UCLA Health Training Center, told the media that the LiAngelo he saw was improved from the one who hadn't yet suited up for Prienu Vytautas back in November.
“Watching him out here today, he was great,” Welsh said. “I think he's definitely gotten better from the time I spent with him at UCLA.”
The former McDonald's All-American couldn't speak to the caliber of competition in the LKL, and caught only “bits and pieces” of Gelo and LaMelo Ball's games, but noted that “I think he's getting better and that's all you can really ask for.”
In Welsh's eyes, that improvement didn't show up so much as an expansion of LiAngelo's game as a sharpening of his existing tools as an outside shooter with low-post skills.
“I think it's pretty similar,” Welsh said of Gelo's game. “We did a shooting drill together at the end, too, and he was shooting it extremely well. That's one thing he could always do well. I think he's stretched that shot out to NBA range now, so it's exciting to see.”
The Bruins could've used that sort of shooting prowess on their side this past season. Most of the team went cold from three-point range in a stunning 65-58 loss to St. Bonaventure during the play-in round of the 2018 NCAA Tournament.
Between LiAngelo's departure and the end of UCLA's campaign, Welsh kept up with his ex-teammate, offering himself as “a friend” and “a resource” in the event that he needed support from outside his family circle.
“I think he had a good group around him and I think he did a good job of handling it,” Welsh said.
Though Welsh didn't wax poetic about what could've been with Gelo under head coach Steve Alford, he did sound pleased to share the floor again with Zo's little brother.
“He's a lot of fun to play with,” he said. “He works his tail off. It was really good to be back on the court with him again today.”
With any luck, the two former Bruins might soon get another opportunity to team up. Should the Lakers pick up both players, be it via the draft or as undrafted free agents, Ball and Welsh could get to relive their glory days—all two of them—in Summer League come July.
Related LiAngelo Ball dunks with Lonzo Ball ahead of Lakers predraft workout
Getty Image
After a weeklong trial, Taylor Swift's ordeal with a Denver radio host is officially over as a six-woman, two-man federal jury found David Mueller guilty of assaulting and battering Swift in 2013. Swift hugged her lawyers as the verdict was announced and her mother cried according to reporters in the courtroom. The judgement earned Swift the $1 she was seeking in the case and the publicly declared guilt of Mueller by the federal court.
Mueller lost his job after groping Swift's buttocks under her dress before a concert in 2013, and while Swift had hoped to keep the incident quiet she took him to court after he sued her and the radio station for damages. That case was thrown out last week after a judge ruled he was lawfully fired for his discretions.
In court, Swift stood up to sexist and belittling questioning from Mueller's attorney, and described the incident in detail, saying “He stayed latched on to my bare a** check as I moved away from him visibly uncomfortable.”
Hollywood has reacted to the explosive exposé by the New York Times claiming that producer Harvey Weinstein sexually harassed women in the movie business.
Weinstein, who has now taken a ‘leave of absence' amid the allegations, has reached settlements with at least eight women out of court over behaviour said to have spanned nearly three decades, according to reports.
The woman who chose to speak about their experience of harassment by Harvey Weinstein deserve our awe. It's not fun or easy. It's brave. — Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) October 5, 2017
30 years of covering up sexual abuse – not just in the Catholic Church but also in elite liberal Hollywood. — Scott Derrickson (@scottderrickson) October 5, 2017
Heed the mantra and never forget: Women. Have. Nothing. To. Gain. And. Everything. To Lose. By. Coming. forward. https://t.co/ynKX1bcBkK — Amber Tamblyn (@ambertamblyn) October 5, 2017
As always, I stand with the brave survivors of sexual assault and harassment. It's not your fault. I believe you. — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 5, 2017
Wealthy people buy silence with settlements.The confidentiality clause allows predators to hurt other people. For decades. https://t.co/3SAn2A2h24 — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) October 5, 2017
Anyone who does business with __ is complicit. And deep down you know you are even dirtier. Cleanse yourselves. — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 5, 2017
McGowan is said to be among the women that Weinstein settled out of court with – a $100,000 payment followed an alleged incident in a hotel room at the Sundance Film Festival in 1997.
Ashley Judd is also among them, and said that two decades ago, she was asked to his room at the Peninsula Beverly Hills hotel for a meeting, where she was greeted by him in a bathrobe and asked to massage him or watch him shower.
“How do I get out of the room as fast as possible without alienating Harvey Weinstein?” she recalled.
“I said no, a lot of ways, a lot of times, and he always came back at me with some new ask. … It was all this bargaining, this coercive bargaining.
“Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly.”
(AP Photo/File) More
In a pattern of behaviour, other women have described similar or almost identical encounters with the producer, who has made movies from ‘Pulp Fiction' and ‘Good Will Hunting' to hit TV shows like ‘Project Runway' with his businesses Miramax and The Weinstein Company.
In a memo unearthed by the Times from another former employee to executives at the company, Lauren O'Connor described ‘a toxic environment for women'.
“I am just starting out in my career, and have been and remain fearful about speaking up,” O'Connor wrote.
“But remaining silent is causing me great distress… the balance of power is me: 0, Harvey Weinstein: 10.
“I am a professional and have tried to be professional. I am not treated that way however. I am sexualized and diminished.”
As well as O'Connor, who is thought to have settled a case in 2015, others involved in the alleged harassment included a young assistant in New York in 1990, an actress in 1997, an assistant in London in 1998, and an Italian model in 2015.
Through his lawyers, Weinstein has said that many of the allegations made against him are false, however, he has nevertheless apologised publicly.
“I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it. Though I'm trying to do better, I know I have a long way to go,” he said in a statement.
“I came of age in the 60's and 70's, when all the rules about behavior and workplaces were different. That was the culture then. I have since learned it's not an excuse, in the office — or out of it. To anyone.
“I realized some time ago that I needed to be a better person and my interactions with the people I work with have changed. My journey now will be to learn about myself and conquer my demons.”
Since the story broke, Weinstein's lawyers have said they plan to sue the New York Times for as much as $50 million.
Read More:
Jared Leto to star in Hugh Hefner biopic
Blade Runner 2049 premiere cancelled after Las Vegas shooting
Oscar Pistorious family legal threat over Lifetime movie
Toshiba, a fixture of Japan Inc. for more than a century, is in big trouble — to the tune of $6.3 billion. The company announced that whopping loss after the market closed in Tokyo today, and that may not be the worst yet. Some news reports say Toshiba might not survive in its current form. It is, as they say, complicated. But at the center of this is Toshiba's big bet that turned sour on nuclear energy in the U.S.
Anderson County is pleased to announce its participation in the National Day of Prayer on Thursday, May 3, 2018.
Anderson County's observance of the 2018 National Day of Prayer will be held from noon to 12:30 p.m. on Thursday, May 3, on the front steps of the Anderson County Courthouse, 100 North Main St. in Clinton. The Courthouse will be open, but with limited staff during the ceremony, so citizens are asked to be patient if they have business to conduct.
We are inviting all Anderson County citizens to attend the local ceremony. Prayers will be offered for county officials, our nation and military, our community, and churches and families. Local pastors will lead those assembled in prayer, and local students will provide musical selections.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Rugby's world governing body has intervened after Zimbabwe's national team was forced to sleep on the street in Tunisia after problems with accommodation and visas.
World Rugby tweeted that "we are aware of an issue regarding the Zimbabwe team ahead of their Rugby Africa Gold Cup match on Saturday. We have received firm assurances from Rugby Africa that the issue has been quickly and effectively resolved."
Zimbabwe's rugby team, nicknamed the Sables, is in Tunisia for a test match in Beja that forms part of the 2019 World Cup qualifying campaign.
The Sables had landed in the North African country on Monday night directly from Kenya, where it narrowly lost 45-36.
The team was initially delayed for hours at the airport in Tunis because it did not have the required 600 euros to pay for visas, then later declined to check into a hotel the squad deemed substandard. Players then slept outside the same hotel.
LIMA, Peru (AP) — The son of former Peruvian strongman Alberto Fujimori is forming his own bloc in congress after being kicked out of the party led his sister.
Kenji Fujimori announced Wednesday that he and nine other lawmakers from the Popular Will party will henceforth support President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.
Fujimori abstained from voting for Kuczynski's impeachment in December, bucking a drive led by Popular Will leaders to remove the unpopular president from office.
Days later, Kuczynski pardoned Fujimori's father, former President Alberto Fujimori, from a 25-year jail sentence in what many Peruvians believe was a quid pro quo deal. Both Kuczynski and Kenji Fujimori have denied that.
Popular Will is led by Kenji Fujimori's older sister Keiko, who narrowly lost to Kuczynski in the 2016 presidential election.
In “Blade Runner 2049,” which opens Friday, post eco-disaster Los Angeles has built a massive coastline wall to fend off rising ocean levels. Few of the overpopulated city's human or android occupants have ever seen a tree or a real animal. The incessant rain is as dour as Harrison Ford's facial expressions. Worst of all? One character bemoans the fact that there's no more cheese in the world.
Recent dystopian blockbusters seem to be jostling in a grim race to be the first to reach the seventh circle of hell in Dante's “Inferno.” But some science-fiction writers are tired of the sorts of pessimistic futures depicted in movies and TV shows such as “The Hunger Games,” “Mad Max: Fury Road,” “Black Mirror,” and “The Handmaid's Tale.”
In response, influential authors Neal Stephenson, Cory Doctorow, David Brin, and Kim Stanley Robinson argue that futuristic fiction should, instead, offer an inspiring outlook about mankind's ability to shape its destiny. But do the kinds of stories we tell ourselves have a cultural impact on shaping a better tomorrow?
Recommended: Could you survive the Star Wars universe? Take our quiz!
“I want to nod at something that Jill Lepore wrote in The New Yorker about the dangers of drowning ourselves in dystopian stories,” says Christopher Robichaud, who teaches a class at Harvard Extension School on Utopia and Dystopia in fiction and philosophy. “The utility dystopian fiction used to serve was to bring problems to our attention and seek solutions. But the danger is that these stories can become a collective act of despair in response to current events.”
The long-awaited sequel to the original “Blade Runner” certainly seems inspired by present-day concerns. It's eerily in sync with SpaceX and Tesla founder Elon Musk's claim that artificial intelligence will come to view humanity as an inferior species and destroy us. “Blade Runner 2049” also predicts bad outcomes from genetic editing, neurotechnology, surveillance technology, and energy use. The future's only bright spot, it seems, is for umbrella manufacturers.
That sort of thinking made Mr. Stephenson wonder whether the pessimistic outlook of his profession had contributed to a defeatist attitude and lack of ambitious vision among scientists. So, in 2011, the author of classics such as “Snow Crash” cofounded the Hieroglyph project with Arizona State University's Consortium for Science, Policy and Outcomes. The big idea: Develop science fiction stories with optimistic thought models and imaginative blueprints. The theory is that these narratives will, in turn, inspire scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs to tackle major projects such as designing crewed spacecraft or finding viable alternatives to fossil fuels.
“When most people think of the future today, they think of the great dystopian narratives, especially through Hollywood and popular culture,” says Ed Finn, co-editor of the project's 2014 anthology, “Hieroglyph: Stories and Visions for a Better Future.” “We started to ask how we can use storytelling to create more optimistic futures that are more empowering to people.”
'NO SUCH THING AS DEFEATING THE TECHNOLOGY'
But some science-fiction writers, including Ramez Naam (“Nexus”) and Daniel H. Wilson (“Robogenesis”), counter that dystopian tales can be just as valuable in shifting thought paradigms. Case in point: Mr. Wilson's “Robopocalypse,” a story about a machine uprising so terrifying that readers may decide to leash their Roombas.
“I used that meme as a red cape to get the bulls to chase me,” says Mr. Wilson. “My goal was to subvert that theme. What I wanted people to take away from ‘Robopocalypse' is that there is no such thing as defeating the technology. We are technology. We don't survive without technology.”
And while novels such as Emily St. John Mandel's “Station Eleven,” Maja Lunde's “The History of Bees,” and Ernest Cline's “Ready Player One” offer little respite from apocalypse, they've won both critical and popular acclaim.
Science fiction often plays on fears of technology's unintended consequences. It's a trope as old as Mary Shelley's “Frankenstein.” Virginia Postrel, author of “The Future and Its Enemies: The Growing Conflict over Creativity, Enterprise, and Progress,” argues that optimistic science fiction stories don't create a belief in technological progress. Rather, they reflect an existing, broader cultural outlook.
Homeless dads and other fathers in need can get some tender, loving care as a pre-Father's Day gift on Saturday, June 17, with free pedicures and manicures at the Nail Spa Club in Tustin.
The nonprofit Operation Warm Wishes are holding the “Pampering Papa” event from 7 to 9 a.m. at the Larwin Square salon, 516 E. First St., Tustin. Breakfast is included, and, says Operation Warm Wishes founder TyRon Jackson, “We're not just talking about muffins.”
The pampered papas also can choose a pair of new or gently used shoes, along with socks, from items that Operation Warm Wishes is collecting.
Jackson, who was once homeless himself, started the Tustin-based Operation Warm Wishes in 2013 and regularly holds events to provide food, clothing and other necessities to struggling individuals and families.
Jackson envisions the spa day as a way to not only comfort dads who are scrambling to get by, but also to encourage them. No one will be turned away, he said.
“It's not a handout. It's a hand up.”
For more information, go to operationwarmwishes.com or contact Jackson at 714-363-6621.
As part of the campaign to raise awareness and funds for a little-known condition affecting children and adolescents a Family Fun Day has been organised on the Isle of Wight.
Tori Blain is the mastermind behind the event taking place on Saturday 9th September at The Griffin pub in Godshill.
Those wishing to attend the event can now buy advance tickets for just £10. The advance VIP ticket gets you an official International awareness day PANDAS/PANS wristband, your ticket for the fabulous Hog Roast and exclusive entry into a VIP draw.
Buy your tickets now
To take advantage of this fantastic bundle just follow the link, make your £10 donation for each bundle and in the comment section add your name and VIP – your VIP package will be available for collection on the day.
Find out more by visiting the official Event Page on Facebook.
The cause
The campaign is to help those affected by the both rare and complex conditions called Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorder Associated with Streptococcal Infections (PANDAS) and Pediatric Acute-onset Neuropsychiatric Syndrome (PANS).
Children and adolescents with the condition show neuro-psychiatric symptoms following exposure to a trigger such as Strep, Pneumonia, Influenza, Mononucleosis or even environmental factors. Very little is known about the condition making it incredibly hard for a diagnosis or treatment in the UK.
Location map
View the location of this story.
Getty Image
When Carson Wentz left Sunday's win over the Rams late in the third quarter with a knee injury and was announced out for the remainder of the game, Eagles fans immediately became concerned for the worst. Sadly, as reports rolled in after the game, those concerns were legitimized and on Monday, Eagles coach Doug Pederson confirmed the worst, announcing Wentz was done for the season after tearing his ACL.
#Eagles coach Doug Pederson says Carson Wentz has a torn ACL. He's out. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) December 11, 2017
Wentz went down after diving into the end zone on a scramble that was ultimately negated for a holding call. He stayed in the game and threw a touchdown pass on 4th-and-goal just a few plays later, but would not return to the game.
Organizers with a new Louisiana festival said the two-day event will go on as planned, for now, as Tropical Storm Nate moves through the Caribbean Sea.
They said they are monitoring the situation and will make a decision Friday.
Officials, including Lt. Gov. Billy Nungesser, held a news conference in August to announce the addition of the Flambeau Fest.
The festival will be held October 7 and 8 on the Ascension Fields at the Lamar Dixon Expo Center in Gonzales. Officials said there will be three stages.
Sam Hunt, Lynard Skynyrd, and others will perform for the festival. Click here for all artists
Pre-sale tickets went on sale on August 7.
"Our goal, as head of the tourism of Louisiana is to make sure we're not just focusing on New Orleans, and I've put a real focus on doing things in other parts of the state to pull people,” said Nungesser.
"We're in a region that is, the demographic we feel like is being under-served on a business level,” said festival organizer, Mark Adam Miller. “We feel like the region could benefit from the economic of it, but at the end of the day, we're all passionate about putting on a great party."
Promoters for Flambeau Fest have already made plans to stay in Gonzales for quite a while. Nungesser says it's something he believes will bring fans from all over. "We can pull Louisianians from around the state to 'staycation' at home, but we also can continue to draw more and more people into the state," said Nungesser.
The Bayou Country Superfest thrilled concert-goers at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge for six years before moving to New Orleans this year. While it's unclear if the event will return to the Red Stick, Gonzales Mayor Barney Arceneaux says this concert could fill that hole.
"I really do, and again, I'm not real sure of all the folks that they've got coming down, but when the producers talked to me, they did speak highly about some of these acts that they're going to bring in," said Arceneaux.
Arcenaux also believes the concert will provide a much-needed bump in his city's economy. "All of our hotels may be full. It's going to be great for our restaurants and certainly whatever else, so yeah, we're very happy it's coming to Ascension Parish," Arceneaux added.
It's a boost Nungesser says will also be felt statewide.
"I think we got a real winner here and an opportunity to add another event to Louisiana," said Nungesser.
Click here for more
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
By Michael Hixon, mhixon@TBRnews.com
Singer/songwriter Kenny Loggins first wrote the hit single “Danny's Song” to celebrate the birth of a nephew. Now, nearly 50 years later, Loggins is revisiting the classic tune, this time as a grandfather.
“I wrote a verse from the standpoint of being a grandfather—I've got a 2-year-old granddaughter,” said the 69-year-old singer. “I'm using that as a cornerstone to the new children's project I'm working on.”
Loggins performs a new version of “Danny's Song” as well as his other classics at the Norris Theatre on the Palos Verdes Peninsula Saturday.
“Danny's Song” wasn't a hit for Loggins and Messina, the multi-platinum selling duo that launched his career, but it was a top 10 single for Anne Murray in 1972. Following the success of Loggins and Messina, disbanded in 1976, Loggins was ready to launch his solo career when he approached collaborator Michael McDonald of Doobie Brothers fame.
Loggins sang a new song for McDonald, but, McDonald just didn't think much of the melody, he said.
“It kind of knocked my wind out for a little while, but then I had another writing date set up with Melissa Manchester a few days later,” Loggins recalled. “So I pulled (the song) back out and showed it to Melissa and she was like, ‘Are you kidding me? Of course, we finished it up together.'”
That rejected melody became “Whenever I Call You ‘Friend,'” a duo with Stevie Nicks. It was Loggins' first solo hit on the 1978 album “Nightwatch,” reaching No. 5 on the Billboard charts.
Loggins first met Nicks when he opened for Fleetwood Mac on one of their tours.
“She said, ‘If you ever need a chick singer, give me a call,'” Loggins said. “I was like absolutely. Who would not want Stevie Nicks to sing with them on their record? I credit her with helping make my solo career take off.”
‘King of the Soundtracks'
While on his last tour with Jim Messina, Loggins collaborated with Barbra Streisand and film producer Jon Peters on the music for “A Star is Born.” He sang beginnings of songs to them for his first solo album, “Celebrate Me Home.” One song that Streisand “loved” was “I Believe in Love,” which eventually made it on the film's soundtrack.
While they were collaborating in Malibu, Peters asked if Loggins had ever thought about acting.
“I said, ‘I'm not particularly motivated to do that,'” recalled Loggins. “He said, ‘You would be perfect for the lead in ‘A Star is Born.' I said, ‘Well, I appreciate that, I don't think so.' I passed.”
The role eventually went to Kris Kristofferson, but his relationship with Peters became a fruitful one. A few years later, the producer was working on a comedy called “Caddyshack” when Loggins was contacted to write some music. The soundtrack includes four songs by Loggins including “I'm Alright.”
“I got lucky; the movie was hilarious and I wanted to write everything for it,” Loggins said.
That was followed by the theme song for “Footloose,” which garnered an Oscar nomination, and “Danger Zone” for “Top Gun.” Loggins also sang “For the First Time,” featured in the 1996 film “One Fine Day,” that was nominated for an Academy Award.
Loggins said he is looking forward to the “Top Gun” sequel set to be released in 2019. He met Tom Cruise for the first time in October 2016 while filming an episode of “Jimmy Kimmel Live!”
“After all of these years everybody thought that I'd known him, but we never met,” Loggins said. “I asked him, ‘Are you guys considering using “Danger Zone” and he said ‘absolutely.' That doesn't necessarily mean it will happen because a lot happens between now and the cutting room, but I would love to be part of that in some way.”
Pooh's world
Loggins' largest selling album, selling 2 million units, is “Return to Pooh Corner.” The musician said he will continue writing for children including his next album, which has no release date. Last year, he released his first children's book, “Footloose,” a story of zoo animals who like to dance when the moon gets full. He said pop music is “not a hamster wheel I'm eager to get back on.”
But fans can catch his classic songs on this current tour that reaches Palos Verdes Oct. 7.
“I love what I do. I don't love the traveling necessarily, but I love performing,” he said. “I've got a great band together. I've got some good stories and the trick is remembering them and fitting them into the show. I was sitting with a friend the other day and had a couple glasses wine and we were reminiscing about the old days and she said, ‘You should be writing this stuff down and make it a part of your show.' I think she's right. It's time to start collecting those old stories.”
Pre-concert dining with gourmet food trucks and full bar service begins at 6 p.m. A meet and greet with Loggins is available for Velvet Rope members. The Norris Theatre is located at 27570 Norris Center Drive.
For more information or to purchase tickets, call (310) 544-0403, or visit palosverdesperformingarts.com.
The? Phoenix Suns plan to suspend forward? Marquese Chriss?for a game stemming from a verbal confrontation with the team's strength coach, league sources told ESPN.
The incident occurred after Friday night's 129-97 loss to the Utah Jazz, sources say.
An argument broke out over a postgame routine Chriss is required to do, sources say.
The second-year forward played 14 minutes in the game and scored three points.
Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Bluebird Bio Inc., up $30.65 to $201.80
Bluebird and Celgene reported positive results from an early clinical trial of a multiple myeloma treatment.
Apple Inc., up $3.30 to $172.67
The website Apple Insider said the company is delivering new iPhones to customers at a faster pace.
Spark Therapeutics Inc., down $25.66 to $47.72
Spark plunged and competitor BioMarin climbed after both reported data on experimental treatments for hemophilia A.
HSBC Holdings PLC, up 83 cents to $50.20
The bank said the Justice Department will ask a court to dismiss deferred criminal charges after it strengthened safeguards against money laundering.
Scana Corp., down $2.79 to $42.38
The company offered to give the site of a failed nuclear reactor project to a South Carolina utility.
Chesapeake Energy Corp., up 15 cents to $3.83
Oil and gas prices rose as a major North Sea pipeline will be shut down to fix a crack.
Overstock.com, up $9.93 to $55
The online discount retailer accepts payment in bitcoin, and rose as trading in bitcoin futures started.
Canadian Solar Inc., up 54 cents to $17.79
The company said Chairman and CEO Shawn Qu offered to take the company private for $18.47 a share.
There they were on a late November afternoon, seemingly headed in opposite directions: Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers were 4-6 and losers of four games in a row; Kirk Cousins and the Washington Redskins were 6-3-1 and winners of six of eight.
Right after the Packers were beaten by the Redskins by 18 points in Week 11, Rodgers insisted, bereft of much supporting evidence, "I'm very optimistic."
Turned out he knew what he was talking about.
And Cousins declared, "It's great to be playing the way we're playing."
Turned out it didn't last.
Since then? The Packers (10-6) reeled off six consecutive victories, with Rodgers throwing 15 TD passes and zero interceptions, capped by a 31-24 win at the Detroit Lions on Sunday night to win the NFC North. The Redskins (8-7-1) lost four of their last six games, capped by an inexplicably listless 19-10 defeat against the visiting, nothing-at-stake-for-them New York Giants to blow a playoff berth.
"Just have to find a way to get it done. That's what good teams do," Washington defensive end Chris Baker said in a quiet locker room. "We just weren't good enough this year."
With so much at stake, the Redskins were flat as can be against the Giants, who already were locked into the NFC's No. 5 seed. Washington looked like the team with nothing to play for, trailing 10-0 at halftime. After tying it at 10-all, then falling behind 13-10, the Redskins let their last real chance slip away when Cousins was intercepted by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie for the second time.
"I'm going to go into this offseason with a hunger that has always been there," Cousins vowed after throwing two picks against New York, "but certainly, when the season ends this way, it will be there and it will be strong."
The playoffs begin next weekend without the Redskins:
— Saturday: Raiders at Texans, Lions at Seahawks.
— Sunday: Dolphins at Steelers, Giants at Packers.
Awaiting the winners of those games will be the top seeds: No. 1 Patriots and No. 2 Chiefs in the AFC, No. 1 Cowboys and No. 2 Falcons in the NFC.
In case you missed it, here are the other top topics after the NFL season's last regular-season Sunday:
MVP?
Rodgers could wind up as the MVP, as could Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott or Falcons QB Matt Ryan. But given that the main story line heading into the season involved Tom Brady's four-game "Deflategate" suspension, it somehow would be fitting for him to wind up with the honor. He finished off the best TD-INT rate for a season in NFL history — 28-2 — as the Patriots (14-2) beat Miami 35-14 . Plus, Brady tied Peyton Manning's career record of 51 games with three or more touchdown passes and zero interceptions.
SEE YA
More coaches on the way out: Chip Kelly (San Francisco) and Mike McCoy (San Diego) were fired, while Gary Kubiak resigned because of health concerns one year after leading Denver to a Super Bowl championship. Adds those openings to earlier exits of Jeff Fisher in Los Angeles, Gus Bradley in Jacksonville, and Rex Ryan in Buffalo.
ROMO RETURNS
Playing in the regular season for the first time in more than a year, Tony Romo threw a TD pass in limited duty in place of the man who replaced him as Dallas' QB, Dak Prescott. The Cowboys lost 27-13 to the Eagles in a completely meaningless game, while Romo got a brief chance to show he could help in the postseason if needed.
QB TROUBLE
Could be quite a quarterback matchup when Oakland plays at Houston in the playoffs. That's because the Raiders, already without Derek Carr because of a broken leg, saw backup Matt McGloin hurt his shoulder injury in Sunday's 24-6 loss at the Broncos, leaving rookie Connor Cook — he of zero NFL starts — under center. And the Texans, who recently benched expensive free agent Brock Osweiler for Tom Savage, aren't sure which will play next week. Savage started Houston's 24-17 loss at Tennessee, left to be evaluated for a concussion after a QB sneak, returned after being cleared, then was held out again in the second half.
———
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
———
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter: http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
FILE PHOTO: Nikolas Cruz sits next to his attorneys appointed by the Broward Public Defender's Office as a judge determines if he can afford his own lawyer, in Broward Courthouse in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, U.S., April 11, 2018. Taimy Alvarez/Pool via REUTERS/File Photo
By Rich McKay
(Reuters) - The teen charged with shooting 17 people dead at his former high school in Parkland, Florida, boasted of plans to commit mass murder in a series of cell phone videos recorded by him before the rampage and released on Wednesday by prosecutors.
In one of the three video clips, Nikolas Cruz, 19, calmly declares, "Hello. My name is Nik and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018." He goes on to say: "My goal is to kill at least 20 people with an AR-15," referring to the assault-style rifle he is seen holding in the footage.
Brandishing the rifle at another point, Cruz says: "You're all going to die," adding with a chuckle, "Can't wait."
The video clips were part of an inventory of prosecution evidence recently shared with the defense team during the pre-trial discovery process, said Constance Jones-Simmons, a spokeswoman for the Broward County state attorney's office.
The Miami Herald and other media outlets obtained copies through a public records request after seeing mention of the footage in court documents, she told Reuters.
The three videos, none longer than 90 seconds in duration, are believed to have been made a short time before the shooting rampage on Feb. 14 at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, but Jones-Simmons said she did not know precisely when they were recorded.
Cruz, a former Stoneman Douglas student expelled for disciplinary problems, has been described by former classmates as a social misfit and trouble-maker who was fascinated with guns. Police have said they responded to numerous calls related to the teenager in the years leading up to the massacre.
But authorities, who say Cruz confessed to the killings after his arrest, have never offered a possible motive for the bloodshed. Release of the video "selfies," posted online by the Herald, shed little new light on that question except to suggest Cruz felt he was treated as an outcast.
In one video, Cruz said his former classmates thought he was "an idiot and a dumb ass." He also professed his love for a girl he mentioned only by first name, and said he hoped to see her in the "afterlife."
The gun seen in the video is apparently the rifle authorities say Cruz legally purchased from a licensed gun dealer last year and ultimately used as the murder weapon.
He is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder stemming from the Parkland killings, which rank as the second-greatest loss of life from gun violence at a public school in modern U.S. history, after a 2012 shooting rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, that left 20 first-graders and six adult educators dead.
The Florida shooting triggered an extraordinary protest movement and lobbying campaign for tougher gun control restrictions led by student survivors of the Parkland massacre and parents of the victims.
Cruz, whose own lawyer had called him a "broken human being" who feels remorse for his crimes, is being held in the Broward County jail without bond in Fort Lauderdale, and is on suicide watch, officials said.
(Reporting by Rich McKay in Atlanta; Editing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Michael Perry)
Jordan Kooy of the London Knights posted the best goals-against average (3.11) among OHL rookie goalies this season, earning the F.W. Dinty Moore Trophy for his efforts.
The 17-year-old from Bradford appeared in 24 games with a 10-8-0-1 record and a .904 save percentage. He chalked up his first OHL shutout in a 3-0 win at Kingston March 2.
Kooy played in 11 games last season while splitting his time between the Knights, St. Marys Lincolns and major midget AAA Jr. Knights, but he still considered a first-year player according to league rules.
He's in good company. The last three winners have been Matt Villalta (Soo Greyhounds), Michael DiPietro (Windsor Spitfires) and Michael McNiven (Owen Sound Attack).
Kooy is the fourth Knight to win the award, after Ryan MacDonald (2003-04), Sean Basilio (1989-90) and Barry Heard (1976-77).
The violence in Charlottesville this weekend was “absolutely repulsive,” a spokesman for German Chancellor Angela Merkel said today, as other German politicians condemned the neo-Nazi sympathies on display in the Virginia city and President Donald Trump's response.
"The scenes at the right-wing extremist march were absolutely repulsive – the racism, anti-Semitism and hate on display were in their most naked and evil form," the spokesman, Steffen Seibert, said, according to a statement from the German chancellor's office. He said what happened there was “diametrically opposed to the political goals of the chancellor and the entire German government."
The entire German government “stands in solidarity with those who peacefully stand up to aggressive, right-extremist positions,” Seibert said. He added that Merkel's “thoughts are with the family and friends of the woman who died as well as with the other victims, who we hope will completely recover.”
Several leading politicians condemned the violence, and a couple called out President Trump for not immediately condemning the neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists who marched and clashed with counterprotesters in Charlottesville on Friday and Saturday.
“What happened in the U.S. is Nazi terror, that's the only way to describe it and to call it,” Martin Schulz, the head of the Social Democratic Party and a candidate for chancellor, said today. “It's shocking that the president of the United States of America has remained silent about this kind of terror, or makes comments that would allow those who committed these acts of violence there to feel encouraged.”
Another member of Schulz's party, German Ministry of Justice Heiko Maas, echoed that criticism.
“His half-hearted dithering on the right-wing extremist violence is fatal,” Maas tweeted. “All democrats should find unambiguous words to stand up against racism. Those who can't demonstrate a definitive stand must reckon with the fact that they are empowering neo-Nazis.”
Trump on Saturday blamed “many sides” for the violence, which killed one woman and injured at least 19 others. Today, after two days of criticism for his failure to call out white nationalists by name, he specifically denounced “the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Germany has strict laws against displaying Nazi symbols and slogans. Even suggesting support for Nazi ideas is taboo.
Anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, however, has led to the rise of the right-wing, populist Alternative für Deutschland Party. But support for the party has reportedly slipped in recent months, after an AfD politician criticized Germany's tradition of taking responsibility for the Holocaust and other crimes of the Nazi era.
The Brooklyn Nets own two first-round draft picks, though not the one that has a 25 percent chance of being No. 1 overall.
They have money to spend in free agency, if they want to go that route.
So there are ways to upgrade the worst team in the NBA.
They just won't rush it.
"Listen, I know we have big strides to make and 20 wins, not enough. It's not good enough for any of us, but I do think we're going to reap the benefits of going through this struggle," coach Kenny Atkinson said Monday.
The Nets finished 20-62 in their first season under Atkinson, getting most of those victories during the final two months of the season. It was expected to be a rough season and it was, as they undertake a rebuilding process under general manager Sean Marks after years of sometimes reckless spending that never brought them close to a championship.
They won't get near one anytime soon, either. Marks used the work "strategically" about a half-dozen times Monday in his season-ending news conference to describe the way he will build the team.
The easiest chance for an immediate score in a promising draft is long gone, because the Nets have to swap picks with Boston as they're continuing paying for the trade that landed them Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett. So the Celtics will have no worse than the No. 4 pick in the draft.
But the Nets do have the Celtics' pick and acquired Washington's during the season, giving them two selections later in the first round.
"I like having two picks, that's for sure," Marks said. "I think it just gives us another swing at it."
Beyond that, the Nets could try to sign a veteran star to become the headliner of the team, but that doesn't sound like the plan.
"I think we've got to really evaluate the roster and if you go after one of the top-tier guys, you obviously would hope to get them — you hope to get all your targets that you go for — but does that really make you better? Does it get you to 30 wins, 35 wins?" Marks said.
"The objective here is for us to be in the playoffs. When that comes, we'll have to wait and see, but you don't want to go and sign free agents and next thing your payroll is capped out and so forth and you're a 25-win team."
Nets executives are bound this week for Europe, where they will meet with Russian owner Mikhail Prokhorov and do some scouting. The makeup of the roster for next season seems wide open beyond point guard Jeremy Lin, with center Brook Lopez perennial trade bait even as he adapted his game well this season to fit Atkinson's offense.
Prokhorov, who once longed to win a championship within five years, now seems on board with a gradual rebuild.
It took time to get the Nets into the situation they're in, and they're prepared to take time to get out.
"Obviously the losses weren't easy but I did understand, I think we understood what we're getting into and I know in the long run that the adversity that we had to face, it's almost like you deserve to face that," Atkinson said.
"So I kind of like that process and looking back on it, having to fight through some tough times, I think that's going to make us better in the long run. But I know it's one foot in front of the other."
Barcelona have struck a €40-million deal to sign Brazilian midfielder Paulinho from Chinese side Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao.
The Brazil international will finalise his move to the La Liga giants upon completing a medical and agreeing terms on a reported four-year deal on Thursday.
The 29-year-old will be Ernesto Valverde's first signing since the world-record €222m sale of Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain.
Barça have not confirmed the length of Paulinho's contract, but they have stated that it will include a €120m buy-out clause.
It comes after weeks of speculation over his future and marks an impressive revival in Paulinho's career.
Having struggled to convince at Tottenham following a move from Corinthians in 2013, he left to join Guangzhou two years later to link up with former Brazil boss Luiz Felipe Scolari.
Paulinho helped the club to win six trophies, including two league titles and the AFC Champions League, and his performances earned him a recall to the national team.
– This story originally appeared on FourFourTwo.co.za
WASHINGTON (AP) — Rudy Giuliani says he has repeatedly counseled President Donald Trump against firing Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite the president's ongoing anger over Sessions' decision to recuse himself from the Russia probe.
Giuliani tells The Associated Press that Trump has asked him multiple times — before and since the former New York City mayor joined the president's legal team last month — about whether Sessions should have been fired.
He says he doesn't think the president should do it, and says he's told him so.
The former mayor adds that he does not believe Trump will fire Sessions.
Segerstrom goalie Jacqueline Lopez, who helped the Jaguars capture the CIF-SS Division 4 girls water polo title in a dramatic victory over Long Beach Poly, and Newport Harbor coach Brian Melstrom, who guided the Sailors to a last-second triumph against Santa Barbara in the Division 2 final, earned two of the top awards in the All-CIF teams released Monday.
Lopez, a senior, was selected Division 4 player of the year while Melstrom was named the Division 2 coach of the year. Melstrom announced his retirement after the season.
Segerstrom's first-year coach Michael Varela took the coaching award in Division 4.
Laguna Beach placed a county-leading three players on the Division 1 team with goalie Thea Walsh, Sophia Lucas and Evan Tingler. Mater Dei's selections were Bella Baia and Grace Thawley.
Also earning All-CIF honors in Division 1 were Val Ayala and Noelle Wijnbelt of Foothill, Chloe Harbilas of Corona del Mar, Bayley Weber of Los Alamitos and Hannah Palmer of Orange Lutheran.
Ryann Neushul of Dos Pueblos earned Division 1 player of the year while Chuckie Roth of champion San Marcos collected coach of the year.
Newport Harbor placed Jessica Lynch, Sarah Barker and Kili Skibby on the Division 2 team,.
Also selected All-CIF in Division 2 were San Clemente goalie Sophia Noble and Santa Margarita's duo of Honnie Vandeweghe and Christina Doherty.
Orange County's other All-CIF selections were:
In Division 3: Bianca Becerra of Rosary
In Division 4: Destiny Hernandez of Segerstrom, goalie Meghan Lopez of Brea Olinda, Faith Cuevas of Segerstrom and Rachel Westphal of Esperanza.
In Division 5: Goalies Samantha Martinez of Santa Ana Valley and Krisa Komrij of Sunny Hills. Martinez finished the season with 405 saves.
In Division 6: Dana Twisk of Tustin, Stephanie Offner and Kelli Van Dam of runner-up Valencia, goalie Kalypso Fish of Tustin, Nicolette Janocha of Garden Grove and Tarsis Ledezma of Savanna.
In Division 7: Natalie Valentin, Bri Arostico and Briana Valencia of runner-up Los Amigos and goalie Julie Cons of Godinez,
Getty Image
Tuesday was supposed to be a slow night in the NBA world. The Warriors finished off the Rockets on Monday, setting up the fourth installment of the Cavs-Warriors reoccurring series in the NBA Finals which won't start until Thursday.
However just after 9 p.m. ET, Ben Detrick of The Ringer dropped a bombshell story that alleged five separate burner Twitter accounts were being used by Philadelphia 76ers GM Bryan Colangelo to defend himself, criticize current players, and more. The story sent the rest of NBA Twitter into a frenzy, including Joel Embiid, with a mixture of disbelief and glee at the sheer absurdity of the report, but also at how it seemed more than plausible that Colangelo, or at minimum someone close to him with inside information into the organization, was indeed running these accounts.
The specificity with which the accounts tweeted about information that had not been released on the record regarding the Sixers and the lengths they went to in order to defend Colangelo makes it hard to believe it wasn't either him or someone in his circle. In any case, the Sixers are taking the matter seriously and have launched an investigation into exactly what's happening with those accounts.
Colangelo has yet to offer a full public statement via release, instead choosing to offer statements to various reporters on the record. The latest was to Jordan Schultz of Yahoo, who Colangelo told he believes this entire thing is a set up, meant to take him down.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Some people have questioned a southwest Ohio church's decision to hand out the opioid reversal drug naloxone at a family festival.
WLWT-TV reports ( ) Holy Family Catholic Church in Cincinnati's East Price Hill neighborhood partnered with the Ohio Attorney General's Office to distribute nearly 70 overdose kits this past weekend.
Parish operations manager Jeremy Bouer said providing the kits was the right thing to do because people need to be equipped to save lives when someone overdoses.
Not everyone agrees. One woman at the festival said it was an inappropriate setting and sends the wrong message to drug users. Another woman said the church should help those in need.
Naloxone has become widely available in recent years as the opioid epidemic has taken root in Ohio, killing thousands of people.
___
Information from: WLWT-TV,
Comments
comments
A Kansas City attorney has been acquitted in the killing of her millionaire father and his girlfriend at their Missouri lake house.
The Kansas City Star ( http://bit.ly/2kx1VdE ) reports that jurors found Susan "Liz" Van Note not guilty Tuesday of two counts of first-degree murder in the 2010 attack on 67-year-old William Van Note and 59-year-old Sharon Dickson.
Dickson was stabbed and shot at the Lake of the Ozarks house and died at the scene.
William Van Note died four days later at a hospital, where authorities say his daughter produced a document suggesting she had power of attorney. Investigators say she requested that the ventilator keeping him alive be shut off.
Authorities allege Van Note was in debt and angry that Dickson would have inherited the bulk of her father's estate.
———
Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com
Wainfleet Volunteer Firefighters Association will act as the bargaining agent for Wainfleet volunteer firefighters if a report by CAO Michael Smith is passed by council.
The report, on Tuesday's agenda, says a collective agreement, passed through a November 2015 bylaw, has been in place since Jan. 1, 2015 and expires on December 31, 2018.
In February of this year, Christian Labour Association of Canada Local 920 applied to be certified as the bargaining agent for Wainfleet's volunteer firefighters.
Smith's report says there was confusion about the status of the existing agreement, and responded to CLAC 920's request saying the township and volunteers were bound to that agreement.
His report says the parties met and came to a new agreement, and that CLAC 920 will withdraw its certification application.
Smith's report also says, should “council reject the minutes of settlement, there could be potential additional legal fees to address the certification process.”
NEW YORK & LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--Moody's Corporation (NYSE:MCO) today launched a global approach to corporate social responsibility (CSR) focused on empowering people around the world with the information, resources and confidence they need to create a better future — for themselves, their communities and the environment. At the core of Moody's global CSR focus is Reshape Tomorrow, a financial empowerment initiative to help people succeed in growing a small business.
“By connecting people around the world to knowledge, opportunity and tools to pursue their goals, we can help open doors to a better future,” said Raymond McDaniel, President and Chief Executive Officer of Moody's. “Our CSR strategy builds on Moody's unique business strengths to make a lasting difference in people's lives by helping them overcome barriers that limit success in the evolving global economy.”
Through Reshape Tomorrow, Moody's will partner with organizations around the world to give small-business owners access to vital information about the credit process and help them connect to sources of financing.
“Small businesses are a significant force in economic growth, yet many entrepreneurs struggle to access credit or loans because they aren't familiar with how the financial realm operates,” said Arlene Isaacs-Lowe, Global Head of CSR at Moody's. “Our vision for Reshape Tomorrow is to help people all over the world — especially women and untapped groups — gain the tools and financial knowledge they need to build a more prosperous future for themselves and their communities.”
Moody's is seeking proposals from nonprofits to help provide Reshape Tomorrow programs and resources in business development, financial empowerment and other areas. Organizations can submit a proposal by May 31, 2018 to be considered for philanthropic grants and non-financial support, including Moody's employee volunteers and other capacity-building assistance. To learn more, or to submit a proposal, visit https://csr.moodys.io.
In addition to empowering people with financial knowledge through the Reshape Tomorrow initiative, Moody's global CSR approach has two other focal points:
Activating an environmentally sustainable future. Moody's strives to make a positive difference by helping markets better assess the value of environmental sustainability. For example, Moody's Investors Service (MIS) is taking a more systematic approach to incorporating environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations into its credit analysis to create more transparent and measurable links between sustainability and creditworthiness. Through its Green Bond Assessments, MIS provides information about the relative effectiveness of bond issuers' administration, management and reporting for environmentally beneficial projects, ranging from energy-efficient building construction to municipal wastewater reduction systems. Also, MIS regularly presents its views on ESG credit considerations to environmental policymakers, standards bodies and regulatory officials. In addition, Moody's and its employees continually take steps to reduce the company's adverse impact on the planet. Moody's has adopted a company-wide Environmental & Sustainability Policy that sets the goal of reducing the environmental impact of its operations by using natural resources more efficiently. More than half of Moody's global office space is in LEED-certified green buildings. Moody's has also established procurement policies and a Vendor Code of Conduct reflecting its environmental values, and created an employee-led Environmental Task Force. As a participant in the Financial Stability Board's (FSB) Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Moody's helped develop recommendations for companies to voluntarily disclose climate-related financial risks and opportunities to encourage standardized reporting and transparency. Moody's CEO and CFO signed statements of support for the TCFD recommendations, which Moody's has implemented. Helping young people reach their potential. Moody's works with schools and nonprofits around the world to help prepare young people for successful careers in finance, technology and economics. The company helps create and expand mentorship initiatives, skills-development programs, internships, and other educational opportunities for students.
Moody's CSR approach reflects the company's deep commitment to integrity, diversity and inclusion, and strengthening local communities. Moody's employees play an integral role in driving the company's CSR progress through contributions including volunteer and giving programs and pro bono expertise. The Moody's Foundation also provides grant support for many of our partnerships and initiatives. Details can be found at https://csr.moodys.io.
ABOUT MOODY'S CORPORATION
Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE:MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The corporation, which reported revenue of $4.2 billion in 2017, employs approximately 11,900 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 41 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005241/en/
CONTACT: Moody's Corporation
STEPHEN MAIRE, +1 212-553-7424
Global Head of Investor Relations and Communications
stephen.maire@moodys.com
or
MICHAEL ADLER, +1 212-553-4667
Senior Vice President
Corporate Communications
michael.adler@moodys.com
KEYWORD: UNITED KINGDOM UNITED STATES EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CANADA NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT INTERNET NETWORKS SOFTWARE SMALL BUSINESS PHILANTHROPY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BANKING FINANCE OTHER PHILANTHROPY
SOURCE: Moody's Corporation Investor Relations
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 08:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 08:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005241/en
Transcript for Girls go on trial separately in Slender Man stabbing case: Part 5
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
CAIRO (AP) — When the sole candidate running against Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi held a rally in downtown Cairo recently, all of 30 people showed up. And that wasn't even the biggest sign of the hollowness of his campaign.
Even more telling was one of the chants by the supporters of Moussa Mustafa Moussa, a virtually unknown politician who surfaced just so el-Sissi wouldn't run alone. It was hardly a resolute victory cry.
"Whether Moussa wins or el-Sissi wins, either is our president!" they shouted.
There is no question the general-turned-president el-Sissi will win a second four-year term. But the March 26-28 election will likely be remembered as the event that signaled Egypt's break with the little pretense it had left of democratic rule, seven years after a popular uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in the name of democracy.
The election was preceded by a purge of would-be opposing candidates, unprecedented even under Mubarak's nearly 30-year rule. Authorities also clamped down on the media, even egging the public to report anyone they feel is depicting Egypt in a bad light.
The question raised by many observers is why such extreme measures were taken to ensure a vote el-Sissi would probably win anyway.
El-Sissi seems convinced a genuinely contested election could destabilize the country, allow Islamists a back door into politics or interfere with his drive to revive the battered economy.
El-Sissi was first elected in a 2014 landslide after, as army chief, he led the military's ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. He kept much of that popularity while ferociously cracking down on Islamists and secular dissenters.
He has insisted stability must take priority over freedoms as he carried out large-scale infrastructure projects and painful austerity reforms. With those reforms, el-Sissi has succeeded in bringing some life back to the economy, though at the cost of inflation. El-Sissi has also made a name for himself on the international stage as a champion against Islamic militancy.
After the election, el-Sissi and his supporters will very likely attempt to get rid of the constitution's two term limit on the presidency, said Paul Salem, a senior Middle East expert from the Washington-based Middle East Institute.
"It might be the view of el-Sissi and his administration that this is needed for stability for economic and security reasons," Salem told The Associated Press. "My own personal view is that this buys stability for the short term but makes any transfer of power which has to happen sooner or later much more difficult."
El-Sissi hasn't bothered to campaign in person. Instead, the streets of Cairo and other cities have been swamped in a tidal wave of billboards, banners and posters with his image declaring: "He is the hope."
A decent turnout is the one thing left to give the election a measure of respectability. El-Sissi's supporters have organized rallies urging the public to vote. Pro-government media proclaim that voting is a religious duty and failing to do so is "high treason." Moussa's supporters chanted at his rally that would-be boycotters are traitors and cowards.
Imad Hussein, the pro-el-Sissi editor of Al-Shorouk newspaper, criticized the handling of the election, not because the field was engineered but because it wasn't done smoothly.
"We, of course, hoped to have a genuinely contested election," he wrote last month. "But since we don't have that, the government was supposed to at least prepare the stage to make it look democratic."
The methodical elimination of opponents suggested el-Sissi felt a vulnerability, particularly to a candidate rooted in the military who could exploit possible cracks in his popularity, whether over pain from economic reforms, resentment over crackdowns or frustration over continued militant violence.
Several candidates dropped out citing intimidation and harassment. But the harshest treatment was dealt out to two former generals: former military chief of staff Maj. Gen. Sami Annan and former air force general Ahmed Shafiq, who came a close second in the 2012 presidential election.
The 70-year-old Annan was arrested three days after he announced his candidacy in January and is still in a military prison. One of his top aides, Hisham Genena, was beat up by thugs and later arrested as well.
Even before his arrest, Annan was under surveillance for months and was directly advised to not run, said senior security officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media.
"He was fully aware of the consequences ... The warnings were crystal clear," one official said.
Shafiq was living in the United Arab Emirates when, in November, he announced plans to run. The Emiratis promptly deported him to Egypt, where he was immediately detained in a hotel. For days, security officials berated him to drop out of the race as pro-government media launched a campaign to discredit him, warning of corruption cases and exposure of alleged sexual indiscretions.
Shafiq buckled, announcing his withdrawal on Jan. 7. He remained effectively under house arrest, the officials said.
Annan and Shafiq would have offered an alternative for voters seeking change but wary of parting company with the military.
But more worrisome, their candidacies fueled speculation about possible fissures within the military, which prides itself on iron-clad unity and secrecy.
It is not known whether their bids to run against el-Sissi had any support among senior officers. But other developments have raised question marks, such as unexplained dismissals in past months of the military's chief of staff and the head of the General Intelligence Directorate, Egypt's version of the CIA, who also hails from the military. Government-controlled media have briefly mentioned conflicts among security and intelligence agencies, and there have been unconfirmed reports of top generals being sidelined.
"The regime is super sensitive," said Michael W. Hanna, an Egypt expert from New York's Century Foundation, "but it may also be facing internal tensions and rivalries that are seeping out into the public domain."
A 23-year-old University of Akron accounting student has been named the nation's top grocery bagger after claiming the Ohio title two years in a row.
The Medina (meh-DY'-nuh) Gazette ( http://bit.ly/2lOUoJ0 ) reports Brady Long returns to Wadsworth with a $10,000 prize after winning the National Grocers Association's Best Bagger championship.
Long packs up groceries at Buehler's Fresh Foods. He competed against nearly two dozen others during the bagging championship in Las Vegas, where they were judged on speed, technique and other factors, including style and attitude.
He says he'll use the prize money to help him replace his current vehicle, a 1996 van.
———
Information from: The Medina County Gazette, http://www.medina-gazette.com
A Seattle-area man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation under a policy by President Barack Obama is suing the federal government over his arrest and detention last week.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrested 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina on Friday at his father's home. Agents were there to arrest his father and took Ramirez into custody even though he has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, court documents said.
ICE spokeswoman Rose Richeson said in a statement that Ramirez told agents he was a gang member and based on those statements and being a "risk to public safety," he was taken into custody.
Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded that Ramirez "unequivocally denies being in a gang" and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate.
"While in custody, he was repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit affiliation," Rosenbaum said.
Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams told The Associated Press that Ramirez — who was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when he was 7 — has a job, a young son and no criminal record. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma, Washington.
Adams said Ramirez is the first person he knows of with DACA status who has been detained.
"This appears to be a complete one-off," Adams said. "We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well."
Attorneys for Ramirez argue the arrest violates his constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as he satisfies DACA requirements.
"Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word," Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. "Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values."
Emily Langlie, a spokeswoman for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit. A hearing in the case has been scheduled for Friday in federal court in Seattle.
Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat.
President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of his campaign, saying he will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. He has said he wants to focus on people who have committed crimes.
During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012.
"We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud," he told the magazine.
Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an "operational memo" because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously.
Adams said he believes Ramirez was apprehended by mistake.
"I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong," Adams said. "Hopefully they're going to come to their senses."
AP photo
Kim Yen Ryong, deputy Ambassador of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to the United Nations, stated that the United States of America has "created a dangerous situation, in which a nuclear war may start at any moment."
"This poses a serious threat to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula," the official said, RIA Novosti reports.
Later, Kim Ying Ryong also said that US President Donald Trump "has gone crazy" by unleashing a war with North Korea, Express reports. The diplomat, the publication said, warned that military actions could become "a very real possibility" and stressed that "increased tensions have created a situation of emergency."
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Getty Image
Not all heroes wear capes. When Post Malone turned up at Coachella this weekend and noticed his friends and fans were hungry, he didn't just sit idly by and watch them starve in the desert heat, he sprung to action. According to TMZ, the “Congratulations” rapper decided to drop $8,000 on 10,000 Popeyes biscuits and had them delivered to the party, using, what else, but Postmates. Apparently the car that showed up was stacked to the roof with boxes of food.
Fans and admirers all over social media loudly applauded Posty's show of Louisiana-fried generosity.
omfg ok Post Malone literally ordered 10,000 Popeyes biscuits from PostMates and called himself Postmate Malone and this is why he's an icon — Sadie Miller (@thatgirlmerc) April 17, 2017
Post Malone really bought a bunch of Popeyes chicken for his party pic.twitter.com/JzHJE0Ezqw — scary terry (@_ahoyally) April 17, 2017
also also the dream: delivering 10,000 worth of popeyes biscuits to post malone — :) :) :) :) :) :) (@amelendez1996) April 17, 2017
@PostMalone just bought popeyes for everyone at his party wtf this man is my inspiration. — Sayyed Corona (@cbxtra) April 17, 2017
This latest act is just another feather in the cap of Post Malone who's currently on a pretty impressive wave. His most recent album Stoney, was just certified gold for sales exceeding half a million in February, and he's riding high the success of the breakout single “Congratulations” which he performed live on Late Night With Seth Meyers last month alongside both Quavo and Metro Boomin. Then, in December he revealed on Twitter he's got a whole new project already in the works, writing, “Beerbongs and bentleys isn't a song…. It's a whole project.”
beerbongs and bentleys isn't a song…. It's a whole project. also a lifestyle 🍻and it's coming 💛 — Beerbongs & Bentleys (@PostMalone) December 29, 2016
It's nice to see him spreading around the love and good vibes to his fans.
By Ernie Palladino
» More Ernie Palladino Columns
In one move, Brian Cashman minimized all the questions about Aaron Boone's lack of experience.
That doesn't matter now. By acquiring Giancarlo Stanton, Cashman effectively turned his rookie skipper into a push-button manager. Or as close as it gets in this era of analytics and soft-love player communication, anyway.
Boone will still have to deal with certain lineup and rotation decisions. But for the most part, he now takes over a team that is World Series ready thanks to the generosity of its old shortstop, Derek Jeter. The funneling north of the NL MVP for Starlin Castro and a couple of low-level prospects by the Marlins' new co-owner desperate to free up dough for his debt-ridden franchise may only the beginning of a talent pipeline reminiscent of the one that brought Roger Maris and others from the Kansas City Athletics in the early 1960s.
But regardless of who comes in the future, getting Stanton and his 59 homers is the move that should set up the Yanks to storm the American League.
Boone need only to run out his lineup every day and watch the balls fly.
Analytics? Put the binders aside. The only numbers Boone needs to heed now are 59, 52, 33, 25, and 21. Those were the 2017 home run totals for Stanton, Aaron Judge, Gary Sanchez, Didi Gregorius, and Brett Gardner. And they don't even take in the numbers Greg Bird is expected to produce provided his repaired ankle and late-season progress continue on their current paths.
What pitcher in his right mind wants to face a lineup that reads Gardner, Judge, Sanchez, Stanton, Bird, Gregorius? There's not a weak spot until it gets to the bottom three of Chase Headley, and Gleyber Torres, the super-rookie expected to replace Castro at second, and whoever takes Jacoby Ellsbury's place if Cashman succeeds in unloading him during the Winter Meetings this week.
Stanton and Judge alone have gotten people talking about a new addition of the “M&M Boys” — Mantle and Maris — but the top of the 2018 lineup would spell out an entire acronym if not for want of a vowel or two.
MORE: Sweeny: Stanton-Judge Possibilities Are Endless — Just Ask Maris, Mantle Families
As with anything, there are concerns. The 28-year-old Stanton has endured several trips to the disabled list in his career. He missed 88 games in 2015 from swinging too hard at a pitch, and lost the last 17 games of 2014 when he took a pitch in the face. Other lengthy absences happened in 2011, '12, and '13.
But Stanton did play in all but three games last year. If his health holds, Boone's biggest problem may involve when to rotate him between the outfield and DH.
Then there are the strikeouts. He finished among the top 10 in three of his eight seasons. Last year's 163 ranked seventh. And with Judge's league-leading 208, that scares the dickens out of some folks.
It shouldn't. Homers and strikeouts are the name of the game now. With everybody upper-cutting for the long ball, the “Golden Sombrero” has gone from shameful to merely an occupational hazard. For Boone's purposes, it's better to strike out than have a DP take his team out of a possible three-run shot.
Forget about hitting and running. No need to steal, not that that was a big part of the Yanks' offensive philosophy to begin with. But station-to-station ball has never looked so good in the Bronx.
On the business end, picking up the remaining 10 years, $295 million will make it hard, but not impossible, to stay under baseball's $197 million luxury tax threshold. No matter. Summoning the ghosts of Babe Ruth's “Murderer's Row” and the “M&M Boys” easily trumped any financial considerations.
In fact, it became a fine investment not only for the offense, but also for a rookie manager who doesn't need a mountain of pre-game moves to clutter up his thinking.
For Boone, it at least starts with pushing buttons. Set that monstrous top six, fiddle with the bottom three, run them out there, and watch them destroy the ballpark.
Pitching? That's a discussion for another day.
Please follow Ernie on Twitter at @ErniePalladino
A teenage driver has sadly died following a two-vehicle crash.
The 18-year-old woman who was driving a Fiat 500 was involved in a collision with a Audi A3, on the B6287 Merrington Road between Ferryhill and Kirk Merrington around 8.25pm on Friday, February 2.
She suffered fatal injuries and tragically died at the scene.
Her passenger, a 19-year-old man, was taken to James Cook University Hospital, in Middlesbrough, where he is receiving treatment for his injuries.
The 26-year-old driver of the Audi suffered leg injuries and was taken to University Hospital of North Durham.
His passenger, a 27-year-old man, was transported to James Cook University Hospital where he remains in a serious condition.
The cars were travelling in opposite directions at the time of the collision.
Anybody who witnessed the incident is asked to contact Durham Constabulary on 101 and ask to speak to the Collision Investigation Unit.
A banned driver crashed his car in a busy car park just as he was about to get his licence back after completing a drink-driving rehabilitation course.
Brian Daley was apprehended after staff at the Wouldhave, in Mile End Road, South Shields, told police he had refused to leave.
The Wouldhave, Mile End Road South Shields
When police arrived, the 28-year-old crashed his Suzuki Grand Vitara before their eyes.
Prosecutor Glenda Beck said: “At shortly before 6.50pm on November 18, police attended the Wouldhave pub, following a report of a male who was refusing to leave.
“The male then got into a vehicle and crashed into a bin.
“Door staff pointed out the Suzuki which was driving slowly towards them.
He had just finished the drink-driver rehabilitation programme offered by the court on a previous occasion and he was looking forward to getting his licence back Probation report
“When he got out of the vehicle appeared drunk and became abusive.”
Ms Beck said that when he was breathalysed, Daley tested positive for alcohol, so a blood test was required, which he refused.
The court heard he was previously disqualified from driving for 22 months after he was caught drink driving.
Daley pleaded guilty to driving whilst disqualified to the latest charge, failing to provide a specimen and having no insurance.
A Probation Service report stated: “He had just finished the drink-driver rehabilitation programme offered by the court on a previous occasion and he was looking forward to getting his licence back.”
Jason Smith, defending, said he had a positive reference from Daley's employer, Ronco.
Mr Smith said: “To say that he's done well and turned his life around is an understatement. He's a team-player, he's dedicated and hard-working.
“If he loses his liberty he loses everything.
“Brian has made a very, very foolish mistake.
“He's complied with everything on the drink-driver rehabilitation programme.”
Daley, of, Canon Cockin Street, Hendon, Sunderland, was sentenced to 18 weeks' imprisonment, suspended for 24 months, and was banned from driving for three years.
He was also told to pay £85 costs and a £115 surcharge.
Marines of the 1st Marine Division salute during the ceremony in which Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith presents the posthumous Silver Star to the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith presents the posthumous Silver Star to the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith, right, presents the posthumous Silver Star to the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. They are from left: Mary Schoelch of Minneapolis, Tom Sauer, of La Jolla, Nick Sauer of La Jolla and Coulter Winn of Monrovia. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith embraces Mary Schoelch of Minneapolis, sister of Lt. Philip Sauer, after she and her brothers were awarded the posthumous Silver Star for her brother, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Marine Bill Marks, 72, of Rockport, Massachusetts, talks about Lt. Philip Sauer and the final minutes they were together in Vietnam on April 24,1967, before Sauer was killed. Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith presented the posthumous Silver Star to the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer, on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Marine Bill Marks, 72, of Rockport, Massachusetts, speaks with Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith, left, after Smith presented the posthumous Silver Star to the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer, on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The certificate that went with the Silver Star that Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith presented posthumously to the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mary Schoelch of Minneapolis, sister of Lt. Philip Sauer, speaks after she and her brothers were awarded the posthumous Silver Star for her brother, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
The 1st Marine band plays as Marines march to the ceremony in which Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith presents the posthumous Silver Star to the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith speaks after he awarded the posthumous Silver Star to the siblings of Lt Philip Sauer, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Lieutenant Colonel David Little speaks during the ceremony in which Marine Corps Major General Eric M. Smith presents the posthumous Silver Star to the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mary Schoelch of Minneapolis, sister of Lt. Philip Sauer, speaks about her brother, after she and her brothers were awarded the posthumous Silver Star for her brother, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Nick Sauer of La Jolla, left, brother of Lt. Philip Sauer, speaks to Marine Bill Marks, 72, right, of Rockport, Massachusetts following the ceremony in which Lt. Philip Sauer was posthumously awarded the Silver Star after being killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. Marks was the sole survivor of the group that Sauer was in and the last one to see him alive. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Nick Sauer of La Jolla, brother of Lt. Philip Sauer, speaks about his brother, after he and his brothers and sister were awarded the posthumous Silver Star for his brother, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Tom Sauer, of La Jolla, brother of Lt. Philip Sauer, speaks about his brother, after he and his brothers and sister were awarded the posthumous Silver Star for his brother, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Coulter Winn of Monrovia, brother of Lt. Philip Sauer, speaks about his brother, after he and his brothers and sister were awarded the posthumous Silver Star for his brother, who was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Marine Bill Marks, 72, center, of Rockport, Massachusetts speaks to the media following the ceremony in which the siblings of Lt. Philip Sauer were posthumously awarded the Silver Star after he was killed in action in Vietnam on April 24,1967, 51 years to the day, during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton on Tuesday April 24, 2018. Marks was the sole survivor of the group that Sauer was in and the last one to see him alive. (Photo by Mark Rightmire, Orange County Register/SCNG)
CAMP PENDLETON — First Lt. Philip H. Sauer and four Marines were sent on a reconnaissance mission to the top of hill 861 to get a better view of a cave complex suspected to be a North Vietnamese Army holdout in the bamboo-filled jungle. It was April 24, 1967 — the heart of the Vietnam War.
The squad — two Marines from 1st Battalion, 9th Marines; a two-man artillery forward observer team; and Sauer — were thrown together for the mission that followed an attack of mortars that had pounded the hilly terrain outside Khe Sanh.
As they began their climb, it started to rain. Minutes later, they were ambushed by a group of more than 30 entrenched North Vietnamese. The Marine on the point was hit and killed instantly and Sauer, 24, armed with a .45 caliber pistol, fired against the North Vietnamese machine guns.
“It was real close combat,” Bill Marks said Tuesday, April 24, recalling the incident. “I looked at the lieutenant and he had his .45 and I had my M-16. He said, ‘You fall back and I'll meet up with you.' We (Marks and another Marine) were running and the bullets were flying. Suddenly, I stopped hearing the distinct sound of his .45. The other Marine had been hit and I found the radio operator with a bullet in his back. I kept running.”
Marks, 72, of Rockport, Mass., then a private first class, was the squad's sole survivor. Sauer died in the opening skirmish of the Hill Fights. The battles at Khe Sanh, including the Hill Fights, would later be known as the siege of Khe Sanh. About 155 Marines died and 455 were wounded in the Hill Fights.
On Tuesday — 51 years to the day after Sauer's death — Marks was among more than 60 who gathered in a Silver Star Medal award ceremony at the 1st Marine Division headquarters at Camp Pendleton to recognize his heroic efforts.
Also in attendance were Sauer's four siblings — Coulter Winn, 66, of Monrovia; Tom Sauer, 70, of La Jolla; Nick Sauer, 77, of La Jolla; and Mary Schoelch, 74, of Minneapolis, Minn. Seven nieces and nephews also were on hand.
The ceremony began with music from the 1st Marine Division Band. As Marines and sailors looked on, the award was presented to Sauer's siblings by Major General Eric M. Smith, commanding general of the 1st Marine Division.
The Silver Star is the nation's third-highest valor decoration.
“For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action against the enemy while serving with the 1st Battalion/9th Marines in the Republic of Vietnam 24 April 1967,” Sauer's citation reads. “Lt. Sauer's bold action, courage under fire and complete devotion to duty reflected in great credit to him and were in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Marine Corps and the U.S. Naval Service.”
“This is what right looks like,” said Smith, reinforcing Sauer's role in sacrificing his life for Marines he had just met. “Today, 51 years to the date after he gave his life for his country and fellow Marines, we're able to recognize Lt. Sauer. Lt. Sauer did what was right. He did it armed with a pistol against 30 men. Who does that? Phil Sauer did that. That act is a matter of Naval record.”
But neither Sauer, nor his family, would have received the recognition were it not for a conversation between Sauer's brother Tom Sauer and retired Marine Corps Lt. Col. David Little, 77, of La Jolla. The two men, friends through a mutual love of open water swimming, first discussed Phil Sauer in 2015.
Tom Sauer mentioned his brother had been killed in Vietnam and received a Purple Heart. Details of the death prompted Little, who served from 1963-1983, to do some investigating. After poring over the Internet, the National Archives, oral interviews, and an article in the military newspaper Stars and Stripes, Little thought Phil Sauer might deserve more.
“The more I found, the more I realized he had been overlooked,” said Little, who in his active duty role had compiled awards recommendations for Marines. “Then it was, ‘How do you do this? Marine Corps is pretty stingy, they don't give awards out easily.”
Little found Marks — a surviving eyewitness to Sauer's heroism — and Sauer's company commander, Barclay Hastings, of Columbus, Ohio, both needed for the award recommendation.
Nine months after Marks began researching Sauer — and 49 years after Sauer was killed — Little submitted a 25-page recommendation to the Secretary of the Navy in January 2016. When he heard back in August 2017, with a request to contact the family, Little thought it might be time to tell Tom Sauer what he had done.
Though the men swim up to three miles together every morning in the coves of La Jolla, Little had never mentioned the hundreds of hours he had spent working on trying to get the Silver Star for Phil Sauer.
“He sent me an email saying,' I need to talk to you,'” Tom Sauer said, Tuesday, adding he thought the formality between men who see each other daily was odd.
The next day, following their swim, Little told Sauer, “I submitted a recommendation for an award for Phil. They told me there will be something but I don't know what.”
“I was in awe of him,” Tom Sauer said. “I had tremendous respect for what he had done.”
In March, the Sauer family was notified that Phil would receive the Silver Star. Winn, Sauer's youngest brother, credits Little for his brother's award.
Winn said he still remembers coming home from school on Coronado Island and seeing a government vehicle in front of the house. His parents were given the report that Phil Sauer was missing. Later, he recalled, his father told him, “Don't get your hopes up, they don't take prisoners in Vietnam.”
A week later, Winn said, he was at school and as he walked through the hallway, students stood staring at him. He was told to go to the principal's office and found his father there waiting for him.
“Phil is dead,” he recalled his father saying.
Winn remembered his brother as someone with compassion for others and for animals.
“He had this 1962 Chevy Impala, and he'd work on it in the driveway,” Winn said. “He explained how the car engine worked. It was cool — he'd actually take time to do that. He'd take me on ride-alongs in Coronado and on a two-man rubber raft in Coronado Bay. He was a hero, too. He saved kittens lost in a drain pipe.”
Finding out about his brother's sacrifice wasn't surprising.
“None of us ever know if we have that kind of bravery,” Winn said. “Until you're put into a situation where you have to make that choice.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — An eye-catching Los Angeles hot dog stand designed in the 1940s to look like a giant wiener on a bun has found a home a decade after closing.
The Tail o' the Pup, which fed working people and Hollywood stars for 60 years, will be moved Thursday for permanent display at Valley Relics Museum, home to many pop culture items. The unique structure, which appeared in TV shows and movies and was named a Los Angeles cultural landmark, has been in a storage yard since its walk-up window shut for the final time in 2005.
Nicole Miller, whose husband Jay's family has owned the Pup since the 1970s, said they'd hoped to find a new location to serve its famous all-beef franks once again, but couldn't secure permits.
The family is glad the museum “is willing to take it, restore it, and put it on display,” she told the Los Angeles Daily News (http://bit.ly/2saLuci ).
The chicken wire and stucco dog measured 18 feet from nose to tail with a line of mustard running across its service window.
Designed by architect Milton Black and opened in 1946, the Tail o' the Pup was built to catch the attention of passing motorists during an era when cars were king.
It's a rare surviving example of when giant doughnuts, chili bowls and coffee cups dotted Los Angeles curbs from the 1920s to after World War II, the newspaper said.
“The Tail o' the Pup was clearly among the best known of the ‘programmatic' buildings – buildings that often looked like products sold inside,” said Cindy Olnick of the Los Angeles Conservancy, a preservation group. “The whole building, besides the sign, was an advertisement.”
—
Information from: (Los Angeles) Daily News, http://www.dailynews.com
Comments
comments
GENEVA (AP) — Swiss pharmaceuticals company Roche saw a modest 3 percent rise in its underlying profits last year, largely as a result of a strong performance in the United States.
Roche, which does not break out its fourth-quarter results, also projected sales growth in the high single-digits in percentage points in 2018.
The Basel-based company, which employs 94,000 worldwide, said core operating profit rose to 19.01 billion Swiss francs ($20.4 billion) in 2017, up from 18.42 billion francs a year earlier. Net profit fell 9 percent to 8.825 billion francs as a result of a series of charges.
Roche said recently launched multiple sclerosis medicine Ocrevus, cancer immunotherapy Tecentriq and lung cancer treatment Alecensa contributed 1.4 billion francs in new sales, or nearly two-thirds of growth in the pharmaceuticals division.
Do you have a favorite sculpture among those featured in the 2018 Watertown Artwalk? If you haven't taken the time to check them out yet, it's…
Macedonian Prime Minister Zoran Zaev said on Wednesday that any new name proposed for his country would be put to a public referendum.
His comment came as the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Greece appeared to be nearing agreement on a name-change for Athens' northern neighbor.
"We agree on the foundations and principles of the accord," Zaev told journalists.
He said more details would be disclosed after a phone call with his Greek counterpart Alexis Tsipras on Wednesday evening or Thursday.
"We'll only reveal all the details afterwards," Zaev said.
The name dispute goes back to 1991 when Skopje declared its independence from war-torn Yugoslavia, and the new government chose the name "Republic of Macedonia."
The name choice infuriated Athens. Historically Macedonia or Macedon was a sizable country that included territory that today is northern Greece. Ancient Greek ruler Alexander the Great was also known as Alexander III of Macedon. Concerned that the new country might have territorial ambitions, Greece insisted that their new neighbor be referred to as the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, or FYROM.
That is the name under which they were admitted to the United Nations in 1993.
As a member of both NATO and the European Union, Greece has veto power over prospective members, and has used that authority to block their neighbor from joining both organizations.
Some possible names
Athens is demanding that any name change for its northern neighbor be backed with a constitutional amendment and for it to be applied to the "erga omnes" ("towards all") legal principle, meaning it is to be used universally both in and out of Macedonia.
Several countries, including the United States and Russia, have already recognized the country as "Macedonia."
Prime Minister Zaev said parliaments in both countries would need to ratify any agreement before it could be put to a public vote. He said that the time between parliamentary approval and a plebiscite would be "around a month," adding that a referendum would likely be held in September or October.
Zaev also said it was important to resolve the issue well ahead of a NATO summit meeting on July 11-12.
"We want to give Greece sufficient time to send a letter to NATO," ahead of the summit, he said.
Among the names being rumored are "New Macedonia" and "Upper Macedonia."
The latter is reportedly a favorite, a senior Macedonian official told AFP. Zaev, however, remained tight-lipped on the possible choices.
"I would not comment on certain benchmarks, adjectives or additions to the name," Zaev told journalists, "because we are in the final phase of a possible solution for a more than 25-year-old problem."
bik/msh (AFP, AP)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
7:00 CNN Nieuws
7:35 Roep Van De Bruidegom
8:10 Fitness:Shaun T Dance Party Booty Shakin
9:00 CNN Nieuws
9:35 Sranan Tori:Mix Max
10:00 Tv.film:Surviving Christmas
11:35 Nella The Princess Knight
12:00 CNN Nieuws
12:35 Tv.film:Chloe And Theo
14:00 Super Hit Video:Super Pop Clips
15:00 The Wonderful World Of Disney:Magical Holiday Celebration
16:30 When Animals Strike
17:15 Gado Wortoe Taki So En Bijbel Wortoe Leri Wi So
18:00 ATV Nieuws
18:45 The Great Christmas Light Fight
19:30 My Floating Home
20:00 This Is US
21:00 ATV Sports
21:50 Trekking:Tek.2/Double Tek.2/Match.3/High.5
22:00 Being Mary Jane
22:45 Gotham
23:30 Caribbean Newsline
00:01 Herhaling ATV Nieuws
00:40 Snowfall
01:30 Tv.film:Blood Ties
03:40 World Toughest Fixes:High Voltage Power Lines
04:30 Between
05:15 House Of Lies
05:45 The Adventures Of Tin Tin
06:30 CNN Nieuws
(Wijzigingen Voorbehouden)
Church leaders on Monday reminded the faithful that they do not need to touch the image of the Black Nazarene to be blessed and be called a true believer.
“Hindi naman para humawak doon sa imahe. Hindi iyon ang objective ng isang deboto. Ang objective ng isang deboto ay sumama sa prusisyon,” said Fr. Douglas Badong, parochial vicar of Quiapo Church.
(It's not about touching the image. That is not the objective of a devotee. The objective of a devotee is to join the procession.)
ADVERTISEMENT
Nazarene devotees are known to crowd near the image, with many of them attempting to ride the “andas” or the carriage bearing the statue during the “traslacion.”
This results in a slow procession that can last for more than 20 hours as the image's carriage is pulled from Quirino Grandstand to Quiapo Church.
Badong said adults should explain to younger participants that it is not about touching the “andas” or the image.”
If they want to touch the statue, he said they can go to Quiapo Church this week while the number of visiting devotees is still manageable.
On Monday morning, people have started lining up at Quiapo Church to visit the 400-year-old cross-bearing image of Christ.
Badong said last year's event, which officially starts on Dec. 31 and ends on Jan. 10, attracted around 15 million people.
“It's a good thing na buhay pa rin ang pananampalataya ng mag tao (It's a good thing that the people's faith is still alive),” he said.
They expect this year's crowd to be around 15 to 18 million.
Prepare
The priest reminded participants to be ready “mentally, physically, emotionally and spiritually.”
He said those planning to join the procession should make sure that they had enough rest and had eaten enough food because it will be difficult for them to leave once they have joined the procession.
“Yung mga medyo may karamdaman, mga may high blood wag na po magpumilit (Those who are sick, those who have high blood pressure should not insist to join),” Badong said.
He also reminded devotees to cut their toenails. He said it is a simple thing but a large number of injuries reported during the procession are usually because of people trampling on each other.
Penelope Belmonte, executive director of the National Parks Development Committee, said there will be portable restrooms at the Luneta Park where the procession will start on Jan. 9.
She also reminded parents not to bring their children since they receive many reports of missing children during the procession.
Badong said those who have no choice but to bring children should make sure that they have identification cards with them.
Even adults should have identification cards, he said, in case they need to be brought to the hospital for a health emergency.
Alternatives
Quiapo Church rector Msgr. Hernando Coronel said their social communications group will try to use Facebook Live during the procession to share the event with those who are unable to join.
There will also be simultaneous Black Nazarene processions in Cagayan de Oro and Tagum City. CDG
RELATED STORIES
TOKYO (AP) — U.S. Vice President Mike Pence assured Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday that the United States stands “100 percent” behind its anchor ally in Asia in working to defuse risks from North Korea's nuclear program.
Pence struck a stern tone as he began talks with Abe and other Japanese leaders after arriving at a U.S. naval base from South Korea.
“We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan,” Pence said. “We are with you 100 percent.”
The Trump administration has signaled a more forceful U.S. stance toward North Korea's recent missile tests and threats, including a warning from Trump that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has “gotta behave.”
On Monday, Pence traveled to the tense Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea, where he warned North Korea's leaders that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patience is over.”
A senior North Korean official then accused the United States of bringing the countries to the brink of thermonuclear war.
At the outset of his meeting with Abe, Pence said that “While all options are on the table,” Trump was determined to work with Japan, South Korea and other allies in the region to resolve the problem.
Pence, on a 10-day Asia trip that will also take him to Indonesia and Australia, said Trump hopes China will use its leverage to get its longtime ally North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program. But the vice president expressed impatience with the unwillingness of the North to move toward ridding itself of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi made a new appeal Tuesday for calm on the Korean Peninsula.
Wang told reporters that although U.S. officials have made clear that a military strike remains on the table, he believes that Washington would still prefer to de-escalate tensions through multi-sided talks.
Abe said Japan likewise hopes for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, “but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless.” Pressure on North Korea is crucial, the prime minister said.
After meeting with Abe, Pence held talks with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso on a new U.S.-Japan “economic dialogue” to be led by the two.
The new forum for trade talks was launched by Trump and Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February. In part, it is meant to take the place of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the regional trade pact that Trump withdrew from shortly after taking office.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
Pence's advisers told reporters that he hopes to win better U.S. access to Japanese markets and to attract more Japanese investment in the U.S.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade. With no U.S. trade representative yet in office and other key negotiator positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
The loss of U.S. participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership was a blow to Japan following strenuous negotiations, especially over opening its long-protected farm sector to more imports, especially of dairy and meat products.
Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters over the weekend that Japan might push ahead with a revised, 11-nation version of the TPP despite the U.S. rejection of the trade accord.
For now, both sides seem eager to downplay potential for conflict.
“My understanding is that our talks are premised not on friction but on cooperation,” Aso told reporters before Pence's arrival.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in his home state.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who met with Japan's trade minister, Hiroshige Seko, earlier Tuesday, said he hopes to soon begin talks on a free trade agreement with Japan.
___
Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi contributed to this report.
St. Catharines city councillors want to know how much Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority spent on suing a retired Air Force major.
Council unanimously passed a motion by St. Andrew's Coun. Joe Kushner Monday to request the NPCA board disclose the total amount spent on the lawsuits against St. Catharines resident Ed Smith.
“The authority continues to be problematic,” Kushner said.
“For a public body to sue a citizen is reprehensible and also an inappropriate use of tax dollars.”
Judge James Ramsay dismissed NPCA's defamation suit against Smith on Nov. 23, saying NPCA had no right as a government agency to sue a citizen for criticizing it.
That included a $100,000 suit against Smith filed by NPCA and a $100,000 suit jointly filed by its former CAO, Carmen D'Angelo.
NPCA said it would not disclose its legal costs in the Smith case when asked by The Standard after the judgment came out.
In an emailed statement, NPCA said at the time court costs are protected by attorney-client privilege and freedom of information safeguards.
But Kushner asked the city's solicitor at the Nov. 27 council meeting what the city's position would be under similar circumstances. Council was told the details of legal invoices, accounts, dates and specific work performed is subject to solicitor-client privilege, but total cost is not.
“What we're asking as the major contributor is that there be accountability and transparency,” Kushner said Monday. “We're asking them to do exactly the same thing that we would do.”
Council's request is based on the fact St. Catharines residents contribute about $1.7 million annually to NPCA, making the city the largest contributor of public funds to NPCA via Niagara Region.
Port Dalhousie Coun. Carlos Garcia asked that the motion be sure to include the suit by the then-CAO. As well, that the Region, MPPs, Niagara municipalities, Hamilton and Haldimand County be notified of council's request, as well as the premier and the province's minister of natural resources and forestry, auditor general and ombudsman.
On Oct. 25, Ontario's auditor general was directed to conduct a comprehensive audit of the conservation authority when the all-party provincial public accounts committee passed a motion by Welland NDP MPP Cindy Forster.
Mayor Walter Sendzik told city council the auditor general of Ontario will commence its audit of NPCA today.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
Mediaite
Christopher Cantwell, who is best known by the Internet as the “crying Nazi” from Vice's Charlottesville mini-documentary, was utterly “terrified” in June by his newly mainstream reputation for pushing racially-fueled violence and went into hiding. He eventually did turn himself in to police, and he was booked on a charge of felony use of tear gas. Vice now reports that Cantwell's $25,000 bail has now been posted after a crowdfunding push by those who share his white supremacist views. As of last Friday, he's at home, but he's not pleased.
Vice spoke with Cantwell this weekend and learned that he (claims to have) received over $40,000 through multiple initiatives linked from his website:
Cantwell's website links to fundraising pages on both Hatreon and GoyFundMe, and also invites people to send him money using bitcoin. His page on Hatreon lists 43 contributors that have raised around $500 per month for him specifically, although the platform says it's undergoing maintenance and not receiving donations. And GoyFundMe hosts a page called the “1433 Justice Fund,” which has raised $29,628 from 453 people. The number “1433” is associated with “national capitalism” or “anarcho-capitalists with white nationalist leanings,” according to several posts online that also describe Cantwell as an eminent proponent of that particular philosophy. Those posts also note that “14” references a popular slogan among white supremacists, while “33” is a stand-in for “CC,” or Chris Cantwell.
Can you imagine donating $500 per month to an individual? That's what Cantwell claims has happened, but he's not entirely happy because he'd like to “turn it up to 11,” politically speaking. Cantwell is quite perturbed by what he fears is a collapsing far-right movement, and he can't be as active as he'd like under house arrest (as such, he is prohibited from carrying a gun in public) in Virginia. Since he's wearing an ankle bracelet, he's unable to go out and rally for his cause. “I can't even take out the damn garbage,” he complained.
There's no word yet on whether Cantwell is also feeling salty about being kicked off dating sites following his sudden burst of fame.
(Via Vice)
Allison Mack, the TV actress who starred in The CW network's "Smallville," was bailed out of jail on Tuesday and met with a chaotic scene outside a courthouse where she's charged with helping recruit women as sex slaves for the leader of a self-improvement group in upstate New York.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed to release Mack, who was arrested last week, on $5 million bond and place her under home detention in California. She'll be living with her parents at their home in Los Alamitos as she awaits trial.
Mack, 35, appeared in tan jail smocks for a brief court appearance. She only spoke to answer "yes" when the judge asked her if she understood the bail conditions.
Among those conditions: No contact with current or former members of the secretive group known as NXIVM. She'll also be subject to electronic monitoring and restrictions on computer and cellphone use.
By the time Mack left the courthouse more than two hours later, she had switched into a jean jacket, gray slacks and sneakers. She stared straight ahead in silence as she and her lawyers fought through a media scrum to a waiting car, with at least three photographers tripping over each other and toppling to the sidewalk along the way.
The actress played Chloe Sullivan, a teenage friend of Superman, on "Smallville." Since that series ended in 2011, she has played only minor roles.
Prosecutors said she helped recruit women for NXIVM leader Keith Raniere by telling them that they were joining a purported female mentorship group, prosecutors said. Instead, the victims "were exploited, both sexually and for their labor," and even branded with Raniere's initials, prosecutors said.
Federal authorities raided a residence near Albany where NXIVM was headquartered in March. The organization also ran programs in Mexico.
Raniere, 57, was arrested in Mexico, brought to the U.S. on March 26 and is being held without bail in Brooklyn on sex-trafficking charges.
At the time of Raniere's capture, Mack was living with him at a luxury villa in Puerto Vallarta, according to court papers.
One of the all-time great musicals, Andrew Lloyd Webber's Sunset Boulevard, is a compelling story of romance and obsession based on Billy Wilder's legendary film.
The much loved score incudes the title number Sunset Boulevard as well as With One Look, As If We Never Said Goodbye and The Greatest Star of All and is performed by a full orchestra on the UK tour, which comes to us at the end of this month.
Sunset Boulevard. Picture by Manuel Harlan
In her mansion on Sunset Boulevard faded, silent screen goddess Norma Desmond lives in a fantasy world.
Impoverished screenwriter Joe Gillis, on the run from debt collectors, stumbles into her reclusive world. Persuaded to work on Norma's ‘masterpiece', a film script she believes will put her back in front of the cameras, he is seduced by her and her luxurious lifestyle.
Joe becomes entrapped in a claustrophobic world until his love for another woman leads him to try and break free with very dramatic consequences.
Theatrical stalwarts Ria Jones stars as Norma,and Danny Mac as Joe .
Last year Ria played Norma Desmond at the London Coliseum when Glenn Close was indisposed, receiving rave reviews and standing ovations for her performance. Her other West End credits include Fantine in Les Miserables, Grizabella in CATS and Florence in Chess. Her touring credits include Alex in The Witches of Eastwick and Mrs Overall in Acorn Antiques - The Musical.
Danny Mac captured the nation's hearts and received overwhelming support during his incredible time on BBC1's Strictly Come Dancing making it all the way to the final.
He most recently starred as Gabey in On The Town at Regent's Park Open Air Theatre. His other musical credits include Wicked and Legally Blonde.
Sunset Boulevard will be at Milton Keynes Theatre from Tuesday November 28 - Saturday December 2. Evening performances are at 7.30pm, with additional matinee performances at 2.30pm on Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Tickets cost from £19, call the box office on 0844 871 7652 or book online at www.atgtickets.com/miltonkeynes
NEWARK, N.J. — Mario Batali is giving up oversight of the daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York, part of Vox Media, reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three of whom worked for Batali. The women, who were not named in the Eater story, claim that Batali engaged in behaviour including groping one's chest and grabbing one from behind and holding her tightly against his body.
In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said that the complaints “match up” with his past behaviour.
“I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family,” Batali said.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behaviour by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
Batali will also take leave from his ABC cooking show, “The Chew.”
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the network said Monday. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behaviour involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
The allegations against Batali are just the latest in a series of incidents that include Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, resignations in the U.S. House and Senate and calls again for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced. Last week Time magazine named the “silence breakers,” those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in his career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
His career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and he skyrocketed to fame with the airing of “Molto Mario,” a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that his signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became instantly recognizable to most people.
The Food Network, which was planning to relaunch “Molto Mario,” said Monday that it was placing its plans on hold. “Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” the network said in a statement.
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities. The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants, including Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles. It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston.
Batali has long been socially active. The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. He has come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
———
Joseph Pisani in New York contributed to this report.
Australia batsmen David Warner and Cameron Bancroft have signed up for a limited-overs tournament in Northern Territory in July as they look to return to cricket in the wake of the ball-tampering scandal which saw them banned from the national team.
Former Australia vice-captain Warner was confirmed for two one-day matches on 21-22 July, while Bancroft would be available for the whole tournament, NT Cricket said. The pair will be covering their own costs to play, NT Cricket CEO Joel Morrison told local media.
“There's no payment to any players in our competition. These two players are coming up here, looking after their own flights and accommodation,” NT Cricket chief executive Joel Morrison said. “We don't lose sight of the fact that they're up here because of the events in Cape Town.
“They made a big error in judgment and ultimately paid the price. They've also demonstrated a willingness to learn from their mistakes and move forward. We're more than happy to support them on that journey. It's great they can start it now, as opposed to waiting for summer.”
Along with former Australia captain Steve Smith, Warner is serving a year-long ban, while his former test opening partner Bancroft is serving nine months for his part in the Cape Town scandal in March, which sullied the national team's reputation and caused a major sponsor to withdraw support.
The bans issued by Cricket Australia preclude the trio from playing at international and state levels, along with the domestic Big Bash Twenty20 tournament, but they are allowed to play in local third-tier club competitions and T20 tournaments overseas.
Read more
Langer says Warner could represent Australia again
“I'm really looking forward to playing in the Strike League in July,” Warner said in the statement. “I heard so much about the competition while I was in Darwin earlier this month that I'm keen to be part of it.”
Story Continues
Smith confirmed last week that he would return to cricket at a Twenty20 competition in Canada, which starts in late June.
Warner, who has already committed to playing for Sydney club side Randwick Petersham at the start of their season, is also expected to sign as a marquee player in the Canada tournament. Bancroft is confirmed to play with his Western Australian club side Willetton later in the year.
Tim Paine will lead Australia during their limited overs tour in England starting next month, their first international cricket since the ill-fated South Africa tour.
AP
Mater Dei's Christopher Parks dives for the end zone for the score late in the second quarter against Santa Margarita in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Nikko Remigio, center, runs into the end zone to score a touchdown against Santa Margarita in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Christopher Parks, left, celebrates with teammates including Nikko Remigio, right, after Parks scored a touchdown during the first half against Santa Margarita in Laguna Hills on Friday, October 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Chad Magyar, right, is pushed out of bounds at the 2-yard line by Mater Dei's Nathan White (20) in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Richie Caragao, right, tips the ball away from Mater Dei receiver Amon-Ra St. Brown in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Amon-Ra St. Brown makes the catch and then runs the ball down to the Santa Margarita 20-yard line in the first quarter in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Christopher Street jumps into the end zone for a touchdown against Santa Margarita in the first quarter in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Mark Eaton, left, breaks free from Mater Dei's Nathan White for a touchdown in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Mark Eaton (16) celebrates his touchdown against Mater Dei with Jonny Parkinson (15) and Nate Clay (78) in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Blake Bianchini, right, tips the pass away from Mater Dei's Horace McCoy III in the first quarter in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's Nathan Logoleo, center, punches through the Santa Margarita defense at the goal line for a touchdown in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita's Jonny Parkinson, center, celebrates with teammates Brandon Schilig, left, and Donovan Orellana, right, in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Mater Dei's JT Daniels fires a pass against Santa Margarita in the second quarter in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
A Santa Margarita fan helps with the inflatable eagle before the start of the game against Mater Dei in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita fans get into the game against Mater Dei in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita fans cheer their team during the game against Mater Dei in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
Santa Margarita fans do a group cheer during the game against Mater Dei in Laguna Hills on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG)
LAGUNA HILLS – Mater Dei scored 42 second-quarter points – the No. 1 Monarchs and No. 4 Santa Margarita combined for 63 in the quarter – and scored 10 touchdowns to earn a 70-35 victory over the Eagles in a Trinity League opener Friday at Laguna Hills High.
Mater Dei (6-0, 1-0) moves on to play St. John Bosco on Friday, Oct. 13 at El Camino College.
Santa Margarita (5-1, 0-1) plays at Cerritos College against Servite on Friday, Oct. 13.
Mater Dei rushed for 274 yards in the first half with Shakobe Harper leading the way with 136 yards on 10 carries.
JT Daniels completed 21 of 24 passes for 326 yards and five touchdowns. CJ Parks caught six passes for 131 yards and two touchdowns. Amon-Ra St. Brown caught five passes for 100 yards and two touchdowns.
Mater Dei struck first as Daniels put together an eight-play, 80-yard drive capped on 10-yard TD pass to Michael Martinez.
Late in the first quarter, Santa Margarita broke loose and tied the score as Josiah Norwood scrambled around the pocket and hurled a 59-yard pass to a wide open Jake Ebach.
Mater Dei came right back with a 55-yard pass Amon-Ra St. Brown that set up a 20-yard touchdown run by Nick Remigio.
Then the clock turned to the second quarter and the defenses stuck to the bench.
The teams traded touchdowns three scores in the first two minutes of the quarter.
Nathan Logoleo scored on a 1-yard run for Mater Dei.
On the next play, Ebach shredded two tackles for another 59-yard Santa Margarita touchdown. Ebach caught six passes for 172 yards.
Daniels then hit C.J. Parks on a 51-yard pass, and two plays later, Chris Street ran 14 yards for the Mater Dei score and 14-point lead, 28-14.
Parks fielded a punt and crossed across the field for a 67-yard return and caught a 7-yard TD pass on the next play from Daniels.
Santa Margarita got good field position on the kick and marched down the field for a 2-yard TD pass from Norwood to Malone Mataele on fourth down.
Norwood finished 13 of 24 passing for 267 yards and three touchdowns.
Shakobe Harper took Mater Dei's next play 80 yards on a handoff down the Monarch sideline for the score and 21-point lead.
Santa Margarita took advantage of some penalties and Chad Magyar scored on a 6-yard run.
Mater Dei responded two plays later on a 63-yard TD run by Street.
The Monarchs closed out the first-half scoring on a 29-yard touchdown pass from Daniels to Horace McCoy III.
Daniels threw two more touchdowns both to St. Brown in the third quarter, 24 yards and 7 yards.
Artificial intelligence (AI) may end up displacing more than just entry-level work, taking over management roles at some of the biggest companies in the world, according to a Wall Street Journal report.
It all started in the gig economy, the report explained. Firms like Uber, for example, use machine learning and related technologies to manage some of the tasking assignments for the self-employed people who work through their platforms.
However, now legacy organizations like GE and Shell are also jumping on the AI bandwagon, rolling out tools to their full-time workforce as well, The Wall Street Journal reported. The tech tools are handling tasks such as "scheduling and shepherding strategic projects," the Journal reported, and researchers cited said that this could lead to the elimination of certain management roles of the displacing of other managers.
SEE: IT leader's guide to the future of artificial intelligence (Tech Pro Research)
These types of machine learning and AI software are also being leveraged in hiring and human resources as well, with Gartner predicting 25% growth in the overall human resources and workforce management software market by 2020.
So, what makes AI so well-suited to take over certain management roles? It's all in the data.
AI is good at making decisions based almost solely on available data. Humans can use data, but can also lean on their own intuition or fall into confirmation bias, the report said. AI could potentially help make more objective business decisions, but these tools and platforms could also have their own biases introduced by the humans that create them.
Tomas Chamorro-Premuzic, a professor of business psychology at University College London, told The Wall Street Journal that managers primarily work to "identify potential, build teams, assign tasks, measure performance and provide feedback"—things that he said humans are not proficient at. However, AI can use data to do perform these tasks, which could lead to a day when we no longer need human managers, Chamorro-Premuzic said.
Despite the use of AI in management, some companies utilize the technology only to eliminate administrative tasks, the report said. One also has to question the value of automating that may have been relegated to middle management—a demographic that's true value has been brought into question over the past few years and that has been shrinking in many organizations as they move toward more flat organizational structures. Of course, this further begs the question of what value can be gleaned from automating a position that may have been on the road to elimination anyway.
The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers
According to a Wall Street Journal report, some of the world's biggest companies like Uber, GE, and Shell are using AI and machine learning to complete management tasks. AI excels at certain management tasks because of its ability to make decisions that can be more data-centric than those made by humans, but biases may still remain. The tasks that AI does well could likely be ascribed to middle management, a professional demographic that is shrinking as some companies move to a flatter organizational structure.
Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Getty Image
In October, a federal court ruled that transgender members of the military who had filed a lawsuit, and those planning to sue, over President Trump's ban on transgender service members were likely to win and blocked the ban from taking effect. After multiple branches of the military announced their intention to delay implementing the ban until an official order was made, it appeared that the ban wouldn't have to be followed at all. In another sign that Trump's ban might never become official, the Pentagon announced it would begin accepting transgender recruits into all branches of the military starting on New Year's Day.
While the Pentagon aims to accept transgender new recruits per the court ruling, government lawyers are hoping to secure a delay of the Jan 1 deadline. Per the Washington Post:
Officials are “taking steps to be prepared” to bring in the first transgender recruits on Jan. 1, as required by a federal court order issued recently, said Army Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman. He declined to comment further, citing open litigation, but said that the Defense Department and Justice Department are consulting on the issue.
Shortly after President Trump announced the ban, Secretary of Defense James Mattis organized an expert panel to review the issue of transgender service members and deliver a new policy based on that panel's report that would go into place in the first few months of 2018. A previous study by the Pentagon found that there were between 2,500 and 7,000 transgender people among the active U.S. troops, but Secretary Mattis has called those numbers into question in the past.
(Via Washington Post)
The alleged central inciter of the Islamic Movement arrested by police Tuesday morning on suspicion of incitement, as well as support of and activity in an illegal association is Sheikh Raed Salah, head of the movement's outlawed northern branch. His name was not mentioned in an earlier police statement.
The police said that on several occasions, all of them after the movement was outlawed, Salah spoke to the public and published a series of statements in the media regarding the movement's worldview. An examination of all the material indicates that some of the statements raise suspicion of the commission of the said offenses, which led to the authorization of the investigation.
LSU center Duop Reath has been named the SEC Player of the Week after scoring a career high 30 points against UNCW.
Reath played 27 minutes against the Seahawks, hitting 13-of-17 shots from the field and making three-of-four free throws.
LSU won the game 97-84 and improved to 5-2.
RELATED STORY: Reath, Waters lead Tigers to a 97-84 win against UNCW
The Tigers will host the Houston Cougars (8-1) in the PMAC on Wednesday, Dec. 13, at 8 p.m.
Arkansas forward Daniel Gafford was named the SEC Freshman of the Week. He averaged 15 points 6.5 rebounds and four blocks in wins over Colorado State and No. 14 Minnesota.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
CHICAGO (AP) — The Latest on community groups in Chicago suing the city to ensure court oversight of police reforms (all times local):
2:40 p.m.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel's chief lawyer says he agrees court oversight is the best way to ensure police reforms are done right but that the Trump administration backed away from that approach.
Edward Siskel spoke to reporters Wednesday after community groups filed a federal lawsuit to force the city to implement reforms under judicial supervision. The lawsuit argues it's the only way reforms will get done.
Siskel defended a draft agreement of the reforms that the mayor's office says it negotiated last month with the U.S. Department of Justice. The draft outlines reform that won't be done in the form of a court-enforced consent decree.
Siskel says he wishes the Justice Department would have "followed through with their commitment to a consent decree" that was made in the last days of the Obama administration. Still, he says, the draft agreement will work.
____
7:15 a.m
Several community groups have sued the city of Chicago to bypass or even scuttle a draft deal between Chicago and the Justice Department that seeks to reform the nation's second largest police force without federal court oversight.
The filing Wednesday in Chicago federal court argues that any Chicago Police Department overhaul in the wake of a damning civil rights report can't work without the intense scrutiny of a court-appointed monitor answerable to a judge.
The lawsuit says that "absent federal court supervision, nothing will improve." Plaintiff attorneys are holding a news conference later Wednesday.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration says the Justice Department is reviewing a draft police-reform deal that calls for a monitor, though not a court-selected one.
A Justice Department report in January found deep-rooted problems with Chicago police.
Gov. Jerry Brown says the federal government has approved aid to support the rebuilding of the shore of a damaged Northern California dam and help the affected communities.Brown said Tuesday the Federal Emergency Management Agency approved two recent aid requests made by his office. Last week, Brown requested a presidential disaster declaration for California to reinforce recovery efforts following January storms that caused flooding, mudslides, power outages and damaged critical infrastructure across the state.The governor thanked FEMA for moving quickly, saying "the federal aid will get money and resources where it's needed most."Earlier Tuesday, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said President Donald Trump is keeping a "close eye" on the public safety crisis caused by the Oroville Dam.
Ice hockey players Mitchell and Lachlan Frear have been banned for two years by the Sports Tribunal of New Zealand (STNZ) as part of an investigation into the sale of performance-enhancing drugs to amateur athletes in the nation.
The brothers have become the first to be sanctioned as a result of the probe after website owner Josh Townshend was jailed for two years for advertising, possessing and supplying banned substances.
A database collected by Townshend, who ran the Clenbuterol NZ website, contains the names of around 100 athletes who used the service between 2014 and 2015.
It was initially thought that there were not any elite-level players on the list.
New Zealand Rugby Players' Association head Rob Nicol told Radio New Zealand, however, that they were supporting one athlete, who was not playing at the time.
Drug Free Sport New Zealand (DFSNZ) has begun investigating the database and has initiated disciplinary proceedings against those involved.
"To have identified approximately 100 athletes using a website selling these substances is extremely disappointing to us at DFSNZ, and should also be of great concern to the wider sporting community," DFSNZ chief executive Nick Paterson said.
The two brothers have become the first to be sanctioned as part of the investigation ©DFSNZ
"It's been previously stated that few, if any, of the prohibited substances available for purchase on the Clenbuterol NZ website were of pharmaceutical grade.
"Who knows what people were consuming or injecting themselves with."
"We have now invested in our intelligence and investigation capability and, coupled with the advances in science, drug cheats are going to find it harder and harder to go under the radar."
DFSNZ imposed the two-year sanctions on Mitchell and Lachlan Frear despite admitting there was little evidence they had taken the banned substance they had bought over the internet.
Both argued that they never received clenbuterol.
The brothers said they had bought the substance as it was advertised as a fat-burner.
DFSNZ ruled, however, that they were guilty of attempting to procure a substance on the prohibited list.
Their respective suspensions have been backdated to January 1 of this year.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
PARIS (AP) — A group of French men — including doctors, lawmakers, a judge and a surfing champion — is speaking out against sexual harassment and violence, and calling on other men to join the cause.
In an essay published Tuesday in Le Monde, scores of men say "all of us have benefited" from sexism in public life, and "we have perpetuated these inequalities."
Insisting that "not all men are stalkers, aggressors or rapists," they urge men to rethink their relations with women, show more respect and publicly support victims of abuse.
The men praised efforts to expose systemic sexual misconduct since revelations stemming from Hollywood last year, and denounced critics who say the #metoo movement has gone too far and demonizes men.
France has had a mixed reaction to the movement.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018-- market research analysts forecast the to grow at a CAGR of close to 5% during the period 2018-2022, according to their latest report.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006007/en/
Technavio has published a new market research report on the global dental handpieces market from 2018-2022. (Graphic: Business Wire)
In this report, Technavio highlights the technological advances as one of the key emerging trends driving the global dental handpieces market. Current technological advances in dental handpieces have increased to improve the effectiveness of dental tasks. Hence, many hospitals and dental clinics are adopting technologically advanced dental handpieces to increase the efficiency and safety of their dental procedures. Dental handpieces are redesigned or upgraded with the latest technological advancements to become accurate and sophisticated tools as they are essential elements for dentist armamentarium. Companies are focusing on advanced technologies such as optimum Glide path technology, which enables the operators to use the glide path rapidly, safely, and mechanically. Optimum torque release technology is also integrated with the handpieces, which assists in changing its rotational direction upon exceeding a certain torque.
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only:
Save more with Technavio. Buy2 reports and get the third for FREE:
In this report, Technavio analysts highlight the high demand for high-speed handpieces as a key factor contributing to the growth of the :
High demand for high-speed handpieces
The availability of a wide-range of high-speed dental handpieces has charged the dynamics of the market for dentistry. Players in the market offer dental handpieces with sophisticated combinations of precise parts moving in synchronization at high-speeds. With the advent of this new technology, dental handpieces can achieve a rotational speed of 280,000 to 380,000 revolutions per minute. These high-speed dental handpieces are safe, thereby allowing operators to make precise cuts with small-diameter instruments.
According to a senior analyst at Technavio for , “Players in the market are focusing on enhancing their product portfolio by developing new and advanced high-speed dental handpieces that provide controlled mechanism to adjust torque to clinical settings owing to the increasing demand for high-speed dental handpieces.”
Looking for more information on this market?
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report such as the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Global dental handpieces market segmentation
This market research report segments the global dental handpieces market into the following products (air-driven dental handpieces, electric dental handpieces, and hybrid dental handpieces), end-users (hospitals and dental clinics), and key regions (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA).
Of the three major products, the air-driven dental handpieces segment held the largest market share in 2017, accounting for nearly 65% of the market. The market share for this product is expected to decrease nearly 3% by 2022. The fastest growing product is electric dental handpieces, which will account for nearly 35% of the total market share by 2022.
The Americas was the leading region for the global dental handpieces market in 2017, accounting for a market share of nearly 42%. By 2022, APAC is expected to register the highest growth of nearly 3%.
About Technavio
is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at .
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006007/en/
CONTACT: Technavio Research
Jesse Maida
Media & Marketing Executive
US: +1 844 364 1100
UK: +44 203 893 3200
www.technavio.com
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH DENTAL MEDICAL DEVICES
SOURCE: Technavio Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 11:16 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 11:16 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006007/en
A Chinese Long March 2D rocket successfully delivered seven satellites into a 300-mile-high (500-kilometer) orbit Friday, boosting international missions to measure seismic signals that could help predict future earthquakes, take detailed imagery of planet Earth and test compact camera, propulsion and radio technology.
The main payload carried aboard the two-stage Long March 2D rocket was Zhangheng 1, a Chinese-built satellite designed to sense precursor signals emitted before earthquakes, research that could eventually lead to quake predictions.
Nine scientific instruments aboard the 1,600-pound (730-kilogram) Zhangheng 1 spacecraft will measure Earth's magnetic field, plasma and other particles to search for disturbances triggered in the early stages of underground seismic events.
Also known as the China Seismo-Electromagnetic Satellite, or CSES, the mission was developed in partnership between Chinese and Italian scientists from the China Earthquake Administration and the Italian Institute for Nuclear Physics.
The joint mission is part of a collaboration between the China National Space Administration and the Italian Space Agency, or ASI.
Named for Zhang Heng, an ancient Chinese scholar who pioneered earthquake detection, the Zhangheng 1 satellite will monitor Earth's ionosphere, a region at the boundary between the atmosphere and space. Scientists will search for waves in the ionosphere's plasma and magnetic field environment that could be linked to tremors and volcanic eruptions far below.
“Zhangheng 1 cannot be used to predict earthquakes directly, but it will help prepare the research and technologies for a ground-space earthquake monitoring and forecasting system in the future,” said Zhao Jian, a senior official at the China National Space Administration, in a report published by China's state-run Xinhua news agency.
Zhangheng 1's mission is expected to last five years.
“Zhangheng 1, with a wider coverage and better electromagnetic environment from space, will be an important supplement to earthquake monitoring in Qinghai-Tibet Plateau and sea areas that cannot be fully covered by the ground observation network,” said Shen Xuhui, deputy chief designer of Zhangheng 1 and chief engineer of the Institute of Crustal Dynamics at the China Earthquake Administration, according to Xinhua.
Detecting weak disturbances in the ionosphere triggered by seismic activity requires highly-precise instrumentation.
One of Zhangheng 1's largest science payloads, a high-energy particle detector, was developed by Italian scientists. Several other Chinese-built sensors were tested in a plasma chamber in Rome before their installation on the spacecraft.
Once in space, Zhangheng 1 was expected to deploy six instrument booms to a length of more than 13 feet, or 4 meters, to ensure the sensors are well away from magnetic field disturbances generated by the spacecraft itself. Engineers also designed the satellite to use components, such as titanium screws, to minimize their magnetic effects on Zhangheng 1's sensitive instruments, Xinhua reported.
Italian officials nicknamed their part in the mission the “Limadou collaboration” for Matteo Ricci, a 16th century Italian missionary and explorer who traveled to China, where he was known as Li Madou.
In a statement released after Friday's launch, the Italian space agency said the Zhangheng 1 mission will also aid in the study of solar physics and cosmic rays.
Six other satellites rode into orbit with Zhangheng 1 on a Chinese Long March 2D launcher.
The 134-foot-tall (41-meter) rocket lifted off at 0751 GMT (2:51 a.m. EST; 3:51 p.m. Beijing time) Friday from the Jiuquan space center in northwestern China's Inner Mongolia region.
The rideshare launch opportunity was provided by China Great Wall Industry Corp., a government-owned company responsible for marketing Chinese launch services to commercial and international customers.
Approximately 12 minutes after launch, the satellites were placed into orbit around 500 kilometers (300 miles) above Earth on a track inclined 97.3 degrees to the equator.
Two European CubeSats, each the size of a cereal box, were deployed by the Long March 2D's upper stage. Named GomX-4A and GomX-4B, the satellites were built by GomSpace in Denmark.
GomX-4A will collect data for the Danish Ministry of Defense on airplane and ship movements over the Arctic region, and GomX-4B is an experimental nanosatellite funded by the European Space Agency.
The twin satellites will fly in long-distance formation — GomX-4B will do the maneuvering — at a range of up to 2,800 miles (4,500 kilometers) to test an S-band radio link between the craft. GomX-4B carries miniature cold-gas thrusters to guide its flight away from GomX-4A, along with a hyperspectral multi-color camera, a star tracker and components that will be checked to gauge their susceptibility to space radiation, according to ESA.
The GomX-4 satellites build on experience gathered on a predecessor nanosatellite named GomX-3 released from the International Space Station in 2015.
“Unlike GomX-3, GomX-4B will change its orbit using cold-gas thrusters, opening up the prospect of rapidly deploying future constellations and maintaining their separations, and flying nanosatellites in formations to perform new types of measurements from space,” said Roger Walker, head of ESA's CubeSat program.
GomSpace said its ground team established contact with both satellites around six hours after their liftoff from China.
“The GomX-4B satellite is the most advanced satellite design we have initiated to date and we are very happy that ESA will participate in this project that will demonstrate possibilities of satellites flying in formation,” said Niels Buus, CEO of GomSpace. “We are very happy to work with ESA and together take the nanosatellite technology to a new level.
“Also, we look forward to working closely with (the Danish Ministry of Defense) on this exciting project and jointly develop and demonstrate the GomX-4A mission,” Buus said in a statement. “Our satellite and radio technologies are a perfect match for monitoring the vast and remote arctic area with the satellite flying over the scene every 90 minutes.”
The ÑuSat 4 and ÑuSat 5 microsatellites owned by Satellogic, an Argentine company, were also aboard the Long March 2D rocket launched Friday.
Nicknamed Ada and Maryam, the satellites were built in Montevideo, Uruguay, and each weighed around 80 pounds (37 kilograms). The ÑuSat 4 and ÑuSat 5 satellites join three others launched on two Chinese rocket missions in May 2016 and June 2017.
Satellogic confirmed the ÑuSat 4 and ÑuSat 5 satellites were alive in orbit after Friday's launch.
Satellogic intends to deploy dozens, and potentially hundreds, of satellites in the next few years to collect high-resolution and hyperspectral imagery to aid urban planners, emergency responders, crop managers, and scientists tracking the effects of climate change.
The hyperspectral imager aboard each ÑuSat is tuned to measure the chemical composition of what it sees on Earth, helping identify pollutants, plants, building materials and other features.
Two CubeSats named FMN 1 and Shaonian Xing also launched Friday for Chinese start-up companies.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – The events just outside of Washington D.C. resonated deeply on Tennessee's Capitol Hill with one top lawmaker calling it “a watershed moment.”
House Republican Leader Glen Casada was both saddened by and blunt after the shooting that happened during a congressional baseball practice early Wednesday morning.
“It is troubling where we have reached a point in this country where if you disagree with the other party–in this case Republicans–you try to kill them,” he told News 2. “We have never been there before in this nation, except in the Civil War.”
Memphis Democrat Sen. Sara Kyle said it gave her “pause” because “it makes me realize how polarized the political system is. I think its time to slow down, take a deep breath and talk to one another.”
PHOTOS: Shooting at congressional baseball practice
Rep. Johnny Shaw, who is also a preacher and radio station owner, brought a spiritual element into his thoughts about what happened at the ball field.
“It says sin is rampantly moving across this nation in many ways because it's sad that when people cannot have their own personal preference about who they want to be in terms of being Republican or Democrat. That is very sad,” said the lawmaker.
Rep. Shaw also brought up the issues of gun control.
“I am all for carrying weapons legally. I am for owning weapons,” he added, “but we need to be careful as to how we let people own these high-powerful guns. They are outgunning the police.”
Rep. Casada saw the shooting differently.
“This is why I and my Republican peers are strong advocates of the Second Amendment,” said Rep. Casada. “You need to protect yourself from this kind of people because they walk through the laws that restrict gun ownership.”
In charge of protecting those lawmakers on Tennessee's Capitol Hill is Capt. Tommy Fyke of the Tennessee Highway Patrol's Protective Services Division
“We stay on a heightened alert all the time all the time.” Capt. Fyke told News 2. “It's just our job. We are always looking for that unknown.”
Captain Fyke was among those watching the events of the shooting unfold with his heart going out the victims, but he brings a different eye to politicians being targeted.
“We are constantly scanning the crowd, wherever we may be, whether it's a ball game or hockey game. Wherever we go with our elected officials,” he said Wednesday in the hallways of the capitol.
The captain told us his troopers have worked with the nation's capitol hill security when someone like the governor goes to Washington, or someone like House Speaker Paul Ryan comes to Tennessee like he quietly did recently.
There is always training for that unknown says Capt. Fyke, “because it could happen at any given time.”
Members of the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) Medical Committee are said to have welcomed the proposed new bodyweight categories which will be submitted to the IWF Executive Board here.
The IWF begun the final phase of determining the 10 new men's and women's bodyweight categories early last month, following a two-day meeting of the IWF Bodyweight Categories Working Group in Budapest.
It is hoped they will provide greater athletic opportunities, improve inclusivity and enhance competition.
The Working Group is composed of members of the IWF Sport Programme Commission and two representatives from each of the three elected IWF Committees appointed by their respective chair.
This includes IWF Medical Committee members Mike Irani and Mark Lavallee.
It reviewed the wide-range of proposals which have been submitted by the IWF's stakeholders and also conducted its own comprehensive research.
The decision to increase the bodyweight portfolio from eight men's and women's categories to 10 was taken by the IWF Executive Board in November 2017.
The Working Group finalised its proposal on the 10 categories in each gender, drawing on a number of different factors and using scientific and statistical evidence.
The seven men's and women's medal events for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games will be drawn from the 10 men's and women's bodyweight categories, once they have been agreed.
During a gathering prior to the IWF Executive Board meeting, being held today and tomorrow, the Medical Committee discussed health effects of the bodyweight category changes on athletes and highlighted the risks for athletes gaining or losing weight to comply with the new divisions.
The decision to increase the bodyweight portfolio from eight men's and women's categories to 10 was taken by the IWF Executive Board in November 2017 ©Getty Images
General information about the bodyweight categories and the methodology behind the establishment of new world records was also provided during the Joint Committee meeting.
Furthermore, the Coaching and Research Committee, chaired by Mahmoud Mahgoub, discussed the bodyweight categories and reviewed the new qualifying system for Tokyo 2020.
Kazakhstan, the nation with the worst doping record in weightlifting, angered rival nations last month by appealing to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) over the revised system.
While countries with a clean record can send eight athletes to Tokyo 2020, Kazakhstan can send a maximum of two - one man and one woman - because its athletes have been caught cheating so often.
No nation in the world has had more positives than Kazakhstan since 2008, the date which the IWF used as a start point in assessing its members' doping record for the purposes of awarding quota places for Tokyo 2020.
Several other countries are restricted to reduced places in Tokyo because they have accrued 20 or more positives in the past 10 years, Russia and Azerbaijan being among them.
No date has been announced for the CAS hearing, at which the IWF is confident it can successfully oppose the appeal of Kazakhstan - one of nine countries currently serving a one-year suspension imposed by the world governing body for multiple offences.
In a statement, the IWF said that the principle aim of its radical new system was "protecting clean sport" and pointed out that the qualifying process had been approved by the International Olympic Committee.
Athletes will be tested far more often than in the past, as they must compete at least six times in the 18-month qualifying period that starts on November 1.
The IWF Executive Board meeting here in Uzbekistan's capital will be followed by the IWF Congress on Friday (July 6).
WWE
There's little argument that The Rock isn't the most successful professional wrestler of all time, but the debate will forever rage on about who holds the claim of being the biggest professional wrestler of all time. Rock, Hulk Hogan, and “Stone Cold” Steve Austin all have pretty legitimate claims to that title, at least as far as the modern era is concerned. (Let's not get into arguments about Frank Gotch or Gorgeous George or Verne Gagne or Bruno Sammartino, please. At least not right this instant.)
At any rate, all fans have their favorites, and all fans likely have an opinion on who they think is the biggest pro wrestler in history. You'll rarely get into any conversation about pro wrestling without someone debating something or other. That's what makes this fun! Probably. This weekend, FanSided sent out a tweet asking fans whether they thought Austin or Rock trumped the other. (Either in terms of popularity or who would win in a fight. The wording was nebulous, but that allowed for extrapolation. The best kind of question.)
Of course, when they sent that tweet, they probably weren't expecting both parties to end up responding.
Interested in Midterm Elections? Add Midterm Elections as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Midterm Elections news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
A record number of women are on track to run for the U.S. Senate, though it will be a challenge to capture those seats and help make the chamber more diverse.
Many face uphill campaigns and two Democratic incumbents in particular among the 23 women in the Senate are seen as politically vulnerable in the November election.
In Wisconsin, Democratic Sen. Tammy Baldwin and Republican state Sen. Leah Vukmir were expected to file for the race on Wednesday. If so, 42 Republican and Democratic women — the most ever — would have qualified to 19 Senate seats. That's according to an Associated Press analysis of data collected by the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers University and candidate qualifying information released by states.
In 2016, 40 women ran for the Senate.
"It's not going to be a huge gain," said Dianne Bystrom, director of the Carrie Chapman Catt Center for Women and Politics at Iowa State University. But, she said, the Senate "is a body more open to incremental changes."
For more than two centuries, men have dominated the Senate, which has seated only 52 female members in its history. Adding women or even holding the line can mean maintaining pressure on the Senate to act on issues important to female voters, such as health care and family economic policies.
A potent force behind the surge in female participation is the #MeToo movement, ignited by allegations of sexual misconduct by men in entertainment, politics, journalism and other sectors. There's also the criticism of President Donald Trump's policies and his alleged conduct toward women.
"All of these sparks are working in different ways, and one of the giant sparks has been the #MeToo movement," said former Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer of California, among four women elected in 1992. That tripled their Senate ranks, due in part, she said, to a backlash by female voters against the confirmation of Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court. He had been accused of sexual harassment.
In Arizona, odds are a woman will succeed retiring Republican Sen. Jeff Flake. Six women are running in the August primaries.
Rep. Kyrsten Sinema, D-Ariz., who filed her candidate petitions Tuesday, demurred when asked about the role that gender plays in her candidacy. "For me, my public service has never been about my gender or really any other characteristic," Sinema told The Associated Press.
In a recent ad, Sinema credits her single mother for shepherding her family through tough times, echoing themes of family security, a priority for some female voters.
In Wisconsin, Baldwin could face Vukmir, who faces a competitive August primary.
The biggest hurdle for female candidates is the electoral map. Of the 13 Democratic women seeking re-election, four are in states that Trump won in 2016 and where he is expected to weigh in heavily.
Seen as most vulnerable are first-term Sen. Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, which Trump carried by almost 36 percentage points in 2016, and second-term Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri, which Trump won by more than 18 percentage points.
At the same time, women stand a chance of picking up a seat in Nevada, where Democratic Rep. Jacky Rosen is challenging Republican Sen. Dean Heller.
In Tennessee, Republican Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Trump devotee whom the president raised money for Tuesday night in Nashville, faces former Gov. Phil Bredesen, a Democrat, for the seat being vacated by the retiring GOP Sen. Bob Corker.
Limited opportunities for women to make gains are nothing new. But the 1992 election helped usher in changes championed by female senators, including the Family and Medical Leave Act and the Violence Against Women Act.
Given the challenges to women hoping to increase their numbers in the Senate this year, the election can be as much about defending policy achievements, said Kelly Dittmar of the Center for American Women and Politics at Rutgers.
"It's not just about advancing. We need to hold the line," she said. "We need to prevent a backslid on these policies."
The early cadre of women in the Senate began meeting for dinner at each other's homes. The social bonds defied political differences by including the then-lone Republican Sen. Nancy Kassebaum of Kansas, helping "create a community" that the Senate's women today are building upon, said former Sen. Carol Moseley Braun, an Illinois Democrat who in 1992 was the first African-American woman elected to the Senate.
In April, the Senate took an incremental but noteworthy step that reflects the changes, sometimes slow-moving, that women in the Senate have achieved.
Senators voted unanimously to allow babies of members on the Senate floor. That change was inspired by Sen. Tammy Duckworth, D-Ill., who gave birth to a girl in April. The move, Duckworth said at the time, helps "bring the Senate into the 21st Century."
To Braun, "the march toward gender equity in the Senate is inexorable. It's a matter of attitude, and sends the message to young women they can do whatever they want or can."
———
Beaumont reported from Des Moines, Iowa. Associated Press writer Christina Almeida Cassidy in Atlanta contributed to this report.
By Steve Silverman
» More Columns
Shortly after the Irish Sun newspaper reported Tuesday that Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor would get into the ring and meet in a huge bout that would become the latest “Fight of the Century,” the story was shot down by a number of media organizations as being anywhere from untrue to premature.
Those two personalities have not come to any final agreement to fight in a huge pay-per-view spectacle just yet. It could happen, or it could be one of those promotional dreams that never turns into reality.
It would seem that both sides of the equation have plenty to work out. If they ever do reach an agreement, the guess here is that Mayweather will receive at least twice as much as McGregor in guaranteed money.
McGregor has blathered on about earning $100 million for such a fight, but that is not going to happen, and it never will.
While the fight would almost certainly take place in Las Vegas, the date of such a bout, which would undoubtedly receive unprecedented worldwide promotion, would need to be determined. Look for at least a six-month run-up to the event.
Mayweather, 39, retired from boxing with a perfect 49-0 record and is widely regarded as one of the best defensive fighters in the sport's history, and certainly of the current era. Mayweather's ability to suck any opponent in, make him miss with his punches and then counter effectively has been his basic strategy throughout his career.
LISTEN: ‘Outside The Cage' Podcast: UFC 208 Media Scrum
Never mind Mayweather's regretful attitude and lifestyle. He has been to jail for domestic abuse, and he is wont to brag about the size and frequency of his sports bets.
He has often been able to make the best fighters look ineffective inside the ring. He was never truly threatened by elite fighters such as Canelo Alvarez or Manny Pacquiao, and he is a brilliant maestro when he steps inside the ring.
If McGregor, 28, was to have a chance against Mayweather, it would not be in a legitimate boxing match. McGregor could beat Mayweather if the two men were fighting in a UFC-style fight that included elbowing, wrestling, kicking and throwing, but he is a crude brawler who would almost certainly embarrass himself in a legitimate boxing match against Mayweather.
Veteran trainer and color analyst Teddy Atlas said if the fight were scheduled and he was running a Las Vegas sportsbook, he would not offer odds on such a bout because McGregor would be cannon fodder for Mayweather.
The promotion of such a fight would be a Roman spectacle. McGregor is a fine mixed martial arts fighter, but his greatest talent may lie in his ability to draw attention to himself. His ability to use his own unchecked ego has helped him turn his bouts into front-page events, and I am sure he would turn it up to an unprecedented level if a fight with Mayweather ever became reality.
McGregor loves to focus on himself at the start and tell anyone who will listen why none of his opponents ever have any chance against him. After bragging about himself, he loves tearing down his adversaries in any manner he can.
He starts off by denigrating their ability as professional fighters, and then loves to get into questions about their courage, intelligence and manhood. It has been difficult for opponents not to be distracted by McGregor's vitriol and level of personal attack.
The big question is whether he means any of the things that come out of his mouth. Like many of the great fighting showmen of any generation, McGregor is an exceptional promoter. He understands better than nearly anybody it's about putting fannies in seats – which means buying the fight on pay-per-view – and every word and gesture are about making sure that happens.
Mayweather will be sure to play his role of arrogant and unlikable champion to a T. If he is really working hard before the fight – should it come off – he will come from behind and nearly catch McGregor in terms of acquired hatred by the time the two men step into the ring.
So, despite the pronouncement of an Irish newspaper, this fight has not been secured as of yet. There is too much money involved to say that it will not happen, but if it does come off, this will not be boxing's best moment.
The spectacle will undoubtedly be otherworldly huge, but the fight itself will be a joke. McGregor has no chance of beating Mayweather in a boxing match, and the chances are that Floyd will be happy in shutting the Irishman out and turning it into another one of his boring specials.
Please follow Steve on Twitter at @Profootballboy
Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Thursday it's unacceptable and appalling that more than 8,000 children were killed and injured in conflicts last year from Syria and Yemen to Congo and Afghanistan and urged combatants to do more to protect boys and girls.
The U.N. chief said in his annual report on Children and Armed Conflict, obtained by The Associated Press, that the United Nations verified 3,512 child casualties in Afghanistan, more than 40 percent of the total and “the highest number ever recorded” in the country.
Guterres said the recruitment and use of children in conflict more than doubled in Somalia and Syria compared with 2015. And the U.N. verified 169 incidents affecting at least 1,022 youngsters in South Sudan, more than 60 percent of them recruited and used by government security forces, he said.
Extremist groups
The secretary-general said the number of violations against children committed by extremist groups — al-Shabab, Boko Haram, the Islamic State and the Taliban — totaled more than 6,800.
U.N. spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement that Guterres is appalled not only by the more than 8,000 youngsters killed and injured and the recruitment of children but by sexual violence against girls and boys and attacks on schools and hospitals.
“A child killed, recruited as a soldier, injured in an attack or prevented from going to school due to a conflict is already one too many,” said Virginia Gamba, the U.N. special representative for children and armed conflict.
The report contains a blacklist of government forces and rebel groups that recruit, use, kill, maim, rape, sexually abuse or abduct children in armed conflict or attack schools and hospitals.
For the first time this year, Guterres divided the list in two parts, one naming parties that have not taken any action to improve the protection of children, and one listing parties “that have put in place measures.”
​Saudi-led coalition
This year's list, which AP obtained and reported on Wednesday, was eagerly awaited because last year the Saudi Arabia-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from the Saudis.
Guterres put the coalition on this year's list of parties that are taking action to protect children, a decision welcomed Thursday by Human Rights Watch, Save the Children and the Watchlist on Children and Armed Conflict.
The secretary-general said in the report that “the coalition's actions objectively led to the listing for the killing and maiming of children, with 683 child casualties attributed to this party, and as a result of being responsible for 38 verified incidents, for attacks on schools and hospitals during 2016.”
The secretary-general said there were 1,340 verified child casualties in Yemen, more than 50 percent of the deaths and injuries caused by the U.S.-backed coalition.
In talks with Saudi Arabia, Guterres said, its government told the U.N. the coalition took measures to reduce the impact of the conflict on children by changing rules of engagement and establishing a team to review all incidents involving civilian casualties and identify corrective actions.
“These initiatives are steps in the right direction,” Guterres said. “Nevertheless, I urge the coalition to improve its approach since, despite these measures, grave violations against children continued at unacceptably high levels in 2016.”
Dujarric said the secretary-general spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia on Thursday. The country's U.N. ambassador has scheduled a press conference Friday.
Human rights groups
Human rights groups echoed Guterres' concerns.
Jo Becker, children's rights advocacy director at Human Rights Watch, said: “The coalition needs to stop making empty promises to exercise caution, take concrete action to stop these deadly unlawful attacks in Yemen, and allow desperately needed fuel and aid to reach those in need.”
Save the Children Director Debra Jones said all parties fighting in Yemen “must sit up and take notice and take action, as must those countries that are supporting or arming them.”
“The world must make sure the violations end,” she said.
Eva Smets, Watchlist's executive director, said the Saudi-led coalition is now one of 64 parties listed for violating children's rights and the U.N. must work with all these parties “to ensure these horrific violations of vulnerable children are never repeated.”
[Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Bangladesh
09:51 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Watch: Muslim enclaves spread across America Read more
Muslim camp across America breed hate and endanger American lives. ► ◄ Last Briefs
The Central District Attorney filed on Tuesday an indictment against a haredi yeshiva dean who is suspected of criminal acts against minors.
According to Kikar News, the dean in question is a resident of a central haredi city. He left Israel after rumors about his behavior began to spread, and returned six weeks ago.
He was not arrested upon his return to Israel, and planned to accept position in a different yeshiva. However, he was arrested two weeks after his arrival and has since been interrogated many times. Several victims have come forward to complain, and there are other testimonies against him as well.
The suspect is now under house arrest for 32 days, after two former students filed claims against him, saying he attacked them.
Before he was released to house arrest, his arrest order was extended eight times. Though arrests are not usually extended so many times, in this case investigators feared he would try to interfere with the investigation process. In addition, police insisted he presented too great a danger to the public.
AP photo
Turkey has voted for the presidential republic at a recent referendum. Amendments to the Constitution of Turkey received the support from 51.2 percent of citizens, whereas 48.59 percent of electors voted against. The margin of votes thus made up 1.25 million.
The referendum was held for the sake of 18 amendments to the constitution that expand president's powers and abolish the post of prime minister. The head of state can thus appoint vice-presidents, ministers and high-ranking officials. The president will also be able to declare a state of emergency, and presidential decrees will be possible to cancel by reaching an absolute majority in the parliament.
Analysts note that the new constitution embodies all ideas of the "non-liberal democracy" of nationalists. From this point of view, the winner gets everything.
The West has expressed its profound dissatisfaction with the result of the referendum in Turkey. German politicians stated that the doors to the European Union will be closed for Turkey for good.
Meanwhile, President Recep Erdoğan does not receive universal support from the population. Many experts believed that people of Turkey would say "no" at the referendum. Resistance grows even among Erdoğan's supporters. Government-controlled media called Erdoğan a traitor for staying away from the rally of the ruling AKP party in his hometown of Kayseri.
Recep Erdoğan himself stated that the reform of the constitution was necessary to ensure stability and prosperity.
Meanwhile, opposition activists in Turkey have already decided to appeal the results of the referendum. Representatives for the Republican People's Party want 60 percent of votes to be recounted due to violations in the course of voting.
Pravda.Ru requested an expert opinion about the results of the Turkish referendum from Nikita Danyuk, deputy director of the Institute for Strategic Studies and Forecasts.
"How will the results of the referendum affect relations between Turkey and the European Union that Turkey wanted to join for so many years? How will it affect Turkey's relations with Russia and the rest of the world?"
"First and foremost, the result of the referendum is a personal victory for President Erdoğan and his political team. He will receive new powers, his range of political instruments will be expanded. He can now dissolve parliament and appoint judges. This shows that Turkey is building a strict power vertical with Erdoğan at the head. Among many other things, he will be able to run for another term: Erdoğan will be able to stay in power for two more terms as a result of the referendum. This is what he was striving for.
"At the same time, we can see that the Turkish society is divided. The referendum has exacerbated the already strained relations within the Turkish society between various political groups, between Erdoğan supporters and the others. The positions of so-called Kemalists - the people who believe that Turkey should uphold secular principles of Kemal Ataturk - have become more vulnerable. Accordingly, the military, who have always been the main guarantor of stability and security in Turkey, the backbone of statehood, have lost power too.
"As for the relations with the outside world, the EU in the first place, the European Union had made it clear to Turkey that it would not become one of its members. It appears that Turkey has reconciled with this too, despite many vague promises from Brussels.
"Moreover, the relationship between Erdoğan and EU leaders had been quite tense prior to the referendum. We all remember the scandals that occurred with the participation of Turkish officials in Germany and Holland. After the referendum, those relations can only become even worse. For example, one of presidential candidates in France, Emmanuel Macron, stated that he was very concerned about what happened in Turkey. Most likely, Turkey's relations with the European Union will remain in a state of crisis in the near future as well.
"If Erdoğan continues removing his opponents from Turkish political space, as it happened after the failed coup, we will most likely see another wave of criticism against Erdoğan from all sorts of European politicians.
"As for the United States, Erdoğan will be developing political communication with the new American president. Donald Trump is not the one who glorifies principles of freedom, democracy, humanism that his European counterpart constantly speak of. Given the fact that Trump pays first priority to national interests, I believe that the dialogue between the United States and Turkey can be possible.
"As for Russia, Russia can can only care less about the results of the Turkish referendum. We have seen that Erdoğan is a very complicated partner. Russian-Turkish relations were on the verge of collapse after the incident with the Russian fighter jet. Yet, the Turkish administration understands that it is impossible to deal with many issues in the Middle East without Russia. They also know that further confrontation with Russia can only harm Turkey.
"Russia should be very cautious about Erdoğan and his actions. It is dangerous to think of Turkey as our strategic partner. Now we have a situational alliance."
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda on the 10-day disabled list Wednesday with a mild left hip strain, leaving the club with four of their five starters from the opening-day roster sidelined with an injury.
Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Maeda was removed from his start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. He received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that he would not rush his right-hander's return.
"I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts," Madea said through a team interpreter. "I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that."
The Dodgers recalled right-hander Dennis Santana from Triple-A Oklahoma City to take Maeda's spot on the active roster. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster.
Roberts said Santana would be available out of the bullpen immediately and could be in line for a start when the team heads out on a six-game road trip starting Friday at Colorado. Santana has a combined 10 starts at Double-A and Triple-A this season, posting a 2.54 ERA.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Have your say
Whitburn face a huge Premier Division relegation crunch derby at South Shields this coming Saturday – a match which will go a long way to deciding both clubs' futures.
The Villagers sit in second-bottom spot, 20 points above South Shields, after their four-wicket weekend loss at home to Stockton, who eased their own drop fears with a welcome triumph.
Opener James Thompson top-scored with eight fours in 37, off 29 balls, as the Villagers struggled to 115 all out in 31.4 overs.
Harry Thursby added 19 and Ross Carty 18, with three boundaries apiece. Joel Thwaites took 3-6 in 3.4 overs, backed by Durham's George Harding (3-18) and Hassan Raza (2-18).
Stockton put on 47 for the first wicket and survived the loss of three wickets for five runs to triumph in difficult conditions, despite the best efforts of James Thompson, who snatched 5-45 in 10 overs, with Mark Elliott also striking.
Tom Hewison (24), Chris Hooker (20), Ryan Wallace (20no) and Brett Roberts (19no) steered Stockton home.
Eppleton claimed 25 points to move within two of sixth-placed neighbours Hetton Lyons, after beating Durham Academy by four wickets at Church Road.
The match was reduced in overs, like all the others, and Academy were all out for 174 in 44.2 overs, led by Sol Bell (43, with seven fours), Bilal Baig (41, with two fours and four sixes, off 28 balls), Jamie Dass (34) and Matthew Oswell (23).
Jandre Erasmus snaffled 3-26 and Craig Scurr 3-46, while Joe Coyne took 2-38 and Alex Simpson 1-30.
Eppleton, with 35 overs to bat, lost both openers cheaply, but Erasmus's outstanding, undefeated 56 off 48 balls, with seven fours and a six, steered them to victory after 31.5 overs.
Simpson (27), Scurr (23), Dean Musther (19no) and Piers Davison (18) offered the best support.
Oswell, Brodie Glendinning, Faizan Hussain, Dass, Tom Merryweather and Bang all struck.
South Northumberland maintained their title push with a nine-wicket victory at Hetton Lyons in another match reduced in overs.
Lyons did not get going and the loss of three wickets for eight runs saw them scrapping to reach 109-7 in 32 overs.
Captain Jarvis Clay hit 25, with two fours, backed by Adam Shaw (20no) and Ben Whitehead (17no), who added an unbeaten 32 at the end.
Dominic Thomson made 16. Lee Crozier grabbed 3-23, with Calum MacLeod taking 2-13 in seven overs.
Robert Talbot removed Simon Birtwisle for 16, but South North cruised to victory in the 15th over as Marcus North hit seven fours and a six in a 46-ball 58 not out, with MacLeod unbeaten on 31 off 25 balls.
Felling boosted their survival push with a ‘winning draw' against bottom club South Shields, moving 25 points clear of the Wood Terrace side.
Chris Goudie (39, with six fours), Mark Turner (34, with a four and two sixes), Graham Wright (29) and Stuart Walker (22) led Felling to declare on 169-8.
Salman Ahmed took 3-38, OIiver Appleby 3-31 and Matthew Muchall 2-65.
Shields then collapsed to 30-4 before steadying the ship to see out the draw on 88-6 after 31 overs, led by Michael Dunn (25no off 72 balls) and Chris Rainbow (19).
Paul Leonard plundered 3-25, supported by Craig Stephenson (2-19) and Gary Scott (1-23).
Visitors Benwell Hill made 95-2 against Chester-le-Street at Ropery Lane, although only 20 overs of play were possible.
Phillip Nicholson (34no, with three fours) top-scored for the Tynesiders, backed by Sameet Brar (29, with three fours) and Adam Heather (26, with four fours).
John Coxon took the wicket of Brar, while John Harrison ran out Heather.
Newcastle completed a five-wicket win over Tynemouth at Jesmond, in a match reduced to 67 overs in total.
Tynemouth, put into bat, slumped to 23-4, but Sam Dinning (29 off 66 balls) and Barry Stewart (50 off 65 balls, with four fours) put on 60 for the fifth wicket. David Hymers added four fours in 30 off 21 balls before the end came on 137-8 after 36 overs.
Callum Harding, Alasdair Appleby and Durham's Cameron Steel took two wickets apiece.
Steel (57, with four fours and two sixes), Appleby (32, with two fours and three sixes) and Ben McGee (31) then saw Newcastle home in the 29th over. Finn Lonberg struck twice.
BERLIN (AP) — Police say one man has been killed and two people injured in a knife attack on a train in the northern German city of Flensburg.
Federal police said in a statement the incident took place Wednesday at around 7 p.m. local time.
They said the details of the attack were not clear yet, but that one of the injured was a 22-year-old female police officer. The statement said she appeared to have used her pistol, suggesting she may have killed the man.
German daily Bild reported that following a dispute, one man attacked another man with a knife and then a police officer who was called to intervene.
The German news agency dpa reported the Flensburg main train station had been evacuated and service to Flensburg had been interrupted temporarily.
Democrats around the country are demanding change from a national committee they say has focused too heavily on the White House at the expense of governorships, legislatures and state party operations.
"It's got to be helping us organize in our states to be able to build that power at the state legislative level," Michigan Democratic Party Chair Brandon Dillon said of the Democratic National Committee, currently searching for a new leader. "We've lost governorships and state legislatures at a rate that is pretty astounding."
DNC members gather in February to elect a new chairman, with five candidates running so far, each pledging to rebuild from the ground up. Money from the DNC to state parties has been inconsistent during President Barack Obama's tenure and, in most states, less than it was under former chairman Howard Dean. Party chairs say that's resulted in fewer staff members and training programs, a change felt particularly in Republican-leaning states. State leaders also say Obama's grassroots group Organizing for Action has functioned more like competition than a partner.
Beginning in 2017, Republicans will hold 33 governorships and fully control legislatures in 25 states, as well as the Congress and presidency. During Obama's two terms in office, the party lost more than 1,000 seats at the state and national level.
"I love President Obama, but he and his administration allowed for the deterioration, the terrible deterioration, of the state parties over the last eight years," said Mark Brewer, who led the Michigan Democratic Party for 18 years.
Obama has announced plans, though, to improve Democrats' down-ballot fortunes once he leaves office. He is launching an initiative with former Attorney General Eric Holder aimed at making Democratic gains when states redraw legislative district lines following the 2020 census. Democrats have blamed Republican gerrymandering for some of their losses in Congress and state legislatures.
State officials say it's been hard to plan long term and recruit and train candidates in off-election years due to inconsistent funding from the DNC. Under Dean, the national party installed and paid several staff members in each state. But that program ended after Obama's election. State parties began to receive monthly payments of anywhere from $5,000 to $10,000, an amount that varies depending on the year. At some point, the parties have received no money at all. The DNC does provide some money to state parties for elections based on the state's competitive races and other factors.
The change has left some states scrambling.
The Nebraska Democratic Party, for example, paid five full-time staff members during Dean's tenure. But when Dean's "50-state strategy" ended, it was hard to keep one and pay the rent, said Maureen Monahan, a vice president of the Association for State Democratic Chairs from Nebraska. Some states, such Mississippi, do not pay their party chairs. Even in Michigan, a staff that once stood at more than a dozen now is between five and seven employees, party chairs said.
"The past eight years we have not had any focus on the state parties," Monahan said. "There's been a sense that the DNC is a building in Washington."
The push-and-pull between state parties and the DNC is nothing new. State parties, congressional Democratic groups and the president's allies often spar over how best to spend party resources. The DNC defended its involvement with states.
"State parties are the lifeblood of the DNC, and we make investing in all of them a priority because they are an integral part of winning up and down the ballot. State parties were critical to picking up Senate seats, House seats, legislative chambers and governorships in 2016, and their importance will be a key focus for the party as we elect new officers in February," DNC spokesman Adam Hodge said.
Marcel Groen, Pennsylvania Democrats' chair, said it's unfair to blame Democrats' troubles completely on the national party. But he said a focus on recruiting and running Democrats even in low level races in Republicans areas can help the top of the ticket in the long term.
"We can't expect people in rural areas, in red areas, to vote for our presidential candidates or our gubernatorial or Senate candidates if they've never seen a Democrat running for school board or county office," he said.
Bahtiyar Duysak, former temporary worker at Twitter poses during an interview at the Reuters office in Frankfurt, Germany December 8, 2017. Picture taken December 8, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
By Douglas Busvine
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - The contractor who shut down Donald Trump's Twitter account has told Reuters he did so by mistake, but says he believes some of the U.S. president's recent tweets breach the social network's ban on hate speech.
Bahtiyar Duysak, 28, said he clicked "a few wrong things which I shouldn't have done" on Nov. 2, his last day at Twitter, causing Trump's @realDonaldTrump account - which has 44 million followers - to be taken offline for 11 minutes.
At the time, Twitter blamed a customer support employee on their last day at work and has since said it has taken steps to prevent such an incident happening again. Trump blamed a "rogue employee" for the temporary loss of his account.
In an interview in Frankfurt, Duysak told Reuters he wasn't paying attention when a complaint came in an hour before he was to leave Twitter's San Francisco office for the last time, after cutting short a six-month assignment.
He thought he was dealing with one of many fake Trump accounts.
"You should always double-check things before taking an action," Duysak told Reuters Television.
Twitter has not confirmed whether Duysak was the ex-employee responsible. The company declined to comment on Duysak's actions or its investigation into the matter when contacted by Reuters.
Duysak said that some of Trump's posts since the incident - in particular his retweeting of anti-Islamic videos posted by a British far-right fringe group - were a breach of Twitter's rules banning hate speech.
"You don't need to be an expert to understand that a policy violation has happened, that the rules were broken and that this can lead to hatred being spread," he said.
Twitter said it had no comment, and the White House did not respond to a request for comment.
After stints at Youtube and Google, Duysak joined Twitter as a safety policy operations agent on July 24, according to correspondence seen by Reuters. The job involved checking violations of Twitter's rules that could not be dealt with by its automatic computer systems.
Duysak, born in Germany to a family of Turkish origin, left the United States a few days after the incident and returned to his home town of Paderborn. He said he had hired a lawyer who liaised with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and assured him he had no case to answer.
He said he had apologized to, and made peace with, Twitter.
(Additional reporting by David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Kevin Liffey)
22:20 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Islam expert Dr. Ephraim Herrera on Iran and ISIS Read more Does not expect Hezbollah to enter into a confrontation with Israel. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Soldiers and volunteers resumed rescue operations Monday morning after pulling 46 bodies from the mud left by a landslide that trapped two buses and washed away houses in northern India's Himalayan foothills.
Landslides are common during the heavy rains of India's monsoon season, and the area around Urla village in Himachal Pradesh state has been deforested extensively, increasing its vulnerability to landslides.
Intermittent rain has been hampering the rescue work and army troops had to stop late Sunday with more rain threatening to cause another landslide, police superintendent Ashok Sharma said Monday.
Soldiers had managed to pull out 46 bodies from the buses that were covered with rocks and mud.
Two buses, two cars and a motorbike had been trapped on a highway by the landslide Sunday, said Mandi district official Sandeep Kadam.
With the road blocked in several places, soldiers used shovels and pickaxes to remove rocks, boulders and debris covering the buses and pull out the bodies. Earth-moving equipment was brought in later to speed up the clearing operations.
Sharma, who was overseeing the rescue operations, said the death toll could rise and he did not hold out much hope for survivors. "One of the buses is buried under nearly 15 meters (50 feet) of mud. It will take us many hours to extricate the bus."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted his condolences: "Pained by the loss of lives due to landslide related accidents in (Himachal Pradesh's) Mandi district. My condolences with the families of the deceased."
ABC
Roseanne Barr is still catching heat after her racially-charged tweet against Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett led to Roseanne‘s shocking cancellation by ABC Entertainment. She weirdly blamed her outburst on the sleep drug Ambien, and no one bought the excuse, especially since controversial statements are not unknown to Roseanne Barr. And the maker of Ambien wants everyone to know that they do not want to be associated with Barr's assertion that The-Ambien-Made-Me-Do-It and issued a scathing tweet to that effect.
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world,” Sanofi U.S. tweeted. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
That pretty much says it all. The listed side effects of Ambien include dizziness, diarrhea (not of the mouth), irregular heartbeat, muscle cramps, double vision, difficulty breathing, slower response times, and impaired judgment. Perhaps Barr was trying to stretch the meaning of that last effect, but it's not flying with anyone.
In related news, President Trump has broken his silence on the matter while ignoring the racially-charged nature of Barr's remarks. He tweeted a complaint that Disney CEO Bob Iger called Jarrett about Barr's remarks, but “Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
It's worth noting that following the 2016 election, Iger was in favor of a Trump presidency.
(Via Sanofi)
There's a new groundhog in town, and her name is Gertie.
The Surry Arts Council Groundhog, Gertie, joined better-known weather forecasters of the groundhog persuasion, Punxsutawney Phil and Sir Walter Wally, in stepping out to meet the public on Groundhog's Day.
Gertie is only a baby groundhog and too young to do any forecasting yet, according to new SAC creative director Shelby Coleman, who coincidentally showed up at the arts council at about the same time as Gertie.
Coleman and fellow creative director, Madi Chitty, began at the arts council on Jan. 3 and are planning programs for every holiday. Friday's Groundhog Day puppet show, craft project and seasonal snack for area children is the first to come to fruition.
The children first decorated cookies to look like groundhogs, then crafted groundhogs on sticks with accompanying groundhog burrows from which to pop out.
The curtain then went up on the Surry Arts Council puppet theater — re-purposed from WPAQ's impending 70th birthday — and Coleman introduced Gertie and asked the 30 or so children present what they thought of the various groundhogs' forecast.
Punxsutawney Phil, (a pal of Gertie's, according to Coleman) predicted six more weeks of winter while Sir Walter Wally, North Carolina's official groundhog (and Gertie's cousin, again according to Coleman), predicted an early spring.
The children overwhelmingly agreed with Phil even though Coleman assured them Wally has a much better track record.
Coleman asked the children to give Gertie some weather forecasting advice for next year when she will presumably be mature enough to pick up the long-standing tradition of groundhog weather prediction.
Advice ranged from following the usual protocol of being guided by her shadow, using the temperature as a guide, sleeping over with friends the night before for some guidance, or to just check the weather channel before coming out of her burrow.
“Maybe you can get cable, Gertie,” suggested Coleman.
The children then lined up, filed backstage and had photo ops with Gertie in the puppet theater, where they displayed the groundhogs and groundhog burrows they had made. Their groundhog cookies had long since been eaten.
The next holiday on the horizon is Valentine's Day with two events planned.
“Valentine's Day Princess Ball with Dad” will be Sunday, Feb. 11, from 4-6 p.m. All ages are welcome, $10 per person at Andy Griffith Museum Theatre. Girls are encouraged to wear their favorite princess dress to the ball with Dad as Prince Charming. Registration at SurryArts.org.
Valentine Craft Workshop will be Monday, Feb. 12, from 3:30-4:30 p.m. All ages are welcome, $5 at Andy Griffith Museum Theatre. Registration at SurryArts.org.
Shelby Coleman, Surry Arts Council creative director, chats with Gertie, the SAC groundhog, as an audience of 30 children looks on. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5862.jpg Shelby Coleman, Surry Arts Council creative director, chats with Gertie, the SAC groundhog, as an audience of 30 children looks on. Bill Colvard | The News Henry Hauser takes to the puppet stage with Gertie and his own groundhog on a stick. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5887.jpg Henry Hauser takes to the puppet stage with Gertie and his own groundhog on a stick. Bill Colvard | The News A group shot of some of the children celebrating Groundhog's Day at Surry Arts Council. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5879.jpg A group shot of some of the children celebrating Groundhog's Day at Surry Arts Council. Bill Colvard | The News Camila Nance hides behind her groundhog craft. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5847.jpg Camila Nance hides behind her groundhog craft. Bill Colvard | The News
By Bill Colvard bcolvard@MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Many data and analytics leaders face a chicken and egg situation. Without experienced data scientists, venturing into machine learning and data science is difficult. Without any successful pilots, getting serious business commitment to fund data science projects and hire data scientists is equally challenging.
Most organisations are still in the early phases of their data science journey and struggle to understand what machine learning and data science can do for them. They don't exactly know which skills are needed and hiring data scientists seems really difficult.
According to a recent Gartner survey, more than 40 percent of organisations practicing advanced analytics say a lack of adequate skills is a challenge. Hiring experienced candidates can be difficult for a number of reasons:
Experienced data scientists will want to avoid being the first to join a company.
The amount of energy needed to just get access to data, integrate it and have the first machine-learning models deployed into the business can be staggering.
There's a limited pool of available candidates.
Retaining quality data scientists is also a struggle. They currently favour job hopping as this gives them more exposure to a broader range of tasks — ideally in different industries.
What options do you have?
You don't have to have a large data science lab to be able to take advantage of machine learning. Start small and evolve the following competencies:
Train existing staff into (citizen) data scientists
Partner with academia
Hire third-party professionals
Use packaged applications
Many organisations have mathematically skilled employees without knowing it. They might have been math geeks since high school or are using their quantitative skills in other roles.
The right employees just need to possess the following important characteristics:
The right mindset — curiosity and entrepreneurial drive.
A holistic attitude — the whole data science pipeline, from data collection to delivery of the analytics results, must be questioned and analysed.
The right dose of mathematical affinity — data is often noisy and messy, and the situations data scientists deal with are loaded with uncertainty and high dimensionality.
Many universities and colleges now offer data science related degrees. Using universities for specific projects serves the dual purpose of an organisation getting skilled resources, while also providing students with real-world learning experiences.
The relationship can take four main forms: internships, class projects, innovation labs or hackathons. Coca-Cola, for example, partners with Georgia-Tech in the U.S. for innovation in machine learning and robotics.
It's best to utilise senior academics that know the business processes and quantitative methods in your area really well. Get them to advise you. They will benefit from the practical traction with you, and in turn, you will benefit from their knowledge and their students.
In this time of immense machine learning skills shortage, third-party professionals can accelerate and kickstart the success of data science programs. There are hundreds of consultancies that can provide a spectrum of assistance, from creating project ideas, early piloting, coaching and teaching of junior staff, to the fully fledged creation of managed services.
Analytics service suppliers should provide the following:
Upskilling of existing staff - Suppliers can educate existing math literate staff and even further assist in hiring full-time data scientists.
- Suppliers can educate existing math literate staff and even further assist in hiring full-time data scientists. A range of value-adding knowledge assets and knowledge – frameworks, collateral and knowledge artefacts that improve solution quality, repeatability, project delivery effectiveness and time to value.
– frameworks, collateral and knowledge artefacts that improve solution quality, repeatability, project delivery effectiveness and time to value. Critical thinking, imagination and creativity – They shouldn't be solely focused on project execution.
– They shouldn't be solely focused on project execution. A learning experience and knowledge transfer – Coaching and mentoring your in-house team will ensure that the data science capability is sustainable beyond the term of engagement.
It's important to perform a thorough assessment of your internal advanced analytics capabilities to determine which service provider engagement and pricing model is the most suitable for your overall advanced analytics program in relation to skills, funding and bandwidth.
Machine learning capabilities are often packaged as targeted software applications to solve specific problems. In fact, there's already an enormous wealth of prefabricated solutions available, and it's growing all the time.
These solutions often provide superb cost-time-risk trade-offs, significantly lower the skills barrier and can provide a solution much faster than creating one from scratch. Even for organisations with larger data science teams, packaged applications are an important consideration, especially as a productivity gain.
Alan Duncan is a research director in Gartner's Data and Analytics research group. He focuses on the business value of data and analytics, data-driven culture and analytics ethics. Alan is speaking at the upcoming Gartner Data & Analytics Summit 2017, taking place 20-21 February in Sydney.
An elephant escaped a crocodile at the Liwonde National Park in Malawi on April 10.
Alexander Amuli M'betti Makanga was on a boat safari when he caught this frightening battle on camera.
As seen in the video, a crocodile leaps out of the water and snaps onto a nearby elephant's trunk.
The elephant tries to escape, but the crocodile has latched on.
After much thrashing about, the elephant was able to drag the crocodile out of the water. Other elephants then fight off the crocodile.
Eventually, the crocodile released its grip on the elephant's trunk.
The extent of the injuries to the elephant are not known at this time.
Unfortunately, it seems that the world is becoming more and more superficial. Having poor fashion sense and looking like a disaster can have a negative impact on your life. The good news is that improving your fashion style is not difficult at all. The hot fashion tips packed into this article will help you look fantastic.
Fashions are constantly changing, so look for some basic items of clothing that you can add to and create a new look. A great fitting pair of black pants are the basic look you can dress up or dress down, as well as wear in summer or during the winter months.
When you wear two items of the same color, make sure that the shades are a perfect or near-perfect match. For example, do not wear a navy blue shirt with a midnight blue pair of pants. Even though they are both blue, it does not look as well put together as it would have if both pieces were the same color.
Keep your haircut low maintenance. Everyone runs into time crunches when preparing for meetings, outings or other events, and having an easy to fix hairstyle cuts the time needed to get ready. Many fashionable hairstyles are available that will allow you to bounce quick and still maintain a great look.
Pumping the brush repeatedly inside and outside of your mascara container is a bad idea. It doesn't get more of the mascara on the brush, it actually pushes air into the bottle. Bacterium loves an environment like this. You can coat your brush by turning it gently into the container.
Although it may have been popular years ago, wearing clothing that does not match is not in style anymore. Whether you are wearing jeans and a top, a suit, or a skirt and shirt, be sure the top and bottom match. The same goes for the accessories you choose to wear.
For men with thinning hair, a small amount of hair mousse can be incredibly helpful. Apply it to the hair from the roots out on wet or dry hair. The mousse will add some volume, without weighing down your hair. It will also simplify styling your hair, and help train it.
It is not very easy to wear plaid, particularly when you are looking to adopt a look that is softer than you normally have. If you must wear plaid, make sure that you pair it with something that is feminine like skinny jeans or a bag that has ruffles on it.
Don't seek perfection, as far as fashion goes. No one is perfect. Also, when you seek perfection, you are trying to hard. You will often see looks that celebrities wear, which include some sort of "flaw" that is strategically worn to accent the look.
When you are at the beach or pool, store your sunscreen in a cool place. Otherwise, the heat can change the chemical composition of the product, making it less effective. You can put it in a plastic baggie before placing it in your beverage cooler, or put it in a bag with ice.
Use many colors when creating an outfit. You do not want every piece to match perfectly, that is not the point of fashion. Instead find ways to create creative color schemes. For example, a purple dress can be matched with yellow, silver, black or green accessories. Just have fun with it.
Stand out by embracing your unique features. Some may see high cheekbones or birthmarks as flaws, but highlighting what makes you the person you are will set you apart. People will remember you for that "flaw" and may even find you more attractive because of it. That cute little mole or dimples may be your selling point.
Lace is possible to wear without looking in your lingerie. It is just a matter of what kid of lace apparel you are wearing. If you want to wear a lace dress, be sure your bra is not too noticeable. When wearing a lace skirt, be sure your undergarments are not so visible.
One great fashion tip is to pay attention to what specific designer or brand fit you best. This is a very good idea because many times, a designer will mold their outfits around a specific body type or individual so you will find success with much of their clothing options.
A perfect fashion tip that has been proven throughout time is striped tops. This is a great way to add variety to your wardrobe and give you a fresh look. It is also a great way to explore different color options that you may not normally wear in a solid outfit.
While you haven't been able to find time in the past, fashion doesn't have to escape you now. Dedicate some time to learning more about fashion, and continue reading up on different ways to incorporate it into your life. Remember the helpful advice you've read here as you work to include fashion in your life.
While the world continues to digest The Last Jedi trailer released at Star Wars Celebration last week, there was plenty of other news about the upcoming sequel that came out of the fan convention, including the revelation of the newest hero of the Resistance.
“Her name is Rose. Rose is part of the Resistance, she works in maintenance,” Kelly Marie Tran, the relative newcomer plucked to play the pivotal role, explained to Yahoo Movies (watch above). “She's this person who is an unlikely hero. She gets pulled into this adventure.”
Director Rian Johnson filled in a few more details during the Last Jedi panel. “She embodies this notion that anyone out there, anyone among us can step up and turn into a hero. It's really where the character of Rose comes from. She's not a soldier, she's not looking to be a hero, and she gets pulled in a really big way into an adventure in this movie with Finn.”
Tran, whose biggest previous credit was a handful of appearances on the Amazon family series Gortimer Gibbon's Life on Normal Street, said she was predictably nervous joining the Episode VIII ensemble, but credited fellow Resistance fighters Daisy Ridley (Rey), John Boyega (Finn), and Oscar Isaac (Poe Dameron) for “welcoming me and making me feel at home. They were so generous.”
Her co-stars returned the love, with Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill, saying, “If she were any more adorable, she'd be a Disney cartoon.” Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy also complimented the actress, telling Yahoo Movies that Tran “is very self-possessed, she's extremely comfortable at such a young age stepping into this.”
Tran seemed genuinely relieved that she could finally come clean about her role in the film. Not even her parents knew about it, she says. Instead, she told them she was working on an “independent film in Canada” and at one point sent them Canadian maple syrup from the British set to help sell the ruse.
And even though Rose didn't appear in the trailer, Tran wasn't disappointed. “No, you know why? I'm excited to have her come out… I really want her to be seen, seen in the movie,” she told us. “I want it to be this organic kind of thing.”
Read more from Yahoo Movies:
The Clinch River Chapter of Trout Unlimited is looking for volunteers to help assess the trout habitat in the Clinch River tailwater—and what the volunteers will be asked to do is go fishing.
Dennis Baxter, past president of the chapter and manager of TVA's River and Reservoir Compliance Monitoring Program, will discuss the proposed project on Thursday, Oct. 12, at a free, public meeting of the Clinch River Chapter of Trout Unlimited. The meeting starts at 7 p.m.at St. Francis Episcopal Church, 158 W. Norris Road, Norris.
Baxter is developing plans for a chapter project to assess the coldwater environment in the Clinch, including numbers of fish caught per hour. Volunteers will be asked to fish designated areas at different times of day; the number of anglers who are interested in participating will determine the size of the project.
The study will use standard Environmental Protection Agency habitat assessment forms, including measuring stream flow and comparing the flow from water released at Norris Dam to water elevation at the sample sites. Numbers of fish caught per hour will be assessed at different flow levels.
When plans are fully developed, the chapter will apply for grant money to support the work.
Clinch River Chapter TU works to preserve and protect the Clinch River tailwater and its watershed through conservation projects and through education of children and adults in aquatic natural resources. Meetings are held the second Thursday of the month at St. Francis Episcopal Church, Norris, except when outdoor activities are scheduled. For more information, visit http://crctu.org/.
Hatton's chin was like a rock. His favorite boxer was Roberto Duran. (Wrigley Brogan)
Like many boxers, Hatton is a quiet man, almost shy. He understood his career would not be a long one because of the way he fought…
For eight years I ran the only boxing magazine in the Northwest. Boxing was making one of its small comebacks and new casinos were anxious to stage events. I took a second job to finance the magazine before the Emerald Queen Casino and the Lucky Eagle Casino bought adds to pay for the printing. To give the magazine an international flair (my ego has always been larger than my abilities) I traveled to Britain every year to seek out the hottest prospects.
In 1998 I visited promoter Frank Warren in London. Warren usually had a good idea of the latest prospects, especially if they were his own. Richard Maynard, his assistant, and I sat at a neighborhood pub for a pint of ale. It's not unusual to see old and new boxing posters on pub walls. This tradition is fading as time passes and old comfortable pubs are being torn down or remodeled, the worn wooden floors where workers once rested their work boots after work being replaced with tile, the beer stained tables clothed in stainless steel or hard plastic. They were still alive in 1998 when people, not CEO's, roamed the earth and there was nothing more satisfying than a foamy head of beer cascading over a pint glass and forming its own little territorial island on the table while pictures of Bombardier Wells and Jackie Kid Berg looked on from the walls.
Maynard had several suggestions, Mehrdud Takaloo and Anthony Franell. There was another kid he knew, up in Manchester, named Ricky Hatton but he had only had a few fights and was thus unproven. Maynard gave me a press pass for a fight in London that weekend. Only their mothers knew the fighters on the main event, and not even that for the preliminaries. London features many small club fights, many more than in the States. These fights feature concrete floors and walls and it felt like sitting in a crypt. Only the beer was warm. The local photographer and I struck up a conversation and spent most of our time discussing photographic techniques. He desperately wanted to come to the U.S where big money could be made for a fight photographer. People around the world are often misled by our propaganda of easy money. Tom Casino is the only boxing photographer I know who actually earns a living. I met a photographer in Russia who learned that photographers like Ansel Adams earned thousands and thousands of dollars from his prints. He tried to give me a box of really bad photographs to sell in the States and send the money back in a giant shipping container. Most boxing photographers will not earn enough money in their lifetimes to pay for their cameras.
Brits enjoy the skills of boxing rather than the violence. Sometimes I think they would be just as happy arming their boxers with fly swatters rather than gloves. Exceptional skills are always great to watch and British fighters have plenty. Rigondeaux, although not a Brit, is one of my favorite boxers. Still, the Brits have mastered the gasless punch to the point of somnambulance. Hitting someone with force is as foreign to them as tea without milk. If one is looking for physical damage one must attend a soccer match. Head smashing is a specialty, not on the field but in the stands. I was anxious to be on my way to see Takaloo, Farnell, and Hatton.
Takaloo and Farnell were both disappointments. They were not without skills—European skills. Both stand-up fighters they were bound to make a dent in Britain but would not be rated as more than decent club fighters in the U.S. They lacked excitement to the point of boredom. Having scratched them off the list, I caught a train to Manchester.
British train stations are wonderfully drab affairs dripping with moisture and moss. Silent human statues stand in long coats with umbrellas or dimly colored dresses on the platforms waiting for trains that are seldom on time. People accept the inaccuracy with grace and are accustomed to inefficiency in a country that has yet to build a reliable vehicle. Except for the rumble of trains little noise hangs on the air. Britain is a mute world. People are not unfriendly, just quiet. They do not speak easily to strangers, or even with friends. Lifetime neighbors are still addressed as “Mr.” They are as stiff as their fighters. Have a word with them and they brighten up considerably, often to the point you wish you had kept your mouth shut. It's a country of reclusive odd-balls. Offer a simple “hello” and you might receive a response from someone anxious to give you the history of yellow sea worms and an invitation to visit his collection of young wrigglers. They are friendly and helpful and are grateful to have their shells of isolation cracked. They expect Americans to be intrusive and are welcome when we are. They often have a look of pity about them for our lack of convention.
Ray, Hatton's father, picked me up and drove me to the gym. He is a small, tough, affable man who owns a carpet store and had high hopes for his son. Streets in British cities are a tangle of string making no sense to an American. It's as if the engineers were in a contest of madness when the towns were laid out. To add to the confusion the names of the streets change every block or two.
Manchester is a drab working-class town filled with drab buildings and a crowded sense of rage. Rough men in a rough town equal a championship soccer team: Manchester United. Ray Hatton once played for them. Ricky Hatton is the team's biggest supporter. In return the entire town is his biggest supporter.
The gym was typically cold, the kind of cold that creeps into your bones but doesn't bother an Englishman. No one had ever heard of my Northwest boxing newspaper but were kind enough to say nothing. If nothing else, the British are polite. We shook hands and he said he was happy for the visit. Hatton was just getting ready to spar. Billy Graham, his trainer, and I talked. Graham was confident of Hatton's eventual success and he offered a glowing report. Such talk is best ignored. Trainers are essentially myopic, subjective, and they all feel they are working with a future champion.
The sparring was unimpressive. Hatton was a bit slow and he accepted too many avoidable shots. That is irrelevant. He had a rock solid chin and his overwhelming heart and determination were evident. His energy rumbled about the gym. Anyone can be taught the skills of boxing. There are no heart transplants in boxing. A man is born with a heart, or not. I knew from that moment of poor sparring that he would eventually become a champion. He would not, however, last long. The punishment he would take would probably leave him with a short career.
We sat on the ring apron and talked. Like many boxers, Hatton is a quiet man, almost shy. He understood his career would not be a long one because of the way he fought. Because his chin was like a rock he was not worried. His favorite boxer is Roberto Duran and he likes fighters, not dancers.
Upon my return home I was quick to tout the next champion of the world. I seldom produced a paper without mentioning him. He rose quickly in the ranks before winning his first minor title against Tommy Peacock followed by another small title against Dillon Carew. The titles flowed in like a rip tide. I traveled to Manchester several times for fights.
After the fights we usually visited a local pub. Hatton never had a large contingent of hangers-on, just a small group of childhood friends. He was usually the quietest one in the pub and he was happy to let his friends expend their energy through laughter and good cheer.
I was quick to purchase a ticket in 2005 for his greatest fight against Kostya Tszyu. Tickets for the fight at M.E.N. Arena sold out almost immediately. You would not have known by the empty arena. You could not walk anywhere in the halls for the knots of fans all guzzling beer and talking boxing, but the seats in the arena remained empty. A.J. Liebling said it best in his coverage of the Marciano/Moore fight. Advance ticket sales had been so good that that the promoter “had decided to replace the usual card of bad preliminary fights with some not worth watching at all…”
When the main event was announced a title wave of flesh flowed into the arena to witness one of the greatest fights in English history as Hatton took apart the great Tszyu and made him to quit on his stool.
The crowd erupted with such energy at the win that the night lit like a shell burst. The arena seemed to swirl off into space and for an instant the sun again refused to set on the British Empire. The streets warmed as the crowd streamed onto the sidewalks waving Hatton banners and flags. The prostitutes (a legal profession in Britain) were more radiant and beautiful than ever as they stood smiling behind their umbrellas, elated with the win and the possible windfall of generous cash coming their way.
Hatton eventually signed with Banner Promotions. I had been doing some work for them and had a great opportunity to continue following his career. He remained the quiet, humble man he had always been but problems, as often happens with success, had started to creep in. His entourage remained small, usually his mother, Carol—an energetic and happy woman—his father, and his long-time friend Paul Speak.
We sat together in the restaurant before the Luis Collazo fight in Boston. Hatton was more quiet than usual. He had a lot on his mind. He was about to drop his trainer Billy Graham and end up in a lawsuit. He soon became estranged from his parents.
In a flash knockdown 10 seconds into round 1 Collazo hit the canvas and jumped back up. It was a lucky break for Hatton. Hatton was always open to left hoots. Collazo knew that. The fight was hard and brutal with Hatton's head battered about like a speed bag. In the 12th round Collazo smashed him in the head with such a left blow that Hatton's legs almost crumpled. He wobbled about. It was the punch that effectively ended his career. The early knockdown won him the fight. Man, people were disappointed at the decision.
No one knew it at the time but Hatton's chin had been cracked. He had another 7 fights left in him, in fact, his biggest fights. He lost 3 of them. After the punch in the Collazo fight he could no longer take a punch. In his next fight, whenever Juan Urango clocked him his knees buckled. In boxing there is a strange connection between the chin and the knees. He managed to stay up but his knees gave him away. In the past a lack of defense made no difference. Now it meant everything.
Next up was Jose Luis Castillo. Fortunately Castillo had no incentive to fight. I was photographing him during a light workout prior to the fight when he was served with papers from his wife, or ex-wife, freezing his purse. He would be fighting for free. He gave a decent account of himself for the first 3 rounds of the fight and again Hatton's knees buckled every time he caught a punch, especially a left. Castillo went down in the 4th. He sat on his knees and could have gotten up but probably thought, why bother? A good thing for Hatton. Castillo hits pretty hard and he had a decent chance of winning the fight.
Hatton now had his chance to shine against Floyd Mayweather Jr. Both the money, 10 million, and the glory were there. Hatton was set to make history and be the first man to beat the Money Man. He was too anxious and, although this is not often a fault, too energetic. His extra hard punches often went astray. His fragile chin gave him away and a left put him down. He managed to rise before Mayweather finished the deal with another left. The 10 million was little consolation to Hatton. His pride was at stake. He started drinking and let his weight balloon. At a time when he needed his family and friends he was at odds with most of them.
His troubles shown on his face when he stepped into the ring against Juan Lazcano. As usual all Manchester was there to cheer him on. At one time Lazcano would have been no trouble. Not this night. Although Hatton won the unanimous decision, it was not without difficulty. Lazcano rocked him hard in the 8th and the 10th and he almost went down. His chin, one of his greatest assists, simply was not there.
Even Paulie Malignaggi, a great technician with the punch of a flea-scratching dog, rocked him before Hatton put him away. His difficulties were obvious and his stock dropped. He received just 8 million for his fight against Manny Pacquiao.
Of course Pacquiao made quick work of him. Hatton went down so hard there was some doubt he would ever rise. He was hurt and hurt seriously, not just physically but mentally.
For the next 3 years he moped about. His weight swelled like a lead balloon. His mate said he needed to be in the gym every day but he would not go. He finally decided to make the mistake most former champions make—a comeback, not because he needed the money but because he wanted to prove something to himself.
He had to lose almost 80 pounds to make the weight for the fight against 32-1-0 Vyacheslav Senchenko. Perhaps a tune-up fight would have been in order but Hatton wanted to fight the best. Hatton looked sluggish and rusty and started to tire quickly before Senchenko but him away in the 9th with a body shot. His chin, his body, and his career, were gone.
It was not the last 5 fights that marked Hatton's demise as a great fighter. It was a single punch from Luis Collazo, the punch that stole his chin. For a fighter with no defensive skills, a chin is essential. He eventually made peace with himself and retired still packing his enormous heart. He is presently in the gym almost every day working with new prospects and promoting fights. He is devoted to being the best father and family man he can be. With a heart like his, how can he fail?
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
Los Angeles Angels startrt Matt Shoemaker watches a pitch to the New York Yankees during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS106
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons stops a ground-ball single by New York Yankees' Brett Gardner during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS118
New York Yankees' Gary Sanchez, right, celebrates his three-run home run with third base coach Joe Espada during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS104
New York Yankees starting pitcher Michael Pineda throws to a Los Angeles Angels batter during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS105
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge runs to first base after hitting a fly ball during the third inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: NYOTK
Los Angeles Angels' Eric Young Jr. watches an RBI single during the third inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS107
New York Yankees starting pitcher Michael Pineda walks back the mound after throwing a wild pitch allowing Los Angeles Angels' Albert Pujols to score during the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS108
Los Angeles Angels' Danny Espinosa, right, leaps to avoid a collision with New York Yankees' Gary Sanchez, who was doubled off second on an unassisted double play by Espinosa on a liner by Rob Refsnyder during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS109
Los Angeles Angels' Eric Young Jr. hits a RBI single during the third inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: NYOTK
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge walks through the dugout during the third inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS110
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons, left, scores past New York Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez during the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS111
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge, left, is tagged out by Los Angeles Angels catcher Juan Graterol during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS112
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge slides past home plate after he was tagged out by Los Angeles Angels catcher Juan Graterol trying to score on a single hit by Starlin Castro during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: NYOTK
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge kneels near home plate after he was tagged out by Los Angeles Angels catcher Juan Graterol while trying to score on a single by Starlin Castro during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS114
Los Angeles Angels' Danny Espinosa, left, chases New York Yankees' Chase Headley before tagging him out during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS115
New York Yankees' Chase Headley watches his RBI single during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS116
New York Yankees' Starlin Castro reacts after striking out during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS118
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons, center, celebrates his two-run home run with Luis Valbuena as New York Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez, right, waits during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS119
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons, left, celebrates his two-run home run with Eric Young Jr. during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS120
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons points upward after hitting a two-run home run during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS121
Los Angeles Angels' Kole Calhoun catches the ball hit by New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks during the ninth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. It was ruled a double after video review. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS122
ANAHEIM — On a night that Eric Young Jr. continued to make Angels' fans wonder what the team will do with him when Mike Trout comes back, Matt Shoemaker showed why you can never look too far ahead in this game.
Shoemaker left the game in the fourth inning with tightness in his forearm. There was no further word on the severity of his injury.
The good news was that the Angels still won, beating the New York Yankees, 7-5, with Andrelton Simmons providing the go-ahead runs with a two-run homer in the seventh.
The lesson, though, is that it's pointless to try to predict roster moves too far in the future, because each day brings the potential of another injury that changes the variables.
In Shoemaker's case, the Angels have Doug Fister throwing at Triple-A, scheduled to start on Friday and with a June 21 out in his contract. If Shoemaker needs to miss a start, Fister would seem to be the obvious one to take his spot.
As for Young, he has been a revelation for the Angels ever since he came to the big leagues to take Trout's spot. A night after he had the game-tying and game-winning hits, the 32-year-old journeyman provided the go-ahead RBI, threw out a runner at the plate and made a diving catch.
Just after his catch in the top of the seventh preserved a tie, Simmons ripped a homer in the bottom of the inning. His seventh homer of the year put the Angels ahead, 7-5, in a game in which they had trailed 4-0 before even coming to bat.
Shoemaker gave up four runs in the first, three on a Gary Sanchez 441-foot homer. After that, though, he settled down. He escaped without damage in the second and third.
In the fourth, after he had allowed two singles, one an infield hit, to start the inning, the Angels summoned trainer Eric Munson to the mound to check on him. After some discussion, Shoemaker left the game.
Meanwhile, the Angels chipped away at Michael Pineda to get the lead.
They scored one in the first, but they nearly tied it. Luis Valbuena blasted a drive to straightaway center with the bases loaded. Aaron Hicks leapt at the fence and snagged it, perhaps robbing Valbuena of a grand slam. He settled for a sacrifice fly.
In the second, Danny Espinosa blasted a two-run homer, as he continues to dig out of an early season hole. Espinosa came into Wednesday's game hitting .257 in his previous 11 games, with a homer and two doubles. It's progress for a player whose average has been well under .200 all season.
Young's RBI single capped a two-run third to give the Angels the lead, but the Yankees tied it with an unearned run in the sixth.
Shutterstock
Uber doesn't technically discourage tipping, but, unlike Lyft, the company also doesn't allow you to leave a gratuity via the app. If you want to tip your Uber driver, you'll need to have cash on hand. New York City might be forcing a change in policy, however.
The city's Taxi and Limousine Commission is considering a proposal that would require any ride service exclusively using credit cards to allow tipping within the app. Nobody's explicitly saying this is a shot at Uber, but Lyft has included tipping since 2012 and Fasten allowed tipping in 2016, so Uber's pretty clearly the only holdout.
Uber discouraged tipping until it settled two lawsuits last year. The company then “clarified” its stance on tipping to say that it doesn't mind tipping, but that it feels drivers somehow prefer knowing exactly what they're getting financially and that riders view tipping as a “hassle” (which rings a bit hollow considering how easy and unintrusive the tipping system Lyft uses is).
Of course, the fact that Uber has to pay the credit card processing fees for these tips and give the full amount to the driver probably doesn't help matters from their perspective. But considering their current PR woes, it might behoove the app to swallow its pride and boost driver earnings with tips. If nothing else, they could use some positive media attention.
(Via The Verge)
09:51 Reported News Briefs Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 Kislev 23, 5778 , 11/12/17 'If victim would've gotten to us 2 minutes later, he'd be dead' Read more Hospital hails survival of 46-year-old Asher Elmaliach, who was stabbed by terrorist in front of J'lm bus station, a 'Hanukkah miracle'. ► ◄ Last Briefs
HOUSTON (AP) — Several school districts, cities and other government agencies are still waiting for a Texas insurer to pay nearly $60 million in claims from Hurricane Ike, adding to more insurance worries in the wake of Hurricane Harvey.
The Texas Windstorm Insurance Association provides insurance covering only wind and hail for nearly 235,000 policyholders in a 14-county area of coastal Texas. It doesn't cover claims arising from flooding, such as that caused by Harvey, the Houston Chronicle reported .
Texas City Independent School District leads the list of nine entities still seeking funds from the insurer with more than $17 million in outstanding Ike claims. Dickinson ISD is second with $10.5 million.
Officials with the entities said they have little faith the insurer will pay the claims without more legal battles.
"It's scary," said Vicki Mims, Dickinson superintendent whose community was also hit by Harvey. "As a school district, we have some resources to use. ...If you're a homeowner, what do you do? Fight TWIA for 10 years?"
Five of the entities still seeking funds for Ike are trying to work through an appraisal process to figure out how much the insurer should pay. Dickinson ISD filed a lawsuit and has battled a legal appeal in an effort to recover the losses.
The pending Ike claims are outliers and don't indicate any problems for Harvey claims, said Jennifer Armstrong, a spokeswoman for the insurer.
Claims through the insurer have become more complicated since Ike struck Texas in 2008. State lawmakers passed a series of laws in 2011 making an appraisal process the only avenue through which policyholders can dispute claims and capping the amount of damages if a court finds TWIA guilty of wrongdoing. Policyholders should be concerned because the new appraisal process is difficult to maneuver and because the insurer is less liable for damages if they do something wrong, said Wade Wendell of Texas Watch, a policyholder advocacy group.
"They're rigging the process," Wendell said. "These changes further incentivize TWIA to test to see if policyholders can afford a lawyer or if they have the stomach to fight them in court for years."
___
Information from: Houston Chronicle, http://www.houstonchronicle.com
Getty Image
The Backstreet Boys' self-titled debut album turns 20 this year which means you're probably going to hear “Everybody” and “I Want It That Way” ad nausea on your soft rock and pop radio stations. While everyone is riffing on nostalgia about the peak era boy band, BSB member AJ McLean recently took a moment to bring to light one of the true gems from their history: the time Max Martin sampled a fart for “The Call” off of Black & Blue.
Let McLean explain all of this via Billboard:
“So when we were in the studio with Max making the song ‘The Call,' Howie [Dorough] was in the booth and we were doing that vocal break down, [sings] ‘dun dun dun, dun dun dun dun.' Max gave Howie his harmony, and I think he was just putting so much air into the vocal that as he was singing, he went ‘dun, dun' and he farted — but he farted not only on the beat, but in key. So Max tweaked it and made it sound like one of his patented bass sounds, and it stayed on the record.”
Wait, Howie farted in-key? That is actually amazing! When asked whether or not the story was true, Howie totally copped to his musically-gifted gas.
“I'm sure there were a lot of beverages consumed back in the day. It's one of those kind of things… Everybody at that age — especially Nick [Carter] — was constantly passing gas, just being young 20-year-old guys doing guy locker room kind of stuff. And coincidentally, I got in the booth, was breathing in really heavily singing my part, and I guess some extra air kind of came out. It made everybody laugh, and Max decided to take that and sample it to turn it into the ‘dun dun dun, dun dun dun dun.'”
If anything, this is a testament to how talented Max Martin is as a producer and engineer. Pulling off a piece of flatulence is nothing to try and cushion. That's hard work. Honestly, we may need to adjust the Backstreet Boy talent power rankings now.
Asked Wednesday morning about playing Alabama every year, Tennessee head coach Butch Jones said it's this kind of rivalry games that add to the pageantry of college football and make the sport “very, very special.”
“Obviously that game means a lot to a lot of individuals, including us — also known as ‘The Cigar Game,'” Jones said during an appearance on The Opening Drive on WJOX-FM in Birmingham, Ala.
A column written by the Knoxville News Sentinel's John Adams last week saying Tennessee shouldn't have to play Alabama every season sparked debate among college football fans about whether or not the SEC cross-divisional series should be renewed annually.
Tennessee hasn't won in the Third Saturday in October rivalry since 2006, with Alabama winning the last 10 meetings by an average of 23.2 points per game.
“We talked about when we came here four years ago of getting back to being competitive and finding a way to win some of these rivalry games,” said Jones, who has led Tennessee to two straight wins over Georgia and a win over Florida last season that snapped a streak of 11 straight losses to the Gators.
“Obviously we have a tremendous amount of respect for Alabama and what coach (Nick) Saban has been able to do. They've kind of set the bar and the standard, not only for the SEC but I think for all college football.”
Jones is 0-4 against Saban and the Tide. Alabama won 49-10 at Neyland Stadium last season, after a 19-14 Tennessee loss in Tuscaloosa in 2015 that came down to Tennessee's final drive. Alabama won 34-20 in Knoxville in 2014 and 45-10 in Tuscaloosa in 2013.
“Obviously that's a great, great rivalry for us and we take great pride in that game,” Jones said. “We're very disappointed when we played them last year. The game before (in 2015) obviously went down to the very end in Tuscaloosa.
“It's always a great challenge,” Jones added. “But it's a game that it's an honor and privilege to play in. I think it's great for the Southeastern Conference and great for all college football.”
Jones was given the chance to daydream as the interview ended Wednesday, when asked what his cigar of choice would be should Tennessee beat Alabama. The fifth-year head coach hasn't thought that far ahead, though.
“You know what,” Jones said, “we just follow the process and whatever shows up.”
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A former New Jersey police officer has been given the maximum sentence on every count after a wrong-way crash on Staten Island killed two fellow officers.
Pedro Abad, 29, will spend at least 8 1/3 years in prison up to a maximum of 25 years. He was found guilty of aggravated vehicular homicide, aggravated vehicular assault, manslaughter, assault and reckless endangerment charges.
The sister of Officer Joseph Rodriguez, who was killed in the crash, spoke out in court.
“You didn't want to take a plea deal and you made me and my father sit through this brutal trial,” she said.
Roseanne Rodriguez told reporters she hates Abad and hopes he dies in prison.
The sister and father of Officer Frank Viggiano were also in court for the sentencing, but declined to speak to reporters.
Abad previously said in court that he prays to the victims every day and that he “knows they are happy in heaven.”
During sentencing, Judge Mario Mattei mentioned that remark.
“How do you know they're happy?” Mattei said. “I don't believe they were in such a rush to get to heaven, and you put them there.”
The judge also told Abad he has no idea of the magnitude of what he did, pointing out that Abad sent the judge a letter pleading for probation or one year in prison.
“This sentence ensures Mr. Abad is held accountable for the lives he destroyed when he decided to get behind the wheel and drive drunk,” said District Attorney Michael E. McMahon.
Abad has said he doesn't remember much of anything from that deadly crash in March of 2015.
Abad, a former Linden officer, was accused of driving drunk in a wrong-way crash that killed two fellow officers. A third officer was seriously injured, as well as Abad, who spent months in the hospital.
Authorities said the four men had just left a strip club in Staten Island, one that Abad says he went to often.
HUDDERSFIELD, England (AP) — Liverpool bounced back from two straight losses with a 3-0 win at Huddersfield that cemented the team's place in the top four of the Premier League on Tuesday.
Emre Can open the scoring with a fiercely-struck shot on the bounce from outside the area and Roberto Firmino doubled the lead on the stroke of halftime, squeezing in a finish from an acute angle.
Mohamed Salah grabbed the third from the penalty spot after Can was fouled, as Liverpool recovered from losses to Swansea in the league and West Bromwich Albion in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
"It was important for us after the last two results and performances that we weren't happy with," Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson said.
Can, who also won the penalty, produced an impressive performance amid continued speculation linking him with a move to Juventus, though Liverpool boss Juergen Klopp said he was not bothered by the uncertainty over the midfielder's future.
"What is the problem, as long as he plays like this?" Klopp said. "As long as people behave like Emre now behaves and delivers and then, if, in the end, we have to do it, we shake hands and say goodbye. And if he stays, we say hello again."
Huddersfield, which hasn't beaten Liverpool since 1959, is only a point above the relegation zone.
A couple who fell seriously ill near the English town of Amesbury were poisoned with the same Novichok nerve agent used in the Skripal incident, British police confirmed on Wednesday.
The Skripal case caused a rift between the UK and Russia, after the UK concluded that the nerve agent used was Soviet-made. Moscow denied the claim and the confrontation led to an exchange of diplomat expulsions between both countries.
What we know so far:
The victims are a 45-year-old man and a 44-year-old woman, who were discovered unconscious on Saturday at a house in a quiet neighborhood of Amesbury.
The couple is in a critical condition in the same UK hospital where Sergei Skripal and his daughter Julia were treated earlier this year.
Amesbury is 12 kilometers (8 miles) from Salisbury, where the Skripals were poisoned.
Local police have established two help lines to take calls from those who may have concerns about a possible contamination.
Counter-terrorism police are now handling the case.
No danger to public
Neil Basu, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism officer, told reporters it was unclear how they came into contact with the nerve agent or whether they had been specifically targetted.
A Downing Street spokesperson said the incident was being treated "with the utmost seriousness."
England's Chief Medical Officer said the risk to the general public remained low.
More to come...
Lourd broke her silence on the news on Monday, Jan. 2, sharing an old photo of herself, Fisher, and Reynolds on Instagram. With it, she wrote, "Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist. There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my own and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me."
Fisher's death was confirmed last Tuesday morning by way of the family's spokesperson, saying: "It is with a very deep sadness that Billie Lourd confirms that her beloved mother Carrie Fisher passed away at 8:55 this morning. She was loved by the world and she will be missed profoundly."
A photo posted by Billie Lourd (@praisethelourd) on Jan 2, 2017 at 10:09am PST
Other than that statement, Lourd remained silent on social media and had not commented on the heartbreaking deaths of her mother, Fisher, and grandmother, Reynolds, up until now.
Fisher died Tuesday morning after suffering a what was described as a massive heart attack on Friday while in flight to Los Angeles from London, where she was filming the series "Catastrophe" on which she had a recurring role. She was rushed from LAX airport to the UCLA Medical Center Friday afternoon when the plane landed. Just one day later, Reynolds, 84, was rushed to Cedar-Sinai in L.A. for a reported stroke. She died just hours after she was transported to the hospital. Her son, Todd Fisher, told Variety, "She wanted to be with Carrie."
Lourd—who is the daughter of Fisher and CAA veteran Bryan Lourd, who was with the "Star Wars" actress from 1991 to 1994—stars on Fox's "Scream Queens." In the series, her character wears fuzzy earmuffs, which she told Variety were a tribute to her mother's iconic Princess Leia buns.
In the past days since Fisher's death, Lourd's "Scream Queens" co-stars have shown their support with various social media messages, including those from Lea Michele, Jamie Lee Curtis, Ariana Grande, Taylor Lautner and John Stamos.
Lourd, her mother and grandmother were last seen together at a public event in 2015 at the SAG Awards where Reynolds was honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award.
“If you ask me,” John Cho quipped during the Academy's Scientific and Technical Awards, “you can't make a movie without a camera.”
His co-host Leslie Mann recounted that she made a camera-less movie once, on Broadway, and because nothing was ever recorded, had to say the words “over and over” every night, to a different audience.
Recording it once, she insisted, would have been much easier.
But would it have been art? Well, the Sci Tech Awards exist in that overlap of gear-headedness and artistry that comes up with the gadgets — and more recently, software suites and packages — that makes “recording” those plays (and adapting those books and comics and the occasional original script) that much easier.
And this particular evening went down pretty easily as well, as Cho and Mann made a fairly delightful duo that played well off each other, and which the Academy might do well to keep around for a few more installments.
As for this year's edition, cameras were very much in evidence, as a chunk of the evening was given over to the sudden realization that a lot of really great digital cameras have revolutionized filmmaking: The quartet honored were Panavision and Sony's Genesis, the Red, Sony's F65, and Arri's ubiquitous Alexa. It was pointed out that Arri has existed and evolved almost as long as the film biz itself — “since 1917, the year of the Russian Revolution,” which was evidently not a reference to the current White House staff.
It's actually even a “quintet,” if you include the evening's earlier citation for Thomson Grass Valley Viper FilmStream, which allowed uncompressed digital output into existing workflow set-ups.
Among the other honorees was the rather astonishing animatronic horse puppet from Creature Effects, which combines motion analysis, drive-train mechanisms, and faux hair — actually made and not rendered — for a device which showed this correspondent, via film clips, that he had already been successfully duped by this achievement in equine (and rider) safety in several westerns to date.
And along with the slew of digital camera acknowledgements and other awards came recognition that facial capture is now a whole thing, too.
A very gracious Parag Havaldar at Sony Imageworks was one of the honorees in this area, as were Luca Fascione, J.P. Lewis and Ian Matthews for Weta's FACETS, which allows “accurate facial tracking from an actor-mounted camera.” Or a “Serkis-mounted camera,” as is so often the case.
Afterwards, Fascione chatted with us, calling Weta's staff “the best,” while acknowledging the strides that have been made in “face-cap:” “These are systems that now work, capturing the brightest quality of picture.”
Elaborating, he said that “in the past, mo-cap was digital make up.” Now it's much more about the performance, which he allowed was “not documentary.” The “cap,” as it were, is part of a workflow, in partnership with editing, which “can merge two different takes, and adjust the timing,” so that the ultimately digital character becomes its own unique creation.
Fascione said that despite all the advances, there is still “more to be understood” about the process itself, and the interplay between how the live and captured performance results in something wholly new.
But then, that's what subsequent Sci-Tech Awards will be for. Though who knows? Once the Academy finally figures out a way to honor digital performances — a day that will come eventually — perhaps the Sci-Tech section won't have to be held on an earlier separate night.
*Front Row: Jereon Rotte, Mark Chiolis, Bob Harvey, Marcos Fajardo, Academy President Cheryl Boone Isaacs, Chair of the Scientific and Technical Awards Committee Jay Feeney, Vice Chair of the Scientific and Technical Awards Committee Barbara Ford Grant and Jeff Cruts. Second Row: Robert Nolty, Steve Rosenbluth, Paige Warner, Thiago Ize, Mark Rappaport, Todd Koma Minobe, Toshihiko Ohnshi, Kim Snyder and Geoff Wedig Third Row: Glenn Sanders, Vladimir Koylazov, Brian Cantwell, Michael Koperwas, Kiran Bhat, Christopher Kulla, David B Thomas, Bob Harvey, Fumihiko Sudo, Scott Y Oshita, Franz Kraus and an ARRI Representative. Fourth Row: Joshua Barratt, Archie Te, Luca Fascione, Nicholas Apostoloff, Iain Matthews, David W Bundy, Clifford Stein, Larry Gritz, Alan King and an ARRI Representative.
Fifth Row: J.P. Lewis, Brian Whited, Karl Winkler, Carl Ludwig, Maurice van Swaaij and Michael Keegan.
The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local):
9:35 a.m.
Stocks are opening mostly higher on Wall Street led by gains in technology and energy stocks.
Advanced Micro Devices rose 1.5 percent in early trading Monday and Chesapeake Energy rose 2.2 percent.
Trading in Bitcoin futures began Sunday. They fell slightly in early trading Monday from their overnight high. The futures contract that expires in January was trading at $17,820.
Traders are looking ahead to an announcement on interest rates Wednesday from the Federal Reserve. The Fed is expected to raise rates for the third time this year.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 1 point to 2,652.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 3 points to 24,332. The Nasdaq composite added 15 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,856.
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing his resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
6:05 p.m.
Missouri Lt. Gov. Mike Parson says he's planning a private swearing-in ceremony to take over after Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Greitens is resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Parson will take his place as governor. Both are Republicans who won separate races for their respective offices in 2016.
Parson says he's planning a private ceremony Friday because of time constraints. He said he'll plan a public event later.
Parson says he'll be working for the rest of the week and weekend on his transition to the state's top executive. He says he'll have discussions later about how the open lieutenant governor's seat should be handled.
___
5:30 p.m.
A former Missouri Supreme Court chief justice says a prosecutor's agreement to drop a criminal case against Gov. Eric Greitens following his resignation is "a good result for him."
Michael Wolff said Wednesday that it's possible that Greitens supporters were counting Missouri House votes on his impeachment and concluded he couldn't avoid it. Greitens plans to step down Friday.
Wolff also is a retired Saint Louis University law school dean. He said Greitens will leave office admitting to "doing nothing" and it's possible that in six months that he will say a "liberal cabal" pushed him out.
Wolff also said it's "surprising" that the agreement would protect the prosecutor and her staff from being sued over their actions.
He said, "I don't know if I've ever seen that."
___
4 p.m.
A former federal prosecutor says that an agreement to drop a criminal case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens when he resigned is a "fair resolution" to the case.
Jean Paul Bradshaw II said Wednesday that the St. Louis city prosecutor's office accomplished the "greatest public benefit" it could with Greitens' departure from office. Bradshaw is a Kansas City attorney who served as U.S. attorney for western Missouri in 1989-93.
Greitens plans to step down Friday. Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner agreed to drop a felony charge of computer data tampering. The charge accused Greitens of improperly suing a donor list for a charity he founded for his 2016 campaign.
Bradshaw said Greitens' resignation makes the agreement to drop the case appropriate because the state can "get back to doing business."
___
1 p.m.
A St. Louis judge has agreed to dismiss a felony computer data tampering case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday approved an agreement reached by Greitens' attorneys and the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Greitens announced his resignation on Tuesday. It is effective 5 p.m. Friday.
The dismissal agreement has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and everyone in her office from civil liability.
Greitens also was indicted in February on invasion of privacy stemming from an alleged affair with his St. Louis hairdresser in 2015. The charge was dropped earlier this month. A special prosecutor is deciding whether to refile that case.
___
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of his staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and his top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
This story corrects the spelling of Greitens in one reference.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokeswoman for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after his attorneys suggested he would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokeswoman for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." He didn't elaborate.
Martin says he expects a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says he thinks "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says she made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. She says there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if he were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to his status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said she rejects his "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that he was resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that he would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded, The Mission Continues, for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
She said Tuesday that her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that he is resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted his grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest he would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that he is quitting with his mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
When it comes to new vaping regulations, the Ontario government is not ready to inhale.
The Doug Ford government has hit pause on changes to the Smoke Free Ontario Act that were to have come into effect on July 1.
“The government will work with the public, experts and businesses to re-examine the evidence related to vaping as a smoking cessation tool to ensure that any changes are in the best interests of everyone and protect Ontarians' health and safety,” Simon Jefferies, a spokesman for Ford, said in an email Wednesday.
“The current provisions in the Smoke Free Ontario Act and the Electronic Cigarettes Act remains in effect and will continue to be enforced.”
Vapor Advocates of Ontario (VAO) issued a statement praising the Ford government's actions.
“The provincial regulations need to align with Health Canada's stance on vaping as a less harmful alternative to smoking to ensure the industry is clear on the legal expectations from both levels of governments,” Shaun Casey, president of the Canadian Vaping Association, said.
The previous provincial Liberal government, under former premier Kathleen Wynne, had planned to replace the Smoke-Free Ontario Act and Electronic Cigarettes Act with a single new version of the Smoke-Free Ontario Act covering both tobacco and vaping.
The new legislation would have banned vaping everywhere smoking is disallowed, and expanded the prohibition zone to outdoor restaurants, bar patios, and around schools or children and youth recreational facilities.
The same strict rules for selling tobacco would have applied to vaping products, according to Smoke-Free Ontario.
Vaping advocates, including PC MPP Randy Hillier, have challenged the new rules, arguing vaping is an effective and safe way for smokers to quit.
Both sides in the debate have said they do not want to encourage youth to take up vaping, although many of the flavours available are similar to candy or other treats.
aartuso@postmedia.com
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — The NYPD is taking extra security precautions after learning about Wednesday's shooting that occurred at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence and Counterterrorism John Miller said the NYPD sprang into action determining where any members of congress might be in New York City and whether they were attending any public events.
“Out of an abundance of caution we moved resources to City Hall, to Gracie Mansion, to other government locations and as we learned more we were able to adjust that,” Miller said. “We will have additional resources at some public events where elected officials are attending today.”
PHOTOS: Gunfire Erupts At Congressional Baseball Practice
Members of the NYPD's Critical Response Command and Strategic Response Group have been deployed to government locations.
Miller noted, “We are seeing globally with increasing frequency either terrorist attacks or incidents involving deranged active shooters.”
Five people were shot when a man opened fire on members of the Republican Congress as they were practicing for an annual charity baseball game, which is scheduled to go on as planned Thursday.
The shooting suspect, identified by law enforcement sources as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois, was fatally shot by police.
The FBI is working to identify a motive for the shooting.
By Brian Ives
So, you're Mariah Carey, one of the world's biggest stars for a quarter of a century, and you fail on national TV, big time. How do you handle it?
As it turns out, you handle it with humor.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
For those just waking up now: in case you were totally absent from social media on New Year's Eve (and if so, good for you!), Mariah Carey had a disastrous performance—or perhaps, non-performance is a better way to describe it—on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve last night. As CBS News reported, Carey “paced the stage without singing. It's unclear what exactly were the technical difficulties, but the disaster was obvious as it unfolded live.”
Predictably, twitter erupted with mockery, including memes about 2016 claiming its final victim (Mariah Carey's career).
Carey's response was a single [NSFW] tweet, “S— happens. Have a happy and healthy new year everybody! Here's to making more headlines in 2017.”
NEW YORK (WFAN) — The Giants did plenty of things well last season. Running the ball wasn't one of them.
After having the league's 29th-ranked rushing offense, Big Blue has been focusing heavily on the run game in OTAs and minicamp.
Second-year running back Paul Perkins will be counted on heavily to lead that turnaround.
“As a group, as a collective offensive line/running back group, we're really getting some cohesion, and we're really starting to mesh as a group,” Perkins told WFAN's Mike Francesa on Wednesday. “So I'm feeling really confident about this upcoming season.”
Perkins rushed for 456 yards as a rookie. But after the Giants released Rashad Jennings in February, Perkins will take over as the featured back.
The Giants also will enter training camp with veterans Shane Vereen, Orleans Darkwa and Shaun Draughn and rookie Wayne Gallman on the roster, among others.
MORE: Beckham: Missing OTAs Had Nothing To Do With Wanting New Deal
“The focal point of this next season is going to have to be the run game,” Perkins said. “So it doesn't just fall on my shoulders, but it falls on the rest of the running backs and the offensive line.”
The Giants went 11-5 last season and earned a wild-card spot before falling to the Packers in the first round of the playoffs.
So what is coach Ben McAdoo's message entering this season?
“Keep getting better — that's our mantra,” Perkins said. “Every day, we're making 1 percent gains. And continue to build off of yesterday's practice or the last mistake. Just continue to progress and continue to get better.”
To listen to Francesa's interview with Perkins, click on the audio player above.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — A district attorney ruled Monday that state police acted properly a year ago when they shot and killed a man they suspected of murdering a state trooper in a rural area of central Pennsylvania.
Huntingdon County District Attorney David Smith issued his decision in the Dec. 31 death in Hesston of 32-year-old Jason Robison.
The two-page report said troopers searching for Robison found him inside a camper not far from where Trooper Landon Weaver had been killed.
Smith said the investigators retreated and secured the area, and a short time later, Robison appeared at the camper door, holding a pistol.
"Troopers at the scene ordered Robison numerous times to drop his gun, which he refused to do," Smith wrote. "Robison moved as if to advance from the camper while still holding the pistol in his hand. After Robison began to move, members of the state police fired shots at Robison, who was struck in the head, torso, arms and legs."
A .32-caliber Beretta pistol was recovered beside Robison's body. It contained eight live rounds, and there were two other bullets in the pocket of his jacket.
The prosecutor deemed the killing as justified and said authorities will not the release the names of troopers involved.
Investigators said earlier this year they recovered 22 spent rounds from the scene, none that matched Robison's gun.
Weaver had gone to Robison's home to investigate an alleged violation of a protective order for texting his ex-girlfriend.
Robison's mother, Sherry Lou Robison, told investigators her son pulled a handgun out of his pants and walked toward the trooper. She then heard a popping sound and saw Weaver fall to the floor, bleeding.
Weaver, 23, had been with the state police for about a year. He had been married about six months before his murder.
.
NEW YORK (AP) — What's new in cruising for 2018? There's the usual razzle-dazzle — laser tag, water slides, zip lines and massive LED screens — along with a continued emphasis on healthy lifestyles, from dining options to fitness.
New ships offer more outdoor spaces and views of the sea, with boardwalk-style decks, glass walls and observation areas.
Alaska is very popular, along with itineraries on smaller ships to other cold-water destinations like Iceland, Greenland and the polar regions.
Millennials are a factor, too. Royal Caribbean says shorter cruises are popular with 20-somethings. In Europe, U by Uniworld river cruises are for ages 21-45 only.
The Cruise Lines International Association says "skip-gen" cruising is a new phenomenon, when grandparents cruise with grandkids, but skip a generation by leaving mom and dad home.
Galveston, TX (77553)
Today
Thunderstorms likely. High 79F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%..
Tonight
Some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 78F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.
HOT ROD Power Tour 2017 Is Presented By Chevrolet Performance And Driven By Continental Tire
If you think that Power Tour is just for rocking chair cruisers, think again. Michael Callahan from Cincinnati, Ohio, always dreamed about going to Bonneville with a street car and getting into the 150MPH Club. Or should we say drive a car to Bonneville, make his passes, and then drive it home. A few years ago he got into the 130MPH Club with a 1999 Crown Vic that was a Bondurant Driving School car set up by Jack Roush with a 1999 Mustang Cobra drivetrain. He got into the club with it, but he knew it couldn't go 150mph. He retired from the printing business and the search for a 150mph street car commenced. In 2015 he found the car he thought would work in California, this 1969 Mercury Cyclone Spoiler II. These cars were originally made to fight the aero wars in NASCAR, where a 500-production run available to the general public was necessary to homologate the cars for racing. In all 502 were built, all with 351 Windsor engines, C4 automatics, and all in white with either blue or red accents. The noses were extended, lowered, and a flush grille was added. Ford Torino Talladegas were built in a similar fashion. The front bumpers were modified rear bumpers, V'd in the center and capped to help aero. Also, the rockers were modified to roll into the frame sooner, to cheat the NASCAR rules about stock ride height. NASCAR measured at the rockers, so if they are higher, then the car can be lowed, for a lower center of gravity and better aero. Get it?
What Michael got when he bought the Merc was a modified Spoiler, set up basically like you see it here. Painted a non-stock black, it also has a 1970 351 Cleveland with 4bbl heads and single 750 Holley, hooked to a wide ratio Top Loader 4-speed trans. Out back a 2.75 gear and Detroit Locker rear also got Michael a few steps closer to Bonneville. The mods and improvements sealed the deal and he drove it home from Torrance, California, with a list of things to fix with every mile driven. Over the last two years of ownership Michael has made substantial small fixes and improvements to ready the car for its salt assault.
Changes to meet SCTA specs to race the 2-1/2 mile course included a 4-point roll bar, driveshaft loop, V-rated tires, 5-point harness and seat brace, and a handful of other additions. When he put it on a chassis dyno a few other changes were deemed necessary to surpass 150mph at Bonneville. Beehive valve springs with titanium retainers were added, an Edelbrock air-gap intake replaced the single plane manifold, 16-inch rear wheels were added to gain speed, an aluminum driveshaft replaced the clunky original, and many minor changes were made to the Holley. But keep in mind that this car runs a mechanical fuel pump, stock pistons, rods and bottom end. With those changes the Merc ran 168mph simulated on the chassis dyno at 5900rpm.
After all of the thrashing to prepare it for its maiden runs on the salt, the 2015 Bonneville meet was rained out, so the wait began for 2016. When it finally arrived Michael drove the Spoiler 1800 miles to Bonneville. Getting there for Tech Day, he passed tech and the next day ran 154mph on his first pass, with a backup pass of 153mph, making it into the 150MPH Club no problem. This was done with windshield wipers and side mirrors, the tune he drove it to Bonneville with, and a mix of the 91 octane gas he came to Utah with, and some 100 octane gas he picked up on the course. He told us the passes were exhilarating, and that towards the top end it skated quite a bit. But if you don't back off and over correct you're positioned to complete the pass short of breaking a part. When Michael is telling the story it seems so simple; just drive your street car to Bonneville from Cincy, go 150mph, and then drive home. Of course we know that any effort like this required plenty of planning, thought, time and money. Still, Michael got into the Cyclone really reasonably, and though he expected he might have to rebuild the engine and do other major mods, it ended up being one of those happy ending stories that greased the skids to fulfilling one of the most improbable dreams a hot rod enthusiast could have. Congrats to Michael and to his murdered out Cyclone Spoiler II.
Frequently asked Questions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/hot-rod-power-tour-2017-faq/
Driving Directions: http://www.hotrod.com/articles/2017-hot-rod-power-tour-route-download/
Main Event Page: http://www.hotrod.com/events/power-tour/
For More Coverage, follow us on Facebook and Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/hotrodmagazine/?hl=en https://www.facebook.com/hotrodmag/
Shutterstock
Elizabeth Denham, Britain's information commissioner, is beginning a wide-ranging probe into Cambridge Analytica which has come under supreme scrutiny for using the data of over 50 million Facebook users to sway elections in the United States and the United Kingdom. The fallout from The Guardian's expose of one of the masterminds behind Steve Bannon and Robert Mercer's use of “information warfare” has already leaded to a near-five percent drop to Facebook's stock, and a campaign to #DeleteFacebook has picked up steam overnight.
Now Facebook is trying to gather its own evidence into how this happened amidst multiple scandals that are branching off and coming back to point at serious misconduct and the horrifying influence Cambridge Analytica has over the population. According to various reports, Facebook sent their own investigators to Cambridge Analytica's offices, only to be blocked off by British authorities before any evidence may have been compromised.
Facebook have confirmed that auditors and legal counsel acting on behalf of the company were in the offices of Cambridge Analytica this evening until they were told to stand down by the Information Commissioner. These investigations need to be undertaken by the proper authorities — Damian Collins (@DamianCollins) March 19, 2018
To be clear, @facebook was trying to "secure evidence" ahead of the UK authorities. Nice try, @facebook. The UK Information Commissioner's Office cracking whip…British legal investigation MUST take precedence over US multibillion $ company.. https://t.co/CNNXwv1M3R — Carole Cadwalladr (@carolecadwalla) March 19, 2018
PLACENTIA – A truism: Husbands mess things up.
Even the best things. Even the most romantic things, the nicest things. Even the things that make wives fall in love with the big lugs in the first place.
Bob Hoffmann, an operations manager at Ford in Long Beach, messed up last week so badly that he needed a team of people at the Goodwill Store in Placentia -- and a serious amount of prayer -- to bail him out.
In the aftermath of Valentine's Day, Bob may be the most romantic, nicest and luckiest man in Southern California. When you hear his story, you may feel like slamming your palm into your forehead. And then you might want to congratulate Hoffmann for showing such heart.
The whole thing started when Bob thought it would be a good idea to hide the envelope full of $8,000 cash inside the pocket of an old orange shirt in the depths of his closet.
“I didn't think anybody would look in there,” Bob said.
What could possibly go wrong?
Bob, 65, and Linda, 68, met 15 years ago in a biker bar. They both rode Harleys.
“I told my friend, ‘See that man standing over there?'” Linda said. “I'm going to get to know him.”
He had a Springer Softail bike, the kind where the seat rides low.
“I love the sound of Harleys,” Linda said. “I love the feel of them.”
They got married on Sept. 30, 2011. They don't have kids, but they do have a West Highland White Terrier named Casper.
Just after their wedding, Bob got an incredibly romantic idea. When he retired from Ford, sometime in 2018, he was going to give Linda the vacation of her dreams.
“Italy,” Linda said.
“My plan was to save $10,000,” Bob said. “Then one day I was going to walk up to her and say, ‘We don't have to wish anymore.'”
Bob didn't tell Linda about the Italian Plan, which, in hindsight, may have been where this whole thing went wrong.
Secretly, Bob saved money for his wife's dream trip, building up a total of $8,000 in his account.
A couple of weeks ago, real life intervened. Bob got a call from a relative who had fallen on hard times. The relative, who had children, was about to get evicted from their apartment. They were desparate.
So Bob, the big-hearted guy that he is, decided to give away the money he had been saving for six years.
Bob took the money out of bank last Monday and he intended to present it to the relative later in the week.
But what do you do with $8,000 in cash from your secret account? You can't just leave it lying around the house.
Bob put the money in an envelope, then stuffed the envelope in the pocket of an orange Van Heusen shirt that may once have been fashionable. He had outgrown it over the years.
The shirt was on the bottom rung of his closet, among the shirts he doesn't wear anymore.
This is where the palm and forehead come into play. Later that same night, Linda told Bob that she was going to Goodwill in the morning to donate some old clothes.
Big-hearted Bob offered to help. He grabbed a bunch of shirts out of his closet and loaded them into Linda's car.
Yes, one of them was the cash-laden orange Van Heusen. Linda dropped off the shirts at Goodwill last Tuesday morning.
It took Bob two days to realize what he had done.
He was driving home from work Thursday evening with another $100 to add to the total he would be giving his relative.
Where did I put that envelope?
When he got home, he tried to remain calm when he asked his wife, “Did you happen to drop off those shirts at Goodwill?”
Of course she had. Wives are efficient.
That's when Bob told her about the secret account, about how he had intended to surprise her, and about how he was going to give the money to someone who needed it more.
“What a nice thing to do,” Linda said. “It was money I didn't even know about. He worked so hard to save that money.”
Linda had another thought.
“Do you want me to ask how much was in that envelope?” she asked her husband.
“No,” Bob said.
She muted the television.
“How much was in the envelope?” she asked.
When he told her she remembers saying “Oh my God.”
They raced to Goodwill, which, thankfully, was still open. They and a team of people searched though the store for about an hour.
They found other shirts that Bob had donated.
But not the orange one.
“Bob is an extremely strong human being,” Linda said. “I don't want to hurt his male ego ... but he was crying. I haven't seen him that distraught since his parents died.”
They drove home that night.
They prayed.
The phone rang at 7:30 a.m. Friday.
A woman named Caitlin Mulvihill had been searching through the warehouse when she saw a blue, wire bin full of men's dress shirts. One of them was orange.
“I was very relieved,” Mulvihill said. “I saw that envelope sticking out of the pocket.”
Linda called Bob at work.
“Thank you, Jesus,” they said in unison on the phone.
“I can't believe I actually got the money back,” Bob said. “The honesty and integrity of the people at Goodwill are amazing. Someone easily could have slipped that into their pocket.”
Linda went back to Goodwill and claimed the envelope. She offered a huge reward. But Goodwill wouldn't take it.
She had to give them something. So they agreed she would pay $400 for a pizza party for the Goodwill staff.
When you have good intentions, sometimes karma works in your favor.
Last weekend, Bob found out that his relative no longer needed the money.
So he put the money safely back into the bank.
He didn't mess that part up.
Los Angeles Clippers guard Lou Williams, right, shoots as Chicago Bulls guard David Nwaba defends during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls forward Denzel Valentine, center, shoots as Los Angeles Clippers forward Wesley Johnson, left, and forward Montrezl Harrell defend during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls center Robin Lopez, center, shoots as Los Angeles Clippers guard Avery Bradley, left, and center DeAndre Jordan defend during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers center DeAndre Jordan, left, blocks the shot of Chicago Bulls guard Jerian Grant during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls guard Jerian Grant, center, shoots as Los Angeles Clippers forward Danilo Gallinari, left, of Italy, and guard Milos Teodosic, of Serbia, defend during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Montrezl Harrell, left, shoots as Chicago Bulls center Robin Lopez defends during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers center DeAndre Jordan, right, shoots as Chicago Bulls forward Denzel Valentine defends during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Tobias Harris, second from right, shoots as Chicago Bulls center Robin Lopez, second from left, and forward Paul Zipser, right, of Germany, defend while center DeAndre Jordan watches during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Tobias Harris, right, shoots as Chicago Bulls guard Justin Holiday defends during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls center Robin Lopez, right, shoots as Los Angeles Clippers forward Montrezl Harrell defends during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls guard Zach LaVine, left, shoots as Los Angeles Clippers forward Montrezl Harrell defends during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls guard Jerian Grant, right, shoots as Los Angeles Clippers forward Montrezl Harrell falls during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Tobias Harris, right, reaches for a pass intended for him along with Chicago Bulls guard Justin Holiday during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers guard Tyrone Wallace, left, and Chicago Bulls guard Justin Holiday reach for a tipped jump ball during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Montrezl Harrell, left, and Chicago Bulls guard Zach LaVine grapple for the ball during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls guard Jerian Grant, right, shoots as Los Angeles Clippers forward Montrezl Harrell defends during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls guard Zach LaVine, right, shoots as Los Angeles Clippers forward Danilo Gallinari, of Italy, defends during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls center Robin Lopez, left, and Los Angeles Clippers center DeAndre Jordan wait for a rebound during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers guard Avery Bradley, left, congratulates forward Tobias Harris after Harris scored during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Chicago Bulls, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Clippers forward Tobias Harris dunks as Chicago Bulls guard Justin Holiday, left, and center Robin Lopez defend during the second half of Saturday afternoon's game at Staples Center. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Chicago Bulls guard David Nwaba, second from right, passes the ball as Los Angeles Clippers forward Montrezl Harrell, left, guard Lou Williams, second from left, and guard Tyrone Wallace defend during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Tobias Harris, left, shoots as Chicago Bulls guard Justin Holiday, center, and center Robin Lopez defend during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
Los Angeles Clippers forward Danilo Gallinari, left, of Italy, and Chicago Bulls forward Bobby Portis reach for a rebound during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Los Angeles. The Clippers won 113-103. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
LOS ANGELES — It looked so easy, so simple, so effortless. It looked like small forward Tobias Harris had teamed with power forward Danilo Gallinari for years instead of only days. They clicked like longtime teammates who could read each other's thoughts and react accordingly.
They would have been forgiven for running to the same spot or colliding at one point or another during their first game together, after two practices and a walk-through. But it never happened. They didn't need directions to the basket or to the defensive end of the court.
Harris scored 24 points on 10-for-19 shooting in his Clippers debut Saturday at Staples Center. He swished his first shot, a 3-pointer, since he, Avery Bradley and Boban Marjanovic were acquired Monday from the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Blake Griffin, Brice Johnson and Willie Reed.
Gallinari scored 24 points on 8-for-14 shooting in his second game back in the lineup after a 25-game layoff because of a left gluteus maximus injury. He also had nine rebounds, combing with Harris to lead the Clippers to a 113-103 victory over the Chicago Bulls.
“Tobias and Danilo were phenomenal tonight,” Clippers coach Doc Rivers said, forgetting for a moment that Saturday's game was a matinee, but cutting to the heart of the difference in the teams. “I'm just trying to figure out what you have with those two.”
Harris and Gallinari were supported by reserve guard Lou Williams, who scored 20 points on 5-for-16 shooting, and backup forward Montrezl Harrell, who had 14 points on 7-for-11 shooting. Bradley, Milos Teodosic and Tyrone Wallace added eight points each.
Williams scored 20 or more for the 14th consecutive time off the bench.
Marjanovic didn't play.
Zach LaVine led the Bulls with 21 points. Chicago lost its sixth consecutive game.
The Clippers led from start to finish, moving above .500 at 26-25. They were never in serious jeopardy after building a 15-point lead in the second quarter, maintaining a double-digit lead for most of the rest of their first game since dealing Griffin in a surprise move.
“We played with a new team today,” Gallinari said of the new-look Clippers, who could make further moves before the NBA trade deadline arrives Thursday at noon. “The style is going to be what you saw. We just have to keep it up and keep improving. It can be better, but it was a great effort.”
Harris and Bradley each said he felt comfortable in his new surroundings. It showed.
“It felt great,” said Harris, who also grabbed four rebounds. “It felt good just to go out and play, but obviously I'll be more acclimated coming up. I think if you look around the league now, that's the name of the game, to have dual forwards who can feed off each other.”
Bradley's debut wasn't nearly as eye-catching, but he teamed seamlessly with Teodosic and also with Williams when Rivers decided to go with a three-guard lineup that included Gallinari and Harrell. Bradley's stay with the Clippers could be short if a Washington Post report is accurate.
The Oklahoma City Thunder are said to be interested in acquiring Bradley, who is in the final year of his contract, and could be a replacement for injured guard Andre Roberson. Bradley said he didn't wish to address the story after playing 32:02 in his first game with the Clippers.
“It's part of the business,” said Bradley, who also had two rebounds and four assists. “I don't worry about it. This is my focus here (with the Clippers). I try to control what I can control. All I can control is playing hard and trying to get wins for the Clippers.”
Mount Airy did everything it needed to do to earn a Senior Night victory over top-ranked Winston-Salem Prep on Friday night. Everything but one, that was.
The sixth-ranked Granite Bears had the Phoenix on the ropes as the fourth quarter got under way. Nineteen seconds into the final period, Caleb Arrington let fly with an off-balance 3-pointer and gave his team its biggest lead of the night at 59-52. At this point, Mount Airy (13-6, 5-3 Northwest 1A Conference) had run off 11 straight points.
One expects a team ranked No. 1 in the state not to go down easily, and the Phoenix didn't. Prep (17-3, 7-0), led by senior guard Daivien Williamson, responded with 11 straight points of its own to lead 62-59 with 5:35 remaining. Williamson, who ended the game with 38 points, got eight on them in this run.
The Phoenix led for all but two seconds of the time that remained. With 52 seconds to play, Greg Greene drove the ball to the basket and scored to put the Bears back on top 68-67. After some controversy in the endgame, Prep regained the lead and went on to win 75-73.
If there was anything for Mount Airy to rue, it was its poor free-throw shooting in that crucial stretch of the game. In a contest that was highly physical and which saw two Prep players foul out, the Bears made just two of nine free throws in the fourth quarter. The Phoenix, meanwhile, made 10 of 11 in that time, and this ultimately allowed them to escape the Granite City with their 14th consecutive victory.
Prep led 67-63 with 1:54 to play when Ryan Graham hit a 3-pointer. After Prep's Justice Goodloe was whistled for an offensive four, Greg Greene went right to the rim and scored to put the Bears back in front. The Phoenix immediately inbounded the ball and Williamson scored at the other end two seconds later, officially. In reality, there was an administrative issue at the scorer's table and the operators sounded the horn twice in an attempt to get the officials' attention. By the time play was stopped, Williamson had scored (with some of the Bears believing that play hadn't begun) and been awarded an and-one.
The officials then took a few minutes to sort things out and decided to count Williamson's basket. He made the free throw and the Phoenix led 70-68. Over the next 35 seconds, he made three of four additional free throws while the Bears missed two, and it was 73-68 when Arrington scored with 15 seconds left.
There was still a chance, but Prep got the ball to Williamson yet again and he made his his free throws. Graham hit another three with three seconds to play, but the Bears were out of time-outs.
Arrington had a hot hand early in the game. Mount Airy started all five of its seniors and they more than held their own. It was 4-2 in favor of the Bears when Coach Levi Goins subbed for the first time. Two 3-pointers from Arrington gave his team early leads of 7-2 and 11-7, but the Phoenix led 18-15 at the end of the first quarter.
Prep came out strong in the second quarter and had surged to its biggest lead at 32-25 when Greg Greene stepped up an hit a three. Moments later, he stole the ball and sent it ahead to Arrington for two more. The teams traded blows right before the half and Prep went to the locker room ahead 38-36.
The lead changed hands seven times in the third quarter, the last coming when Arrington tipped in his own miss with 14 seconds left. Greg Greene stole the Prep inbounds and scored to give Mount Airy a 56-52 edge with a quarter to go.
Arrington led the Bears with 22 points. Graham added 19, Greg Greene 16, and Donavon Greene 11 to go with several blocked shots. Corey Rutherford, with 11, was the only other Prep player to reach double figures.
Mount Airy's Caleb Arrington looks to drive toward the basket during Friday night's game with Winston-Salem Prep. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_DSC_0140.jpg Mount Airy's Caleb Arrington looks to drive toward the basket during Friday night's game with Winston-Salem Prep. John Cate | The News The Bears' Greg Greene splits four Prep defenders on the way to the basket for two points on Friday night. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_DSC_0142.jpg The Bears' Greg Greene splits four Prep defenders on the way to the basket for two points on Friday night. John Cate | The News Mount Airy's Donavon Greene is the victim of some illegal “defense” at the hands of Winston-Salem Prep on this play. He was awarded two free throws. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_DSC_0151.jpg Mount Airy's Donavon Greene is the victim of some illegal “defense” at the hands of Winston-Salem Prep on this play. He was awarded two free throws. John Cate | The News
Williamson's 38, poor FT shooting doom No. 6 Bears in loss
CORONA DEL MAR — Four men were tossed from a 21-foot boat that capsized Friday, Oct. 6, south of Corona del Mar, authorities said.
Around 6 p.m. the men were setting lobster traps close to shore when waves swamped the boat, Orange County Sheriff's Department Lt. John Roche said.
One man swam to shore and the three others were rescued by the Sheriff's Department's Harbor Patrol.
Two of the men were taken by ambulance to Hoag Hospital as a precaution.
The boat, which had hull damage, remained lodged against some rocks Friday night and its owner was requested to tow it away, Roche said.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Scientists have discovered that the San Andreas Fault in California continued to slip for up to 12 years after the magnitude 6 Parkfield earthquake that hit the state in 2004. Experts say the discovery indicates other parts of the fault that are predicted to rupture in the near future could be at greater risk of afterslip than previously thought.
Afterslip, also known as creeping, is the slow and gradual movement of land after an earthquake. How long this movement lasts varies widely depending on the fault system. This makes it difficult to work out what the long-term damage to buildings and infrastructure will be.
In a study published in the Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, geophysicist James Lienkaemper from the U.S. Geological Survey and Forrest McFarland of San Francisco State University, have now analyzed the Parkfield earthquake to create better afterslip forecasts for parts of the fault expected to rupture.
Trending: New Discoveries About San Andreas Fault Afterslip Shed Light on Earthquake Risk
The San Andreas Fault is one of the longest fault systems in the world, stretching around 800 miles (1,300 km) through California. It marks the boundary between the Pacific and North American plate and has the potential to cause huge earthquakes. But not all sections of the fault are the same.
The part of the fault involved in the Parkfield earthquake—in geological terms—is very similar to the Hayward Fault, a section of the San Andreas Fault located near San Francisco. Known as a creeping fault, the Hayward fault has been identified as being at risk of producing a strong earthquake.
Previous research by McFarland and Lienkaemper found this fault has stored up enough energy to produce a 6.8 magnitude earthquake. Understanding the afterslip, they say, will help authorities plan better for repairs to infrastructure, if and when the fault ruptures.
Don't miss: Tyler, the Creator Joins List of Famous Artists Tapped for TV Show Songs
In the latest study, the scientists examined the afterslip of the Parkfield earthquake. They found that 74 percent of the expected afterslip—13.8 inches—had occurred within a year of the earthquake. After six years, the predicted afterslip was still not complete.
From these findings, they predicted that the afterslip at the ruptured fault would take between six and 12 years to complete. The ends of the fault were most likely to continue to slip, indicating stress was transferred from the central section outward.
San Andreas Fault More
Ian Kluft/CC
Most popular: Diesel Fumes Are As Bad for Your Well-Being As Your Partner Dying: Study
Lienkaemper said the findings show how people living in fault areas need to prepare for the impacts of afterslip. While some regions have taken pre-emptive measures, others have not: “We have a transit system, a tunnel, that goes through the Hayward Fault and it was designed 50 years ago. It wasn't made big enough for trains to go through after a major earthquake,” he tells Newsweek.
“[The findings are] relevant to the Hayward but equally relevant to others that have very similar characteristics. There's one called the Green Valley Fault which is an even longer fault and has lots of creeps which is tell-tale that afterslip is going to occur. The fault hasn't broken for 400 years—but on average it has ruptured every 250 years. That's one that will have afterslip. So people there should be looking into where are the water lines and where are the power lines and so on.”
It is impossible to tell when the Hayward Fault will rupture. Lienkaemper jokes he has been doing geological work on the fault for the last 2,000 years and they are still no closer to predicting when it will go. “The average is 160 years between earthquakes, but plus or minus 100 or so years,” he says. “So using our best estimates it could be anywhere from 100 years to 300 years between earthquakes. It's not clear at all. With something like the 1906 earthquake, that caused a stress shadow and sucks all the energy out of the whole system. This may still have some sway over the Hayward Fault and whether it's going to break, but we don't know.”
More from Newsweek
Virginia State Police Trooper J.W. Staton is investigating a fatal crash in Campbell County. The crash occurred Sunday (April 16) at 2:34 p.m. on Leesville Road, less than a mile south of Route 460.
A 1992 Chevrolet S10 pickup truck was traveling south on Leesville Road when it ran off the right side of the road and struck a tree.
The driver, Timothy J. Fuller, 24, of Abingdon, Va., was transported to Lynchburg General Hospital for treatment of minor injuries. He was wearing a seatbelt.
Fuller's passenger and son, Noah J. Fuller, 3, of Madison Heights, Va., was transported to Lynchburg General Hospital, where he later died. Fuller was in a child safety seat, but the impact of the crash with the tree was on the passenger side of the vehicle.
The cause of the crash remains under investigation. Trooper Staton is asking anyone who may have witnessed the crash or has any information about it to please contact him at the Area 20 Office at 434-946-7101 or by email at area20@vsp.virginia.gov. Alcohol was not a factor in the crash.
This story contributed by:
Corinne N. Geller
Public Relations Director
Virginia State Police
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) — With the Scripps National Spelling Bee extended to three days this year, longtime pronouncer Jacques Bailly finally needed some help.
Bailly's understudy for the past 16 years, the Rev. Brian Sietsema, filled in for him during portions of Wednesday's competition.
Sietsema is a Greek Orthodox priest from Michigan, as well as a former linguistics professor and lexicographer.
Bailly is the longtime public face of the bee. He says it was hard to take his first-ever break, but he knew it was necessary.
This year's bee nearly doubled in size because Scripps started a wild-card program that allowed kids who didn't win their regional bees to get to nationals. More than 500 spellers competed over two days of preliminary rounds. No more than 50 finalists were to be announced later Wednesday.
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols
VIENNA (AP) — Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz says he's positioning his country as a bridge between the "Visegrad group" of eastern European nations and their western counterparts.
Kurz said he agreed with the Visegrad countries — Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia — that a quota system for migrants was unworkable and on the need to strengthen external borders.
Speaking alongside Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Tuesday, Kurz said that "it's in all of our interests that we work together."
Orban says Europe's border-free travel zone can only work with "radical" external border protections like the fence he had constructed.
He says: "what's happening today is they want to open the external borders and close the internal ones, this is the exact opposite."
City of Spruce Grove council received a detailed update on the progress of their City Centre Area Redevelopment Plan (ARP).
Representatives from Cushing Terrill Architecture (CTA) presented the update during the April 16 council meeting.
The ARP was recommended in the City Centre Revitalization Discussion Paper in June 2014 and was subsequently approved by council as part of the 2017-19 corporate plan.
Currently, CTA has completed infrastructure assessment on the city centre, and a mapping session dealing with concerns around Columbus Park. According to the project principal in charge Wayne Freeman, the time has definitely come to start revitalizing the area.
“We've got ageing pipes underground and systems that are not functional for expanded residential development in the core area. We look at this because we need to be sure there's going to be available for infrastructure. This serves as a catalyst to private development,” said Freeman.
As part of the assessment, CTA recommended a replacement schedule, and gave a review of the city's existing traffic patterns and streetlights.
Transitioning into transportation, the organization explained they're currently undertaking a parking study to assess utilization. They also reviewed a plan to instil angle parking on MacLeod Ave. and the possibility of implementing one-year pilot projects to evaluate their success in alleviating traffic.
“In order to create a safer operating condition we did a transportation study. There's one area we're looking at closing, which is the entrance to Hwy. 16A
CTA also expressed major concern with the water distribution plant, recommending the City undergoes upgrades. With the distribution centre included, CTA recommended a total of $3.3 million dollars in work to the city's current system. Crews would also replace storm drainage, should the plan reach the approval stage.
“We're suggesting all of the piping should be replaced in the water distribution system. The pipe systems that are not PVC are actually asbestos cement. While that works, it does need to be replaced. With existing systems, they don't have the capacity,” explained Freeman.
The second part of the presentation went over key action considerations over the next 5-15 years, and included a map identifying how each would effect zoning. Many of the recommendations were centred around traffic reduction, with CTA looking to install additional four way stops and medians at various locations.
Under the presented ARP, Columbus Park would undergo renovations. CTA also hopes to implement a crime prevention policy, with the introduction of the for Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design (CPTED) program.
Council accepted the report as information, and will continue to review the process. The next step for CTA will be to take council's feedback and revisions, before turning their attention to some of their key considerations. Afterwards, they'll return to the city with a final report.
“Without an ARP, it is unlikely that much will change in the city centre. The existing Municipal Development Plan and land use bylaw create a regulatory framework that often makes it difficult to develop viable projects in the city centre area,” explained Dave Walker, manager of economic business and development with the city of Spruce Grove.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
If you missed it on Jimmy Kimmel Live, Kate Upton has been revealed to be the next Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue cover model. This will be Upton's third time gracing the cover and puts her on track to possibly catch Elle Macpherson's record five covers. Instead of revealing the cover via a special like last year, Kimmel was given the honor. The host had a little fun with the reveal, offering up a few joke covers before showing off the real things.
Upton will be featured on a trio of covers and won't be wearing much on any of them. Kimmel makes fun of this a bit, pointing out that Upton looks like she is wearing a wrecked hammock as opposed to a true swimsuit. Upton also says that hand placement was very important throughout the shoot.
Tributes have been paid to a long-serving county councillor who was described by her colleagues as ‘one of life's dependables.'
Brenda Jennings, 86, served for twenty years on Bucks County Council before her retirement in 2013.
The bridge on the Stoke Hammond bypass which is named after former Bucks county councillor Brenda Jennings
As recognition for her tireless work for the good of the community, Mrs Jennings has a bridge on the Stoke Hammond bypass named after her.
During her time in office, she represented two wards and served on a number of committees and scrutiny committees.
County councillor Bill Chapple OBE said: “Brenda was one of life's dependables.
“She was 100% loyal and kept all her promises.
“She was loved and respected by all and will be sadly missed.
“She's definitely earned her place in heaven.”
Mrs Jennings represented Wing when she joined the council in 1993, before serving the Great Brickhill ward from 2005 onwards.
She served on the education committee and various education panels and sub-committees throughout the 1990s.
She spent 13 years on the development control committee and chaired two overview and scrutiny committees in the 2000s - one on lifelong learning (2002-2004) and one on children's services (2005-2009).
Bucks County Council leader Martin Tett reflected on Mrs Jennings passing at the last cabinet meeting on February 6.
He said: “This is very sad news.
“She was a very devoted councillor for a long period of time.”
Cllr Lin Hazell, vice-chair with Mrs Jennings on the lifelong learning scrutiny committee said she was ‘very knowledgeable about it all'.
Meanwhile, councillor Janet Blake, who currently represents the Great Brickhill ward added: “Both Brenda and her husband Nick will be remembered for serving their communities well as county and district councillors respectively over a number of years.”
Mrs Jennings' funeral is being held at All Saints Church in Soulbury on Tuesday February 21 at 10.30am.
Those aren't droids, they're tall construction cranes above the treeline at Disneyland. The cranes were putting up structural steel as the buildings for “Star Wars” land started taking shape in the northwest section of the theme park.
Related to that, the rock work that will line the new route for the Disneyland Railroad and the Rivers of America was getting new colors, so the rocks will not just be concrete gray when that area opens up this summer.
At the south end of the Rivers of America, the masts have returned to the Sailing Ship Columbia, and the structures that are the main stage for “Fantasmic!” are now totally visible as the construction scrims have been removed.
Winter is also refurbishment season for the Disney theme parks, with both Pirates of the Caribbean and the Matterhorn Bobsleds closed for refurbishment. Pirates is scheduled to open a few days before its 50th anniversary on March 18, 2017.
Visible evidence of the progress of the conversion of the Tower of Terror into “Guardians of the Galaxy - Mission Breakout!” can be seen in Disney California Adventure, while elsewhere in that park Mickey's Funwheel, the Redwood Creek Challenge Trail and Grizzly River Rapids are all closed for refurbishment.
The building that once housed the House of Blues in Downtown Disney has been totally demolished and removed. A new building to house the Lickety Splitz Bowling Alley and Restaurant will soon take shape on that plot of land.
Nearby, the Curlsurf shop opened up a few days ago.
For more details, click through the slideshow.
Contact the writer: meades@scng.com or follow-on Twitter @markaeades
From Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority's perspective, there's no confusion about development on provincially significant wetlands.
It's prohibited — period.
But in light of concerns that a $1.5-billion development proposed for Niagara Falls could be in jeopardy, the organization's chairman Sandy Annunziata posted a statement on the NPCA website on Monday, clarifying the role the organization plays regarding the development of provincially significant wetlands.
“The Provincial Policy Statement is unequivocal in its interpretation, ‘development and site alteration shall not be permitted in significant wetlands,'” Annunziata wrote in the statement. “On behalf of our mandate to further conservation, restoration, development and management of the watershed, we will not compromise our efforts to comply with current policies and legislation.”
In an interview Tuesday, Annunziata said he felt it was necessary to post the statement after Regional Chairman Alan Caslin sent a letter to Premier Kathleen Wynne advocating on behalf of a development proposed by Chinese firm GR Investments.
The developer is planning a mixture of residential, commercial, retail and entertainment uses on about 193.6 hectares of property, west of Marineland and adjacent to Thundering Waters Golf Club.
The project could be in jeopardy because a provincially significant wetland covers about 95.5 hectares of that property.
Caslin said the intent of his Jan. 20 letter was to ask that the provincial government fix “the conflicts in their own policies — nothing more, nothing less.”
He was referring to conflicts between the province's pro-development initiatives such as the Gateway Economic Zone designation for Niagara, and legislation regarding provincially significant wetlands that can hinder development.
Annunziata said Caslin was doing his job by sending that letter.
“It's his job to advocate in his best capacity on behalf of residents,” as well as small business, developers, investors and lower-tier municipalities.
“There are a lot of voices that need his advocacy, and I don't have a problem with Alan doing what he has been entrusted to do, which is basically to echo the concerns of our lower-tier municipalities,” Annunziata said.
“But people tend to conflate a lot of these issues, and that's why I thought it was important to come out with a clear statement about what the NPCA is about, what we do and what we're going to continue to do. That is not an indictment at all of what (Caslin) has to do in his capacity, but we have to make that distinction that we're going to follow provincial policy.”
He said Caslin “rightly put the question to where it belongs” by sending the letter directly to Wynne, rather than to NPCA.
“The province crafts policy. The province is responsible for the legislation, we as an agency of the province at the NPCA, simply follow that.”
Caslin said he has recently discussed the issues with Annunziata, and he's “totally on-board with Sandy in that the wetlands do need to be protected.”
“I'm an environmentalist myself,” he said, referring to past environment-related projects he has been involved with. “This is something that's consistent with what I'm doing in Niagara, as well. I know developers do need to work with the provincial act and make sure they're compliant.”
Annunziata said his statement on the NPCA website was also an effort to address “misconceptions in the community that the NPCA board can somehow steer the process, or make it up as they go along.”
“That's not the case,” he said.
Caslin said he hopes that by the time regional council considers the developer's proposal “there are no roadblocks and that we have clear direction from the province as to what we need to do.”
“The province has to go through their process to make sure that any conflicts that do exist are eradicated, so that developers when they're coming with $1.5 billion in their hand that they comply with the processes, and in no respect would I ever promote that anybody go around the existing act or any of the processes the province has in place,” he said.
Caslin said Wynne has shown support for the development in the past, including a trip to China to promote it.
“I like her approach, and I'd love to rally behind her but in terms of their own policies I need them straight first so that I can make sure I'm supporting the project in the right manner,” he said.
ABenner@postmedia.com
A local organization is seeking unwanted laptops for donation for underprivileged children.
Kingdom Builders Ministry and Labadoo Orange County are nonprofit 501(c)(3) charities that work together to benefit school children who don't have access to computers for learning purposes.
The laptops collected will be cleaned out and replaced with new operating systems as well as school study programs in Spanish.
For more information, contact Don Glasgow at 949.481.0116 or email donglasgow45@aol.com. He also accepts messages on Facebook.
KK Sneak Leaks has posted a leak of what's supposed to be Apple's full-screen iPhone, the so-called iPhone X. I don't know if it's real, but it's a leak I can get behind. And for what it's worth, KK gave it a 99% reliability. Let's take a look.
First, the original tweet (I've got larger individual images below):
Leaked Front of iPhone X
Let's look at the leaked image of the front of iPhone X:
The artwork on the left shows where the camera would be embedded under the glass. That placement makes sense to me, and if Apple can make the optics work, it will be a sexy device.
I also like the estimation of the Touch ID sensor shown on the lock screen. That sort of visual cue is just what you need if you're going to remove the physical button-like sensor Apple used for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
Leaked Home Screen and Back of iPhone X
Next, there's an image of the Home Screen and the back of the iPhone X:
Let's ignore the lovely sketch of the late Steve Jobs on the Home Screen in this image. I mean, it's wonderful—and perfect with that icon distribution—but that's not why I like this image.
We talked about the iPhone X rendered images that surfaced last week on TMO's Daily Observations. It was similar to this one, but it lacked that Apple feel. One of the things I mentioned i that podcast is I wasn't buying a weather display at the bottom of the display.
KK Sneak Leaks' image is causing me to think differently about that, however. It's not just that it's showing Music information, it's the reality that one could change what's being shown there. That would make a lot more sense, to be sure.
Questions about iPhone X Leak
Still, we are left with some questions. The biggest one is the bezel around the device. It's less than the bezel on previous iPhones—and it doesn't have blank space at the top or bottom. But, it's not bezel-less, and that's one of the things we've heard Apple was shooting for, an edge-to-edge display.
Also, while I'm a lot more interested in the information displayed below the home row of buttons, it does still feel weird to have anything there at all. If it's legit, it's one of those things doubters like me will grow into, so time will tell.
Lastly, the vertical camera lenses on the back of the iPhone feel off to me. A horizontal layout like we had on iPhone 7 Plus makes more sense. That's a quibble, though, and if Apple does make that change, it will be for a good reason.
Body of Evidence on iPhone X
I like this leak. The timing is right and the look and feel are right. This is the usual point in Apple's product development cycle where leaks start adding up to form an accurate picture of what's coming. Last week's renderings, for instance, were supposedly based on leaked blueprints. Those renderings presented many of the same ideas in Monday's leaks, but lacked that Apple look and feel.
Together, though, they feel right, enough so that I'm confident this is more or less what Apple will be introducing next fall.
Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official says, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends his first NATO meeting in Brussels on Wednesday. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairman, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
"Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies," McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. He said Russian President Vladimir Putin was "testing" Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn. He is accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
Meanwhile, a U.S. defense official said Tuesday that a Russian intelligence-collection ship has been operating off the U.S. east coast, in international waters. The official was not authorized to discuss an intelligence matter and so spoke on condition of anonymity. The ship had made a port call in Cuba prior to moving north, where it has been monitored off the coast of Delaware, the official said.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
"The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners," State Department spokesman Mark Toner said.
John Tierney, executive director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, said strategic stability on the European continent is at stake.
"If true, Russia's deployment of an illegal ground-launched cruise missile represents a very troubling development and should be roundly condemned," Tierney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, sees little reason for the U.S. to continue adhering to the INF treaty, in light of Russia's violations. He has recommended building up U.S. nuclear forces in Europe, which currently include about 200 bombs that can be delivered by aircraft. The U.S. withdrew land-based nuclear-armed missiles from Europe as part of the INF deal.
The treaty has special significance in the recent history of arms control agreements. Signed in December 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, it has been credited with helping accelerate an end to the Cold War and lessening the danger of nuclear confrontation. It stands as the only arms treaty to eliminate an entire class of U.S. and Russian weapons — nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles of intermediate range.
The Obama administration had argued for maintaining U.S. compliance with the treaty while urging the Russians to halt violations. At the same time, the Pentagon developed options to counter Russian cruise missile moves, some of which would have involved bold military action.
At his Senate confirmation hearing in February 2014, Ash Carter, who headed the Pentagon until last month, said disregard for treaty limitations was a "two-way street," opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind. He called Russia's violations consistent with its "strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority."
A man has today been sentenced to 10 years for the manslaughter of a fellow traveller by striking and running him over with his work van.
Christopher McCarthy, 22, of Greenacres travellers site in Slapton Road, Little Billington, was convicted by a jury yesterday (Monday) of the manslaughter of 43-year-old Patrick Maloney at neighbouring Toddbury Farm travellers' site on August 2 last year.
Christopher McCarthy
During a trial at Luton Crown Court, the jury heard how McCarthy ran over the victim with his van, dragging him a distance and causing fatal injuries.
The incident followed a confrontation during the moments leading up to Mr Maloney's death, before McCarthy drove into and over Mr Maloney, killing him almost instantly.
McCarthy fled the scene, leaving Mr Maloney dying in the road surrounded by other residents and his family. The van was found abandoned six miles away in Eaton Bray.
Following the sentencing this afternoon, Detective Inspector Alan Page from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, who led the investigation, said: “This is a tragic case in which Patrick Maloney's life was needlessly and tragically cut short.
Victim: Patrick Maloney
“He leaves behind a wife and three children plus a large extended family and friends, all of whom loved him dearly. I am pleased that justice has today been served and I hope that this brings some comfort to Patrick's family.”
During the sentencing hearing, the judge recorded a not guilty verdict on an ABH charge against Christopher McCarthy's brother Thomas McCarthy, 24, also of Greenacres, who had been accused of assaulting Mr Maloney minutes earlier on the same night.
Keeping Welland's name at the forefront of federal ministries and agencies was one of the reasons Welland Mayor Frank Campion, CAO Gary Long and economic development officer Dan Degazio spent three days in the nation's capital last week.
The three men met with the office of the Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development, office of the Minister of Transportation, office of the Minister of Infrastructure and Communities, Canada Post, Export Development Canada, and Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Niagara Centre MP Vance Badawey accompanied the men one of the visits.
“It was very successful. We learned more about programs available to us and made connections with the proper staff in each of the ministers' offices. They were appreciative we took the time to go and meet with them, they'll know who they're dealing with when we call.”
Making those connections and working with all levels of government has paid off for Welland, the mayor said, adding it worked in the case of attracting GE to the Rose City.
During a meeting with Transport Canada, Campion said one of things the city has been looking at is purchasing land along the Welland Canal for industrial purposes; creating more development-ready lands and adding them to the city's inventory.
“We talked about working out an arrangement in conjunction with the St. Lawrence Seaway (Management Corp.) to create a logistics centre that includes rail and trucking. A dockage area where ships can tie up. They seemed very receptive to the concept and it fits in with federal plans of moving goods throughout Canada.”
Those talks also fit in with a meeting the three men had with Export Development Canada in relation to Niagara's Free Trade Zone.
Niagara was designated a free trade zone by the federal government last year and, said Campion, it makes the area attractive for the movement of goods back and forth across with border with reduced tariffs and duty.
“We were looking to them for more information on it. We'd like to see an office opened in Niagara to give us another tool to use. We could show people how the free trade zone could be used for industry.”
Brownfield redevelopment was on the agenda when the three men met with the Federation of Canadian Municipalities, the agency that advocates municipal needs to the federal government when it comes to federal programs and policies.
“There are several programs we can tap into, and they're going to get back to us on them.”
Campion said Welland has a lot of abandoned industrial lands, some in the heart of the city, that could be remediated through the FCM programs, or where the city could help assist in the remediation.
Canada Post was also included in the three-day trip, with three meeting with high level staff to talk about the former post office on King Street, just north of Division St.
The building is still owned by the Crown corporation and has been abandoned and boarded up for years.
“It's a prime part of our downtown core, facing the water and we talked about selling it or transferring it to the city,” he said, adding the city asked for the look of the building to be improved first, and for Canada Post to do something with it, second.
dajohnson@postmedia.com
Twitter: @DaveJTheTrib
Want to take the plunge for a very worthy cause?
Sunderland AFC's charity's the Foundation of Light has announced the new date for one of its most popular fund-raising events which gives people the change to ride a zip line from the top of the Stadium of Light.
Zip Wear is a really unique opportunity to see the Stadium and the City of Sunderland from a different point of view that you don't often get access to. Jemma Garett
The charity's ‘Zip Wear' thrill-ride was initally scheduled for July 16, but will now be held on October 8.
Brave zippers will soar 900ft from the roof of the Stadium of Light to Liebherr Sunderland Works on the opposite bank of the River Wear at a speed of 25mph.
Registration to take part in the event is just £20 and participants are required to raise at least £100 in sponsorship. Alternatively, places can be bought outright making it an ideal gift for adrenaline junkies or SAFC supporters.
Foundation of Light Events Manager Jemma Garrett, said: “Zip Wear is a really unique opportunity to see the Stadium and the City of Sunderland from a different point of view that you don't often get access to.
“When you're stood on the roof of the Stadium of Light you really appreciate both the scale of the zip slide ride across the Wear and the fantastic views you get of the city. Of course, there's also a huge adrenaline rush that comes with riding the slide too!
“I'd also like to thank both Sunderland AFC and Liebherr, whose support is making this event possible, and I look forward to seeing all the Sunderland daredevils.”
The Foundation of Light is financially independent of Sunderland AFC and relies upon fundraising to deliver its life-changing community programmes across the North East.
Participants MUST be at least 12 years old (height and weight restrictions apply) and all under 16s MUST be accompanied by a parent or guardian on the day.
No previous experience is necessary and a specialist team of instructors will ensure participants with all they need to make the zip as safe and as enjoyable as possible.
If you are up to the challenge, book online at zipwear2017.eventbrite.co.uk, call 0191 5515191 or email info@foundationoflight.co.uk for more information.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Taiwan made a donation of US$100,000 to the Vietnamese government in support of disaster relief after Typhoon Damrey slammed into the central and southern parts of the Southeast Asian country last month, reported CNA.
During the meeting in Hanoi, Vietnam on Monday (Dec.11), Taiwan's representative to Vietnam, Richard R. C. Shih (石瑞琦) gave the donation to the vice president of the Vietnam Fatherland Front (VFF) Central Committee, Bui Thi Thanh.
In the speech, Shih expressed Taiwan's concern for the victims of the typhoon and hoped the donation can help Vietnamese government deal with the aftermath. He also stressed that Taiwan highly values its cooperation with Vietnam in many fields.
On behalf of Vietnam, Bui Thi Thanh expressed her appreciation for the contributions of Taiwan's government and Vietnam-based Taiwanese businesses in support of storm relief for Vietnamese people. She believed that bilateral connections between the two countries will become tighter in the future.
Typhoon Damrey swept into Vietnam in early November ahead of the APEC summit. It is considered to be the deadliest storm in Vietnam this year as 106 people were killed, 25 missing and 197 injured during the storm, according to the Reuters.
Culture vultures calling into Preston's iconic Harris Museum can now enjoy coffee and cake at a revamped facility that is no ordinary café.
Run by the not-for-profit organisation Calico Group, it has been set up to support community-boosting services, billed as a “cafe with a social conscience.”
The Bean Good coffee shops promote health living and reducing social isolation with customers encouraged to pass on tokens to those less fortunate who can pop in for a cuppa. A spokesman for Burnley-based Calico said: “Our group provides a range of health, care and wellbeing services across the North West, aiming to make a real difference to people's lives.
“The pop up café at the Harris will be open Monday-Saturday 10am-4pm, and Sunday 11am-3.30pm. You can enjoy a fabulous range of sandwiches, homemade soup and cakes along with freshly ground coffee, milkshakes and vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free options are available.”
ROME (AP) — A European border agency is launching a new Mediterranean Sea operation with a focus on detecting terror threats.
The Frontex agency says Joint Operation Themis starts Thursday in the central Mediterranean. Its vessels will still rescue migrants from human traffickers' boats but the operation will also involve "intelligence-gathering and other steps aimed at detecting foreign fighters and other terrorist threats at the external borders" of Europe.
Themis' operational area will span the waters off Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Turkey and Albania. The security component will also help Italy fight drug smuggling across the Adriatic Sea.
Frontex executive director Fabrice Leggeri said Themis will "better reflect the changing patterns of migration, as well as cross-border crime."
There has a recent uptick in African migrants trying to reach Spain across the Mediterranean.
BEIJING (AP) — The government of an oil city near China's border with Russia says it is suspending an aluminum plant project following protests over pollution fears.
On Tuesday, more than 200 protesters faced off against dozens of police officers outside the Daqing government headquarters over the plant planned by aluminum producer Zhongwang Holdings Ltd. A resident reached by phone said that protests had been taking place since earlier this month.
The Daqing city government said in an online statement Wednesday that it had agreed with Zhongwang to suspend the project and would make a decision on whether to continue "based on a broad consensus of citizens."
Local governments in China often announce suspensions to chemical and other projects following protests, and then quietly restart them months later.
Search
Diane Abbott cites Francois Hollande's 6% rating…
“Compared to all his critics, Jeremy Corbyn is worth about 18-20 percentage points to Labour's vote. Without him, and led by any one of his vocal critics we could easily be languishing in single digits in polls.”
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a Utah Muslim leader who said he was wrongly placed on a government watch list and temporarily blocked from leaving Kenya with his family last summer.
The lengthy screening process undergone by Yussuf Abdi on flights since the trip is inconvenient but not unconstitutional, U.S. District Judge Dee Benson wrote in the decision Monday.
While the right to travel is protected by the Constitution, "the Supreme Court has not recognized a right to convenient or unimpeded travel," Benson wrote.
Lawyers for Abdi, an imam and U.S. citizen, said the screening is more than an inconvenience. They haven't decided if they'll appeal the ruling.
"As Yussuf Abdi's experience makes clear, being on a terrorist watch list can separate citizens from their families," attorney Gadeir Abbas said Tuesday.
The lawsuit helped bring Abdi home from Kenya last year, and air travel has been easier for him since the case was filed, Abbas said.
The suit was filed after Abdi went to Kenya to bring back his wife and five children, who had received visa approval to join him in the U.S.
Abdi was initially blocked from boarding the plane back to the U.S. but was eventually allowed to return two days later, after his lawyers went to court and the U.S. attorney's office in Utah intervened on his behalf.
Since then, he's taken three trips, including a religious pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia, and been subjected to long security checks that indicate he's on a government list of people identified for extra scrutiny, according to court documents.
The lawsuit alleged Abdi was added to a watch list in 2014 that let him fly but required extra security measures. He asked to be removed, arguing he had no criminal record and no reason to be on the list.
Abdi has lived in Utah for six years and is the imam of Salt Lake City's Madina Masjid Islamic Center.
RENTON, Wash. -- Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman said Wednesday he did not request a trade this offseason and that he has a "fantastic" relationship with Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson.
"It's just a conversation they have every year," Sherman said. "I guess this year, more people knew about it. It's a conversation they have every year -- everybody's open, everybody's available. They just made sure I knew, and you guys found out. Pretty open about it. It was never a situation where anybody asked for it. It was just a conversation."
Throughout the offseason, Seahawks coach Pete Carroll and general manager John Schneider said publicly on multiple occasions that Sherman was available, but they never made a deal.
At one point, Schneider said the reasoning for such a trade would be to free up salary cap space and get younger on defense.
Sherman was asked why he thought the team considered moving him.
"Because they are always open to possibilities, to hear what people have to say," Sherman said. "If somebody comes with two first-rounders, I wouldn't blame them in the least, you know? I wouldn't blame them at all. It'd be another crazy trade. Who was it that got traded like that? Herschel Walker or something like that?
"But it's just conversation. I think we have a fantastic relationship and always have. And it's always been transparent to have those communications and not have them in a rude or discourteous way, but just professionally."
A recent ESPN The Magazine article detailed division in the Seahawks locker room and a rift between Sherman and Wilson.
Sherman was asked about his relationship with the quarterback.
"It's fantastic," Sherman said. "We're teammates. It's like a family. It's like everyone else in a family. We fight for one another, just like I'm fighting for the other 52 guys out there; I'm fighting for him, and he's fighting for us. We have a great appreciation for how tough our quarterback is and what he has played through. Last year, he played through a number of injuries, and he's not doing that just because, 'Ah man, I've got to go out there and it's a job.' He's doing that for the guys next to him, and we appreciate that, and we think he is a great quarterback."
Sherman did not deny that Wilson gets treated differently by the coaching staff but downplayed the idea, saying quarterbacks get treated differently on every team.
Last season, Sherman got into shouting matches with coaches on the sideline on two different occasions. In March, Carroll said that many of the issues Sherman had last year were "self-inflicted."
Sherman was asked what he thought Carroll meant and for the first time voiced some regret for the altercations.
"He means I hold myself to a high standard, and I'm a heart-on-the-sleeve kind of player," Sherman said. "So I'm competitive as all get out. That's what he means. He means I'm competitive as anybody out there and at all times I'm competing. At all times I'm trying to win. At all times I'm trying to push the envelope and push the limits. And it has always been the case -- publicly, privately and elsewhere. So that's what he means.
"It's never changed, it's never wavered. At times it might have gotten kind of overblown, I might have gone over the top. But he understood where it was coming from, and so did my teammates. So like I said before, it's just the competitiveness -- it's just a competitive team. And that's why my teammates still ride with me. They're still ride or die. Just like any other family. You're going to have good times and bad times, but you show your true colors through the good and the bad. And they ride with me through the good and the bad, and I ride with them through the good and the bad, because we've been there. We're battle-tested."
During a game in December, Sherman openly questioned Carroll and offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell for calling a pass play from the Los Angeles Rams' 1-yard line.
Asked at the time about the incident, Sherman pointed to the Seahawks' Super Bowl XLIX loss to the New England Patriots and a similar situation that resulted in a Wilson interception at game's end.
But on Wednesday, he said that Super Bowl defeat no longer hangs over the team.
"For it to linger, most of these guys would have to be here, and the guys that are here have moved past it," Sherman said. "I mean we've had Pro Bowled, All-Pro seasons since then, and we're battling. Sometimes you run into injuries like we did last year and the year before and you get derailed. Or you run into a better opponent like we did Carolina that year, and it doesn't work out. I don't think that has anything to do with a Super Bowl hangover or anything. It's just football. A hundred percent injury rate.
"You need some luck to get there. And unfortunately we didn't have the luck we needed, and we didn't make the plays that we need to move forward. But I don't think it has anything to do with a Super Bowl hangover. I think we still have the tools and we still have everything we need. We win it this year, and I think the questions are still the same. I think it's just, 'Oh they got one. Is the window closing?' Because you always need a story."
Police are searching for a teenager from Chorley who has been missing for a week.
Joshua Stock, from Clayton-le-Woods, was last seen at around 7pm on September 30 in the Preston Road area.
He is described as white, of slim build with cropped blonde hair. He was wearing a black overcoat, hoody, grey jogging pants and red and black trainers at the time of his disappearance.
He has links to the Blackpool and Chester areas.
A Lancashire Police spokesman said: “Joshua has been missing for several days now and we are concerned for his welfare.
“If you have seen him, or know where he is, please contact police.”
Anyone with information can contact police on 101 quoting log reference 1368 of October 1.
To usher in the Chinese New Year, which begins February 16, Apple partnered with director Peter Chan to create a short film about family reunions. It's based on a true story, and it was shot on an iPhone X. It's called Three Minutes, and it asks the question: “What would you do if your family reunion only lasted three minutes?”
It tells the story of a mother who works as a train conductor on one of China's longest routes. Her whole route takes six days to complete, and she can only spend three minutes with her son and sister (who takes care of the child) at one of the train stops.
YouTube
Hello, and welcome to weekly Impact Wrestling coverage on With Spandex. And also welcome to me, LaToya Ferguson, your recapper and friend. GFW provided me with an early birthday present in the form of this week's show, and I'm just now getting over the hangover of that experience. I can't say the same about Alberto El Patron, but we're just going to pretend things are as peachy as they were back when this episode was first taped.
Now for some good housekeeping: You can follow me on Twitter With Spandex here, and Uproxx here. And don't forget to watch Impact on Pop at 8 pm on Thursdays so you can read these pieces and share them with the online world. How else will people witness my absolute mental breakdown?
Previously: Low-Ki joined the Beat Down Clan! He also joined LAX. For a lone warrior, Low-Ki sure does follow a lot… Also, EC3 won the Grand Championship and then told the entire Impact Zone exactly what he was going to do to it. The ol' lay down, move around. The ol' S-E-double hockey sticks.
Transcript for Singer Meghan Linsey explains horrific venomous spider bite on her face
You know when Peter parker was bitten by a radioactive spider he got super strength and ajill agility. But when she was bitten by a poisonous spider, things got ugly. It's the tough of nightmares, waking up tie a poisonous spider in your bed. I had a stinging sensation on my face. I looked on my right hand. I was holding a dead spider. Country star and voice runner-up Megan Lindsey found love isn't the only thing that hurts. ??? Ooh love hurts ??? when she was bitten this February by a rare brown recluse spider. It was the craziest thing, for nine days, I woke up. Full body rash. Pain mine face. Night sweats. Fever. Her face swole. Necrosis seen on Instagram. I share a lot online and with my fans. I think when you are that vulnerable you tend to grow. The eternal optimist, Lindsay found the silver lining in a scary situation. I have gotten really good at covering it with makeup. That's a positive thing. Now back on tour, Lindsay is grateful to be on the road again. I feel like this made me a stronger person. And really endeared me to more people that I could ever have
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Getty Image
The world is watching closely as North Korea ramps up its nuclear power and weapons programs in a very public manner. However, according to the Washington Post, while everyone has kept tabs on Kim Jong-un and President Donald Trump belittling each other, North Korea has been quietly improving its biological weapons program.
U.S. intelligence is currently working under the assumption that North Korea hasn't actually manufactured any biological weapons. Instead, they are surmising what the country will likely be able to do with little turnaround time:
“That the North Koreans have [biological] agents is known, by various means,” said one senior U.S. official familiar with military preparations for a biological attack. The official, like several others interviewed, spoke on the condition of anonymity regarding sensitive military assessments. “The lingering question is, why have they acquired the materials and developed the science, but not yet produced weapons?”
The story traces its roots to the 1980s, when North Korean defectors were discovered to have antibodies for smallpox and anthrax. This confirmed America and South Korea's suspicions that the North Korean military had a biological weapons program. In 2015, Kim Jong-un was photographed touring what was described as a factory for creating pesticides, but the pictured machinery “[included] industrial-scale fermenters used for growing bulk quantities of live microbes, and large dryers designed to turn billions of bacterial spores into a fine powder for easy dispersal.”
(Via Washington Post)
A Newcastle United player is facing jail over a 90-second city bar brawl which "blew up out of nowhere".
Winger Rolando Aarons was on a night out with friends and family celebrating a birthday in the VIP area at Livello, on the city's Quayside, when trouble flared in the early hours between his and another group.
Newcastle Crown Court heard "personal violence" was used, bottles were thrown during the stand off and clubber Wesley Erskine, from the rival faction, suffered a "nasty injury" to his head, which hit a table when bouncers tried to take him to safety.
Aarons, alongside five members of his party who were out that night in October 2016, were all due to stand trial on a charge of violent disorder, which carries a maximum jail term of five years.
But before a jury was sworn, five of them, including Aarons, pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of affray, which carries a maximum jail term of three years.
Aarons, 22, of Montagu Avenue, in Newcastle, who is now on loan to Italian club Hellas Verona, his mum Joan Jacob, 46, also of Montagu Avenue, his pals Jamar Collins, 22, of Walker Close, Bristol, Kallum Phillips, 23, of Kensington Park, Bristol and his cousin Garfield White, 23, of Wordsworth Road, Bristol, all admitted affray and will be sentenced in May.
Judge Edward Bindloss told Aarons, Jacob, Collins and Phillips: "The fact I am adjourning your cases and granting you bail and ordering a pre-sentence report is no indication of the likely sentence.
"All options remain open, including an immediate custodial sentence."
The court heard White is already a serving prisoner after being convicted of an unrelated, violent attack and will be sentenced on the same day as his co-accused but has been remanded in custody.
He hugged Aarons at the end of the case.
The others have been granted bail in the meantime and will be interviewed by the probation service for the preparation of a pre-sentence report.
Prosecutors dropped the case against another cousin Sabrina White, 24, of Wordsworth Road, Bristol, who the court heard acted as "peacemaker" on the night.
Judge Bindloss said there would be no "judicial criticism" of the prosecution by the acceptance of the lesser charge.
The judge said: "Rolando Aarons and his friends and family were in town celebrating a birthday in Livello in October 2016, with no indication of any trouble hitherto.
"CCTV shows the incident blew up out of nowhere and suddenly there is a melee involving numerous people."
The judge said the trouble started at just after 2.11am that morning and "lasted one-and-a-half minutes".
Judge Bindloss said the injury to Mr Erskine's head happened when door supervisors were "trying to escort him away from the trouble" and added that there was no criticism of the staff.
The court heard Mr Erskine had been at the bar with five others that night but only he provided a statement to or help the police in their investigation.
The judge said: "Some of them were clearly involved in using violence against Mr Aarons and his family and friends."
The court heard it was a member of Mr Erskine's group who "was the first to throw any item at all" and "escalated the incident".
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Dutch police say they shot and wounded a man who was standing on the balcony of a residential apartment block and reportedly was waving an ax and shouting "Allahu akbar."
In a series of tweets, Rotterdam police say the shooting happened early Wednesday afternoon in Schiedam when police tried unsuccessfully to calm the man. When an arrest team entered the apartment, the man attempted to attack them and injured a police dog.
Police say they are investigating the man's background. His identity was not released.
The confrontation came a day after a man in Belgium attacked and killed two female police officers and fatally shot a passer-by.
Transcript for Kyle MacLachlan sings a one-of-a-kind ode to coffee
Let me see what can I think about it. See. Well Peter this is in the song you're going to recognize or certainly a theme. But coffee. He is like a dream. If you drink coffee in the morning. You'll go far. At least far enough. To pee in a jar and that's my song. On popcorn for you. I hope it made. You laugh. I don't hear the crew. But yes and that's not that they could talk. I'm start value we have it after we pay a lot. No good two goals two dollars but look at. You're a cop at its cash money that's good guy who really can't run when that.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Bonsai's Inkling programming language, which makes it easier to build artificial intelligence applications, is moving closer to a 1.0 release.
Part of the Bonsai Platform for AI, Inkling is aÂ proprietary higher level language that compiles down to Google's open source TensorFlow library for machine intelligence. Inkling is designed to represent AI in terms of what a developer wants to teach the system instead of focusing on low-level mechanics. It abstracts away from dynamic AI algorithms that would otherwise require expertise in machine learning. Declarative and strongly typed, the language resembles a cross between Python and SQL from a syntactic perspective, said Bonsai CEO Mark Hammond.
[ The art of programming moves rapidly. InfoWorld helps you navigate whatâs running hot and what's going cold. | Keep up with main topics in programming with InfoWorldâs App Dev Report newsletter. ]
"Our core focus right now is on enabling enterprises and industrial companies to build control and optimization systems," which could take forms such as advanced robotics, supply chain optimization systems, or oil exploration, Hammond said. A 1.0 release of the language and the Bonsai Platform is targeted for late June. Plans call for eventually promoting development of additional implementations of Inkling. The company itself is focused on making machine learning technologies accessible to developers and engineers without a background in this area but who do have expertise in domain areas where they want to apply the technology.
Bonsai Platform currently is in an early access stage of release. Other components of it includes the Bonsai Artificial Intelligence Engine; command line and web interfaces; and simulators, generators, and data as training sources.
Brazilian oil workers have begun a 72-hour strike on the heels of a crippling nationwide truck drivers' strike that has started winding down after 10 days.
The country's two main oil workers' unions say the strike was called to demand lower fuel prices and the resignation of Pedro Parente, president of state-owned oil company Petrobras.
The strike began Wednesday in defiance of Brazil's top labor court, which declared it illegal and said the unions will have to pay a daily fine of 500,000 reals (about $135,000).
According to the Oil Worker's Federation, the strike has halted production at refineries in six states.
Petrobras said in a statement that contingency teams were operating production units where the strike prevented shift changes from taking place.
We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!
Go to form
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — The Brewers activated catcher Manny Pina from the disabled list and put him into the starting lineup for Tuesday night's series opener against the Kansas City Royals.
They cleared roster space by optioning catcher Jacob Nottingham to Triple-A Colorado Springs.
Pina, who spent his first two big league seasons with the Royals, was hitting .219 with a homer and three RBIs when he went on the DL retroactive to April 13 with a strained left calf.
In other news, shortstop Orlando Arcia got the day off because of stomach pain, though his ailing ankle was fine. Left-hander Boone Logan also threw a simulated game without any trouble from his left triceps strain, and is expected to join Double-A Biloxi on a rehab assignment.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – Johnson City Power Board officials said they are asking their customers to complete a survey to gauge community interest in regards to possibly offering internet service.
According to a news release on the power board's website, residential and commercial surveys have been set up for customers to give their opinion on possible internet, as well as triple-play services — including internet, television and phone across a single broadband connection — with JCPB.
The power board's board of directors recently secured Magellan Advisors, an international telecommunications consulting and planning firm, to evaluate offering internet and triple-play services to customers.
According to the release, the survey will be used to “examine technology and methods of providing service as well as refining cost and potential return on investment.”
To take part in the survey, visit JCPB.com and click on the link for online surveys, or call Customer Support Center at 423-952-5272 to have a hard-copy mailed to you.
According to a news release, paper forms will also be available later in the week in the power board's lobby, 2600 Boones Creek Road in Johnson City, as well as in the Johnson City, Jonesborough and Gray public libraries.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The man who shot a congressman and four other people had apparently volunteered for Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, the Vermont senator said before assailing violence as "unacceptable in our society."
"I am sickened by this despicable act," Sanders said Wednesday.
Sanders, 75, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton. Sanders, an independent, ran a passionate, anti-establishment campaign that won support from many younger, liberal voters and gave Clinton a closer race than many expected, but he eventually backed her candidacy.
The senator spoke hours after a man identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on Republican lawmakers, aides and others practicing baseball in suburban Alexandria, Virginia. Officers shot Hodgkinson, who later died.
Sanders issued a two-paragraph statement on the shooting and read it nearly verbatim on the Senate floor. He ignored a reporter's attempt to ask him questions, walking briskly out of the Capitol after a vote.
"Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms," Sanders said. "Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values."
Robert Becker, director of Sanders' Iowa campaign, said staff workers could not recall Hodgkinson. Hodgkinson was said to have been among 1,000 volunteers around Davenport, but Becker said, "Nobody has a recollection of this guy coming in."
Conservatives immediately seized on Hodgkinson's support for Sanders, with commentator Ann Coulter, a frequent voice on conservative cable news and talk radio, describing the gunman as "some nut Bernie Sanders supporter."
Other conservatives praised Sanders for not using his time on the Senate floor to call for tougher gun restrictions.
Unlike some liberals, Sanders has a complicated record on guns.
Sanders has opposed some gun restrictions, including the Brady Bill requiring background checks for individuals buying firearms. Clinton criticized Sanders on the issue as her husband, Bill Clinton, signed the bill in 1993.
The issue played well for Clinton with liberals, particularly African-American voters who ultimately tilted the nomination to her.
Sanders defended his record on gun restrictions, arguing that residents of the more rural states like Vermont view guns differently than many urban voters.
Mark Longabaugh, who worked on Sanders' presidential campaign, said the senator struck the right tone in his comments after the shooting, avoiding finger-pointing and not arguing for any legislative action.
"I think it's a sad state of affairs for people to exploit a tragedy like this for their own political ends," he said.
___
Barrow reported from Atlanta.
One sugar baby sets out to dispel the common misconceptions people have about sugar dating:
Sugar babies are not high-class call girls or prostitutes. “We're provided with an allowance to be his ‘girlfriend' and to have a sugar relationship. We know who we want to spend our time with – it's about having a connection and a quid pro quo relationship.” It's not all about the money. “Every one of us who chooses the lifestyle has our own set of terms and conditions before accepting someone to be our sugar daddy. Being able to be called a sugar daddy is a status symbol – it means you're wealthy, mature, and well-adjusted.” Sugar babies are too lazy to find proper jobs and are desperate. I have a proper full-time job, a bachelor's degree, and am I working hard to build a career for myself. Being a sugar baby helps me better my lifestyle and supplements my income. An average monthly salary is just not enough for anything other than the necessities like rent and bills – it's not enough to pay for my studies.” You don't need to be young, pretty, and slim. “I'm plus size. Everyone has their own preferences. Many may prefer the typical beauty, but some sugar daddies may look for someone in their thirties, or someone with a fuller body. They may just want someone who listens to them or a proud, confident and intelligent woman who knows how to embrace her curves.”
This story by Poon Li-Wei first appeared in the January 2018 issue of Her World
Fire Marshal commends owner on roof repairs, but says more progress needed on removing hazardous chemicals and vehicles
By Jeff Harrison
Managing Editor
The owner of the old Heritage Park Mall is making strides to repair his property. But city officials say there is plenty of work left to do.
For months, Midwest City leaders have been pressing Ahamad Bahreini, the owner of the mall, to bring the building into compliance. After seeing little progress, the city issued 11 citations to the property owner for various code violations including storing hazardous materials and about 40 vehicles in the former mall.
The mall owner delivered a progress report on the building Tuesday evening during the city council meeting. The Edmond man said he is repairing the roof and interior space and has met with a couple of possible tenants in recent weeks.
Bahreini said he is nearly finished repairing the roof in the main part of the mall. After the repairs are completed, he will have the roof replaced at the old Montgomery Ward store. He said the new roof will take about 30-45 days to complete.
Once the roof is finished, Bahreini said he will begin replacing ceiling tiles inside the building. Fire Marshall Bob Toney said the missing ceiling tiles are preventing the building's sprinkler system from properly working.
Toney said he has not seen the inside of the mall since June, but told the council he believes Bahreini is making progress on the roof.
“A lot of the citations have not been addressed including the R22 (Freon) and a lot of things stored in the A to Z and Montgomery Ward, but based on what I've heard, it (the work) seems to match up,” Toney said. “And I'm pleased to hear that you're getting a new roof for Montgomery Ward.”
Bahreini was cited by the fire marshal, code enforcement and the building inspector for violations.
The fire marshal issued citations for: not having an operable fire suppression system, failure to remove materials from the building, improper storage and safeguarding of hazardous materials. Bahreini was cited for storing materials at both the main mall building and the old Montgomery Ward store, which are considered separate properties.
The building inspector issued two citations for occupying a commercial building without a certificate of occupancy. The citations were issued for both the mall property and the former Montgomery Ward. A certificate of occupancy is required anytime there is a change in the use of a commercial building. The mall property is not zoned for storage.
Code enforcement cited the building owner for failing to repair broken glass window, wood fence, and exterior and for not painting the exterior. Bahreini fixed the maintenance issues before the court date.
Mary Ann Karns, city prosecutor, explained that Bahreini received 60 days to address a number of the issues. She said city staff has also vouched to issue additional citations if he fails to comply.
“The goal of environmental court is to bring it into compliance,” she said.
The city has also been pushing Bahreini to find new uses and tenants for mall property. The city commissioned a feasibility study for the mall property that completed in March. The study determined that mall property has potential but needs creative and careful planning to make it viable destination. Bahreini previously told the council he did not have money to redevelop the building as the study suggested. On Tuesday, he said he's received interest from two separate parties interested in leasing space on the front side of the mall.
The mall property is owned by three separate parties, which presents an added challenge for redevelopment. Sears and LifeChurch own property on the east and west ends of the mall. LifeChurch bought part of the mall for $1.5 million in 2007. Sears announced it plans to close the Midwest City store.
Bahreini owns the main portion of the mall. He bought the old Montgomery Ward building for $880,000 in 2004. He later bought the remaining mall property for $1.3 million in 2010.
Search
Jess Phillips on the absolute sexism of the “Absolute Boys” on the Left…
“They [the left-wing men] are the worst, the actual worst. Men said they supported better female representation but, when it came to losing their own jobs, they would say, ‘Oh, you mean me? But I am so clever. I've got so much to offer the world'. They are literally the worst.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions consulted Alliance Defending Freedom, a legal advocacy group that champions conservative Christian causes, ahead of issuing controversial guidance to government agencies and departments on Friday about how to interpret federal religious liberty protections.
Alliance Defending Freedom (ADF), a group whose stated mission is to “keep the doors open for the Gospel by advocating for religious liberty, the sanctity of life, and marriage and family,” hailed Sessions' announcement, while a number of leading LGBT advocacy groups condemned the move for effectively offering a religious exemption for sexual orientation discrimination.
In a call with reporters, ADF CEO Michael Farris confirmed to ABC News that Sessions met with the group during a series of so-called “listening sessions” convened by the Attorney General, who says he was “seeking suggestions regarding the areas of federal protection for religious liberty most in need of clarification or guidance.”
Farris, who took over as CEO and general counsel of ADF in January, also lauded President Donald Trump for fulfilling a campaign promise.
“I commend the president for taking another step to honor his campaign promise to make religious liberty his ‘first priority' by directing the Department of Justice to issue this guidance, which simply directs the federal government to adhere to its legal and constitutional obligation to respect existing religious freedom protections,” wrote Farris in a statement.
The Department of Justice did not respond to requests to release a list of the individuals and groups Sessions met with during his “listening sessions.”
ADF was founded in 1994 by a group of leading Christian evangelical leaders, including James Dobson of Focus on the Family, Bill Bright of Campus Crusade for Christ and Larry Burkett of Crown Financial Ministries. Since then, ADF has established itself as a leading litigation and appellate advocacy group for Christian right causes, including opposition to abortion and same-sex marriage, and social conservatives hail the group as champions of religious freedom.
ADF lawyers have argued several cases before the Supreme Court and are currently representing Colorado baker Jack Phillips, who is challenging the state's nondiscrimination protections after he was found in violation of the law for refusing to bake a wedding cake for a same-sex couple in 2012. The U.S. Supreme Court recently agreed to review the Phillips case. In a recent appearance on ABC's “The View,” Phillips defended his actions: “I don't believe that Jesus would have made a cake, if he had been the baker,” he said.
The progressive Southern Poverty Law Center added ADF in 2016 to its “designated hate group” list, which includes a number of right-wing evangelical organizations, for what SPLC calls its “anti-LGBT ideology.” The SPLC said ADF “works to develop ‘religious liberty' legislation and case law that will allow the denial of good and services to LGBT people on the basis of religion” and “has supported the recminalization of homosexuality in the U.S. and criminalization abroad.”
ADF has repeatedly disputed the Southern Poverty Law Center's “hate group” designation as “a lie” and criticized news organizations, including ABC News, who make reference to it.
The group also has powerful conservative allies willing to come to their defense. Sen. James Lankford, a Republican from Oklahoma, criticized ABC News for its coverage of the group in July, after ABC News reported that Sessions delivered a closed-door address to the group at their Summit on Religious Liberty in California, where he suggested, according to a text of the speech later published by the conservative website The Federalist, religion was “under attack.”
The SPLC, meanwhile, which has monitored hate groups throughout the United States for decades, continues to stand by its label, telling ABC News it's “rightfully earned.”
Jeff Malet Photography/Newscom
On Friday, Sessions outlined 20 broad “principles” designed to ensure that “to the greatest extent practicable and permitted by law, religious observance and practice should be accommodated in all government activity,” including a decree that “a governmental action substantially burdens an exercise of religion … if it compels an act inconsistent with that observance or practice, or substantially pressures the adherent to modify such observance or practice.”
For several leading LGBT advocates, the new guidance was an alarming effort to undermine sexual orientation discrimination protections, under the guise of affirming religious liberty, that could have far-reaching implications.
Sen. Tammy Baldwin, a Democrat from Wisconsin and the first openly gay U.S. Senator, told ABC News that today's guidance could pave the way for discrimination of vulnerable populations.
“I support religious freedom and the freedom of full equality for every American,” Baldwin said in a statement. “A license to discriminate goes against our core American values and I fear that the guidance the Justice Department issued today is not designed to help agencies comply with the law, but rather to give them greater leeway to condone discrimination against LGBTQ people, women and others.”
According to Human Rights Campaign president Chad Griffin, the new guidance makes millions of Americans vulnerable to discrimination.
“Today the Trump-Pence administration launched an all-out assault on LGBTQ people, women and other minority communities by unleashing a sweeping license to discriminate,” said Griffin in a statement. “This blatant attempt to further Donald Trump's cynical and hateful agenda will enable systematic, government-wide discrimination that will have a devastating impact on LGBTQ people and their families.”
Sarah Kate Ellis, president and CEO of GLAAD, argued that the new guidance rests on a misinterpretation of religious liberty.
“Today's guidance by Jeff Sessions proves this Administration will do anything possible to categorize LGBTQ Americans as second-class citizens who are not equal under the law,” said Ellis in a statement. “Freedom of religion is paramount to our nation's success, but does give people the right to impose their beliefs on others, to harm other, or to discriminate. Nothing could be more un-American and unholy that using religion to justify harm and discrimination to others.”
For David Dinielli, the deputy legal director for the Southern Poverty Law Center's LGBT Rights Project, the ADF's apparent relationship with Sessions is a troubling sign of the group's growing influence in the new administration.
“The fact that the ADF has confirmed it has participated in a listening session is further proof that extremists have infiltrated the highest echelons of power in this administration, even the Attorney General who is tasked with protecting the civil rights of all Americans,” Dinielli told ABC News. “I'm not certain who came up with the invitation list to these listening sessions, but I can assure you it did not include groups who provide services to those who will be directly affected by this new guidance.”
FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2015 file photo, advocates for victims of domestic abuse protest outside of state offices in downtown Chicago. The Illinois Department of Human Services waited five months to inform dozens of domestic violence shelters there was no money for them in a temporary budget lawmakers approved last summer. Officials providing services to victims of domestic violence tell The Associated Press they were unaware that about $9 million in state funding was left out of the stopgap plan that expired in December. (AP Photo/Sophia Tareen, File)
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) — Illinois officials waited more than five months to alert dozens of domestic violence programs that their funding had been eliminated, an omission that has forced layoffs and other cuts at some facilities, according to interviews and documents reviewed by The Associated Press.
No one knows — or is saying — why approximately $9 million in state funding for 62 programs that provide shelter, counseling and advocacy for victims of domestic abuse was left out of a six-month budget that took effect July 1. When providers finally learned they were left empty-handed, they scrambled to make up the lost money by slashing jobs and salaries and expanding client waiting lists.
Although there is no indication officials intended to slice funding for the domestic violence programs, the money won't easily be restored in the state's precarious economic situation. Illinois has operated without a spending plan since July 2015 because of bickering between first-term Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner and Democrats who control the Legislature.
Rauner will deliver a budget address Wednesday to the General Assembly.
Michelle Meyer, executive director of Kane County-based Mutual Ground, a 24-hour shelter and counseling center, laid off four people in November after months of not receiving checks — or answers — from the state. They include a case manager and a sexual assault counselor. That's not counting the six who have left in the last year Mutual Ground can't afford to replace.
"We have no more case managers, who help clients get benefits, housing, child care, accompany them to court," Meyer said. "There's nobody to pick up that work. Everybody that we can't help is put on a waiting list."
It wasn't until Dec. 16 — just two weeks before the temporary budget expired — that Human Services Secretary James Dimas sent a letter to all providers alerting them that the money had been left out.
The program was fully funded in 2015-2016, at $18.6 million, money that was tapped out by late summer. In his letter, Dimas acknowledged "some confusion" about funding in the latest spending plan and promised that it would be fully paid when available.
Dimas offered no explanation for the delayed announcement, and spokeswoman Meghan Powers declined to answer AP questions about the late notice.
Experienced state vendors know they sign state contracts that make payment dependent on legislative approval. But domestic violence program providers say they submitted budgets to DHS for review and, in some cases, had to amend them before getting DHS contract approval last spring. Without notice that there wasn't money forthcoming, "They've already spent that money and they're struggling," said Vickie Smith, executive director of the Illinois Coalition Against Domestic Violence.
Of the 62 domestic violence sites that receive state funding, 39 also receive federal money because they provide 24-hour shelters, Smith said. That amounts to about two months' worth of operations.
Some agencies are zealously fundraising, although Gretchen Vapnar, executive director of Community Crisis Center in Elgin, lamented, "Most of our donors have already paid their taxes."
At the Center for Domestic Peace in Chicago, which provides counseling to offenders, program manager Mike Feinerman said the agency's highest-paid employees agreed to take a 5 to 10 percent cut in salary after receiving the DHS news.
Rep. Greg Harris of Chicago, a Democratic budget negotiator, saw his House-approved January plan to provide emergency funding of $6.6 million die in the Senate. The state lacks a "consistent message" to vendors and their financial support, he said.
"They had contracts to do the work and were instructed to proceed and had the rug pulled out from under them," Harris said.
Smith said she wasn't aware on June 30 when the temporary budget was approved, hours before it was to take effect, that the 800-page document had no domestic violence support.
"I don't care how it came down," she said. "We need to fix it."
___
Contact Political Writer John O'Connor at https://twitter.com/apoconnor. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/john-oconnor.
The Regavim movement for protecting Israel's resources responded to the Justice Ministry's Inter-Ministerial Committee Report on Polygamy, released yesterday: "It is clear that the report publicized by the Ministry of Justice is the culmination of months of serious and intensive effort. The fact that this important issue has been brought to the fore and placed squarely on the public agenda is an important step in the right direction, and we commend the team that conducted the study and the chairperson of the committee.
"Regavim has been studying and monitoring the problem of polygamy for many years, and, as the introduction to the new report mentions, we met with the Director General of the Ministry of Justice, Attorney Emi Palmor, who headed the Inter-Ministerial Committee on Polygamy, for in-depth discussions and consultations.
"The report devotes several comprehensive and lengthy chapters to indirect methods of contending with the scourge of polygamy, including significant expenditures for education, social welfare, and employment initiatives in the Bedouin sector – despite the fact that the government's Five Year Plan for the Bedouin Sector devoted billions of shekels to these same areas. In contrast, the report has far less to say about confronting polygamy directly, through law enforcement and prosecution of polygamists.
"Adopting the study's recommendations in their present form, without making the adjustments necessary to create balance between the positive and the punitive treatment of polygamy, will turn the Inter-Ministerial Committee's mandate on its head: Rather than curtailing the practice of polygamy and its devastating effects, the State of Israel will find itself investing billions in effectively shoring up and entrenching the practice of polygamy and the illegal Bedouin settlements where polygamy is most widespread."
Regavim calls upon Minister of Justice Ayelet Shaked to examine the foreseeable – and avoidable – outcomes of the Inter-Ministerial Committee's recommendations, including, among other things, the massive expenditures they call for. Indirect treatment of polygamy, in the form of educational and welfare initiatives mandated by the report, must be drastically limited, while law enforcement and prosecution of polygamists must be drastically and immediately increased."
A scheme which provides funds to pay for energy, alongside emergency food, has already helped 1,241 people in Durham this winter.
The npower Fuel Bank aims to remove the stark choice between heating or eating by giving foodbank users with pre-payment meters vouchers for gas or electricity - whether or not they are npower customers.
This enables households that have run out of energy to get the power back on within a few hours and keep the lights and heating on for around two weeks.
Since the Fuel Bank scheme launched locally in Durham in April 2015, over 18,500 people have been helped, including almost 7,000 children.
And now the provider has announced that 1,241 people have been helped since the launch of the winter fuel voucher on Wednesday, November 1.
The scheme is a partnership between npower, the Durham Christian Partnership, and The Trussell Trust, and now runs in 14 areas and 65 foodbank centres.
To date it has helped nearly 78,000 people across the UK, providing more than £1.5 million worth of emergency gas or electricity.
It is hoped that with the recent launch of the npower Foundation, an independent charity, Fuel Bank will be able to help even more people in fuel crisis.
Lynn Burrows, a client at one of Durham's Foodbanks, explained how she ended up there and how the fuel voucher helped her and her family.
“Last February, I was diagnosed with cancer and very quickly taken in to surgery," she said.
"It didn't leave much time to organise time off work, benefits, care for my kids, and all the rest.
"By the time I got out of hospital, the benefits still hadn't come through and we only had child support to rely on.
"It was an awful few weeks.
"The food parcels and fuel vouchers were a saving grace.
"They kept us afloat and sane until the money started coming through and my energy levels picked up post-surgery.”
Commenting on the figures so far this winter, Matthew Cole, npower's head of Social Energy and Trustee of the npower Foundation, said: “As winter starts to bite it is clear that the npower Fuel Bank is offering a much-needed lifeline, providing warmth and hot water, as well as electricity and gas to make a cup of tea or to warm up some soup.
"Through our new npower Foundation – the npower Fuel Bank charity – we hope to raise more funds so that fewer people have to make the choice between heating or eating.”
Stuart Hudson, manager of the Durham Foodbank, added: "The foodbank and Fuel Bank complement each other to support people in a crisis situation.
"This has never been more important as we are experiencing an increase of referrals by 40% year on year in those areas where full rollout of Universal Credit has occurred.”
Fuel vouchers are £30 in the summer months and £49 from November 1 to March 31.
The Economist reports of a new working paper by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) that assesses the automatability of each task within a given job, based on a survey of skills in 2015. "Overall, the study finds that 14% of jobs across 32 countries are highly vulnerable, defined as having at least a 70% chance of automation," reports Economist. "A further 32% were slightly less imperiled, with a probability between 50% and 70%. At current employment rates, that puts 210 million jobs at risk across the 32 countries in the study ." From the report:
By Andrew Kahn
College basketball fans were treated to some great non-conference matchups to start the season: Duke-Kansas, Carolina-Kentucky, Louisville-Kentucky, to name three. Now it's time for league play. Here are 10 of the best games, listed chronologically, to watch this season.
Note: All stats and records reflect games played through Tuesday, Dec. 27.
Villanova at Butler, Jan. 4
The Wildcats are currently No. 1 in the country and haven't lost since March 12, in the Big East championship. They visit Hinkle on the heels of a trip to Creighton, and neither game will be easy. Butler has already beaten Arizona and Indiana on neutral courts. Nova's Josh Hart, a senior, and Butler junior Kelan Martin are having monster seasons.
Kansas at West Virginia, Jan. 24
Kansas has won 12 straight Big 12 regular season championships, but has lost three straight in Morgantown. “Press Virginia” is in full effect this season: The Mountaineers are forcing turnovers on a ridiculous 35 percent of opponents' possessions, easily the best rate in the country. The Jayhawks have one of the best backcourts in the country in senior Frank Mason III and junior Devonte' Graham.
Kentucky at Florida, Feb. 4
It's Kentucky and everyone else in the SEC, but Florida probably has the best shot among league teams at beating the Wildcats this season (keep in mind South Carolina doesn't get UK at home). The Gators have not passed their bigger tests so far this season but they have balanced scoring—five players average between 9 and 14 points—and have kept opponents from running. If they can force Kentucky into a half-court game, they'll have a chance.
Indiana at Wisconsin, Feb. 5
The Badgers, Boilermakers, and Hoosiers have separated themselves atop the Big Ten in the nonconference (and are currently 14 through 16 in the polls). Indiana and Wisconsin played a one-point game and overtime game in two meetings last year. As is the case for all the games on this list, expect the home crowd to be rocking.
Louisville at Virginia, Feb. 6
The 15-team ACC is chock-full of exciting matchups, and this one certainly qualifies. Neither game between the Cards and Cavs figures to be high scoring—they are ranked 1 and 2 in KenPom's adjusted defensive efficiency—but there's plenty of talent on the court.
North Carolina at Duke, Feb. 9
Hard to imagine this matchup ever not being on a list like this. The game at Cameron gets the edge because of the atmosphere, though the treatment Grayson Allen receives on the road, assuming his suspension is lifted, is worth watching.
Oregon at UCLA, Feb. 9
Oregon's two losses are not bad (at Baylor; Georgetown in Maui) and Dillon Brooks missed the Baylor game and came off the bench for just 13 minutes against Georgetown, his first game back after having offseason foot surgery. If you've forgotten about the Ducks, you'll be reminded of them by the time they play the Bruins for the second time.
Gonzaga at Saint Mary's, Feb. 11
Saint Mary's swept the regular season series last year but lost in the West Coast Conference tournament finals and didn't make the NCAA Tournament. The Gaels can score with anyone, and the Zags have the talent to break through to the Final Four for the first time in program history.
Kansas at Baylor, Feb. 18
Baylor climbed to fourth in the country on the strength of several impressive nonconference wins. The Bears, like West Virginia, could pose a threat to Kansas' Big 12 title streak. Kansas has won eight straight in this matchup, including three head-to-head victories in each of the past two seasons.
Indiana at Purdue, Feb. 28
These two teams play in Bloomington on Feb. 9, but your viewing schedule is already booked that night. This in-state rivalry should not be overlooked, and a meeting this late in the season could have Big Ten title implications.
Andrew Kahn is a regular contributor to CBS Local. He writes about college basketball and other sports at andrewjkahn.com and covers the Michigan basketball team for UMHoops.com. Email him at andrewjkahn@gmail.com and follow him on Twitter at @AndrewKahn
TBS
By now, we shouldn't really be surprised at anything that pops up on Conan O'Brien‘s show. And yet, we definitely didn't expect two Lucha Underground luchadores to pop up on Tuesday night's episode to do their best attempts at the redheaded giant's signature dance.
Conan introduced a bizarre video on the episode, saying that a Mexican talk show host named Jesus Guzman had taken it upon itself to round up a gaggle of Mexican celebrities, personalities, and people on the street to welcome Conan to Mexico. And what's a roundup of celebrities without some danged old lucha libre in there? Sure enough, AAA sent Aero Star and Argenis as their representatives, and the result is nipple-touching gold, albeit bizarre nipple-touching gold.
What's that? You'd like a GIF of Aero Star and Argenis rubbing their nipples? Say no more!
TBS
Now we just have to wait for this to be worked into Lucha Underground canon. Maybe Aero Star's time-traveling abilities only work when he rubs his nipples just so. I mean, it wouldn't make any less sense than the Flux Capacitor.
Conan Without Borders: Made In Mexico will debut on March 1 on TBS. We can't promise that anyone else from AAA will show up, but if they do, we'll bring you all the nipple-rubbing developments.
A call for tougher sentences for those attacking emergency service workers has been made, as latest figures reveal 38 Sunderland cops were assaulted in the past 12 months.
Broken bones, bites, bruising, puncture wounds, sprains and scratches have been listed as some of the injuries suffered by officers whilst on duty protecting the public.
It's quite simply wrong for anyone to accept or feel assaulting a police officer is simply part of their role. Jim Gray
The figures have been released by Northumbria Police following Freedom of Information request by the Sunderland Echo.
In total, 68 officers across Sunderland and Sunderland were injured in the line of duty between April 1, 2016 and March 14, 2017. Of these, 11 needed hospital treatment while 15 were given first aid at the scene of the attack.
Meanwhile, figures released by the Police Federation nationally, based on its welfare survey data, found there were potentially more than two million (2,113,602) unarmed physical assaults on officers over a 12 month period, and a further 302,842 assaults using a deadly weapon during the same period.
Last month, we revealed how attacks on firefighters in Tyne and Wear had doubled - with 50 firefighters assaulted as they carried out potentially lifesaving work.
The Police Federation has called for tougher sentences on those who carry out attacks on emergency service workers as part of its Protect the Protectors campaign.
Jim Gray, chairman of Northumbria Police Federation, which represents rank and file police officers, said: “As police officers, we often deal with very challenging, dangerous and unpredictable people and incidents. However, it's quite simply wrong for anyone to accept or feel assaulting a police officer is simply part of their role.
“It is not acceptable to assault anyone, including police officers which is why the Police Federation launched it's Protect the Protectors campaign in February.
“We are campaigning to change legislation, to introduce tougher sentences for anyone who assaults police officers and all emergency workers. We also want better training and equipment and better welfare support.
“Physical and verbal assaults on police officers are common place but we need to change the culture which seems to see that as in some way acceptable or part of the role. We do need tougher sentences, if the law recognised it was an aggravating factor to assault a police officer or emergency worker and the sentence reflected that, it could make someone think twice about assaulting a police officer who is simply trying to do their job, uphold the Law and protect the public.
“Should Taser be more available? - In the view of the Police Federation, the availability of taser for police officers should be increased.
“I know Chief Constables are cautious of what that may look like and the financial costs but officers safety must remain paramount.
“I have seen no negative change in how officers with tasers interact with members of the public and vice versa. It is quite simply a tool to protect officers and the public when the need emerges.
“As a society we need to do more to protect those who run to danger in order to protect others”
Superintendent Sarah Pitt, of Northumbria Police, said: “The very nature of policing means police officers can find themselves in challenging and often dangerous situations but they should not have to put up with being assaulted.
“Any assault against a police officer is one too many. Our officers are there to protect the public and we take a tough stance on anyone targeting them.”
Right to declare jihad rests with State, not a mohalla or mosque: Ahsan Iqbal
Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal said that in an Islamic country only the State had the right to declare jihad, not a mohalla or a mosque, and nobody could issue fatwas calling for killing others.
“We need to curb these trends as they are a threat to our internal security,” the minister said in the National Assembly, media reported.
“The enemy wants Muslims to behead each other. If we continue treading this path of violence and unrest, we wouldn't even need an [external] enemy to destroy us,” he added.
Iqbal said social networking websites were being used to issue fatwas calling for killing others over blasphemy.
He added that the people issuing such edicts on the internet could not claim ownership of faith. “They will be dealt with sternly under the cyber crime law,” he maintained.
Speaking on the terrorist attack on a shrine in Jhal Masgi a day earlier, the minister said he had sought a report on the incident.
He added that he wanted to send a message to those sponsoring terrorism in Pakistan that such attacks would not help them achieve their nefarious designs.
“We need to unite to defeat terrorism. If we remain at each other's throats, then we will achieve nothing but self-destruction.”
Britain's information commissioner says she is using all her legal powers to investigate the handling of personal data by Cambridge Analytica and Facebook.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham is pursuing a warrant to search Cambridge Analytica's servers. The company allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
She told BBC on Tuesday she is also investigating Facebook and has asked Facebook not to pursue its own audit of Cambridge Analytica's data use. She says Facebook has agreed.
Denham said the prime allegation against Cambridge Analytica is that it acquired personal data in an unauthorized way.
Chris Wylie, who once worked for Cambridge Analytica, was quoted as saying the company used the data to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Eibar are waiting on Newcastle United's next move in their pursuit of Florian Lejeune.
The Magpies are ready to exploit Lejeune's £8.7million release clause.
Lejeune – who left Manchester City last summer – has been earmarked as a potential defensive recruit, with boss Rafa Benitez keen to strengthen his defence ahead of Newcastle's return to the Premier League.
Paris-born Lejeune – who had a spell at Villarreal earlier in his career – signed a four-year deal at Eibar last summer after leaving City and impressed last season, when his team finished 10th in La Liga.
Eibar sporting director Fran Garagarza told Marca: “I'm not very optimistic. I see it difficult for Lejeune to stay.
“We are worried that Newcastle are taking very strong steps.”
Newcastle could force through a deal in the coming days, with Benitez keen to see a number of new faces arrive before his squad reports back for the start of pre-season training on July 3.
Meanwhile, the Premier League fixtures were unveiled yesterday, with Championship champions Newcastle handed a home opener against star-studded Tottenham, scheduled for Saturday, August 12, although it could well be chosen for live TV coverage.
Spurs were the last side the Magpies played in their last top-flight campaign, winning 5-1 at St James's Park on the final day of 2015-16.
Benitez said: “It's a great start at home to Tottenham, and a really exciting first game at St James's Park for our fans to enjoy.
“We will all have extra motivation for that game.
“But it will be a very tough start too, because Spurs showed how good they are last season.
“Of course, they were our last Premier League opponents here too, which was a memorable match for everyone. But this time around it will be completely different.
“After Spurs, then we have a good run of games, and I'm pleased to see it's quite a balanced list in terms of the teams we're up against.”
The Magpies have announced a third pre-season friendly, against Hearts at Tynecastle on Friday, July 14 (7.45pm).
They have already set up trips to Preston (July 22) and Bradford City (July 26).
Hearts are managed by former Newcastle coach Ian Cathro, who left St James's Park last season to take charge at the Scottish Premiership club, while ex-Magpie defender Aaron Hughes is in their squad.
Only three stands at Tynecastle will be open because of ongoing redevelopment.
Newcastle have met Hearts 27 times going back to 1897, but the most recent meeting was back in August, 1995, when a Peter Beardsley goal secured a 1-0 win for the Tynesiders in front of a 13,337 crowd.
Other visits in recent memory include a 1-0 defeat, to a goal from Ian Baird, in 1992, a 1-0 victory in 1987 when Paul Gascoigne scored and a 1-1 draw in 1980, when Bobby Shinton's Magpie opener was cancelled out by a goal from Chris Robertson, brother of future Newcastle forward John Robertson.
The clubs also met over two legs in the Texaco Cup in September, 1971. An Andy Lynch strike gave Hearts victory in the first leg in Edinburgh, but Newcastle won the return 2-1 thanks to a double from Malcolm Macdonald, with defender Alan Anderson's goal late in extra time setting up a shoot-out decider.
Newcastle edged through 4-3.
In August, the United States will see its first total solar eclipse since 1972. The catch is that it won't be visible everywhere in the country. While some people plan to travel to idyllic viewing spots in the central part of the country, others will be able to see it right where they are. What can you expect to be able to see, if anything?
A simulator for the eclipse created by Google and the University of California Berkeley can show you the exact timeline and amount of eclipse you'll be able to see wherever you are come Aug. 21.
Read: Total Solar Eclipse August 2017: What It Is, How And Where To See It
The simulator is simple. Just put in your town or city and state in the United States and the simulator will show you a timeline of the day's events and a mock-up of the movements of the sun and moon. The eclipse is mapped to bisect the country so unless you're directly on the path its unlikely you'll see much of the event.
What is a total solar eclipse?
An eclipse happens when any object moves into the shadow of another, NASA says. For example the Earth can eclipse the moon or the moon can eclipse the sun. A total solar eclipse means the moon has traveled directly between the Earth and the sun, and blocks the light from the sun from directly traveling to Earth. A total solar eclipse occurs when the moon blocks all of the sun's light and the Earth, moon and sun are in a straight line. A partial solar eclipse occurs when they are not perfectly aligned. And an annular eclipse means the moon is at its farthest point from Earth and it seems smaller and does not block the sun entirely.
To see a solar eclipse you'll need to stand directly in the umbra, or the dark center of the moon's shadow, this gets smaller as it reaches Earth. If you're in the penumbra, the second shadow of the moon that gets larger as it gets closer to Earth, you'll only see a partial eclipse. But remember to never look directly at the sun or the eclipse, it can damage your eyesight.
2017 total eclipse More
Photo: NASA
Read: NASA Rocket Launch From Wallops Facility To Release Colorful Clouds Delayed For 7th Time
To use the eclipse simulator, go to its website and either put your city or town and state into the search, or select the map to the right of it and find your location. Selecting the magnifying glass icon to the right of the map will change the view to show you either only the sun or the sun and some surroundings on Earth once you start the simulator.
Once you have your location and perspective selected, hit the play button along the bottom to see the track the sun will take and how much of the moon will be covered throughout the day. If you'd like to speed up the simulation, select the 1000x next to the time stamp, and change it to 4000x, you can always change it back. You can also click and drag the circle that tracks time on the slider or jump ahead or back by 20 seconds by selecting the “20” icon in the clock on the left. This should give you a good idea of when you'll be most in the shade of the eclipse.
Related Articles
Educated Rich Liberal Snowflake: Remember Trumptards you couldn't vote for Hillary because she lies, can't be trusted and is unfit. Trump of course always tells the truth, was going to build a wall, repeal and replace Obamacare, and surround himself with "all the best people", draining the swamp. LOL how's all that winning working out for you?
Some things to know about mass shootings:
HOW IS 'MASS SHOOTING' DEFINED?
There is no concrete definition of "mass shooting." Most researchers who study mass shootings define it as four or more killed (excluding the shooter) in a public place. They do not count domestic violence cases that take place in the home nor do they include gang-related violence. That is also the definition used by the Congressional Research Service.
However, tucked into a law enacted by Congress in 2013 in the immediate aftermath of the Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, to provide federal law enforcement assistance for active shooter situations was a description of mass killings as three or more killed.
Some other entities include cases in which four or more people are killed or injured.
ARE MASS SHOOTINGS HAPPENING MORE OFTEN?
Researchers say the number of mass shootings has remained fairly steady over the past three decades with occasional fluctuations. "Some years are worse than others and bad years tend to be followed by not so bad years," said James Alan Fox, a professor at Northeastern University in Boston who has been studying mass shootings since the early 1980s.
However, he and other researchers say it does appear that mass shootings have been deadlier in recent years. Since Sandy Hook, Americans have experienced five of the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history — two of those happening this year alone.
WHAT TYPE OF GUNS ARE USED IN MASS SHOOTINGS?
Researchers say the majority of mass shootings are carried out with handguns.
However, of the 10 deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history, half of them had a cache of firearms that included AR-style "assault weapons," one of them included an Uzi submachine gun, and the rest used standard rifles and/or handguns.
WHAT WEAPON WAS USED IN THE SANDY HOOK SHOOTING?
Adam Lanza, the gunman who killed 20 children and six adults at the school in Newtown, used a Bushmaster XM15. That firearm, made by Remington Arms, is an AR-style of firearm that was designed in a way to avoid being among the firearms prohibited by the decade-long "assault weapons" ban.
Relatives of the Sandy Hook victims allege in a lawsuit that the maker of the Bushmaster was negligent by marketing military-style weapons to young people who may be unstable and intent on inflicting mass casualties. The lawsuit against Remington Arms was dismissed because of broad immunity granted to the gun industry, but the Connecticut Supreme Court is weighing whether to reinstate it.
BAGUIO CITY—The lead government lawyer, Solicitor General Jose Calida has allowed convict Jaybee Sebastian, the most influential inmate at the New Bilibid Prison (NBP) to return to the Maximum Security Compound at the New Bilibid Prison in exchange for his testimony against Senator Leila De Lima, the camp of the detained senator revealed.
“The Solicitor General himself gave a new meaning to his title when he himself solicited testimony from Jaybee Sebastian implicating petitioner [De Lima] in the drug trade, in exchange for the latter's transfer back to the Maximum Security Compound of the New Bilibid Prison,” De Lima, through her lawyers led by former Solicitor General Florin Hilbay said in a memorandum submitted to the Supreme Court.
Sebastian, a convicted car thief admitted during a Congressional inquiry last year that he rallied the inmates to raise campaign funds for De Lima's senatorial bid.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Sebastian: De Lima was my protector in Bilibid drug trade
He said he ordered inmates to sell 5 to 30 kilos of shabu per month and the proceeds will be given to De Lima.
He is the head of the Presidio side in Bilibid composed of around 5,000 inmates mostly from Luzon and Chinese nationals.
He was stabbed during a riot last Sept. 28, 2016 inside Building 14 that houses high profile inmates, mostly drug lords.
READ: NBP riot: Drug lord killed; 4 wounded
Sebastian requested that he be transferred back to Maximum Security Compound for fear of his life at Building 14 but Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre said Sebastian only preferred the Maximum because he still had pending collections from previous transactions.
Hilbay said a testimony against the Senator is the quid pro quo for Sebastian's request.
READ: Jaybee Sebastian a gov't asset? Stupid, says Aguirre
ADVERTISEMENT
Other inmates who testified against the Senator are detained at the Intelligence Service for the Armed Forces of the Philippines (ISAFP). But earlier reports say that the inmates at ISAFP managed to acquire mobile phones.
“The grant of prison privileges is the candy that is offered to these convicted criminals, in exchange for their fabricated testimonies against Petitioner [De Lima],” read the memorandum. IDL
When Richard Nester retired from The Shopping Channel in December, he had two things on his ‘to do' list when he returned home to Niagara: Work part-time in a winery, and do live theatre.
Both jobs were offered to him on the same day.
“I got a job at Colaneri Estate Winery and got this play, The Dining Room, on the very same day,” he says. “Be careful what you wish for!”
Nester is now a wine tasting associate at Colaneri Estate. And starting April 21, he'll play no less than six different characters in A.R. Gurney's classic play, being staged by Something-Something Productions at Corks' Playhouse Theatre in Niagara-on-the-Lake.
Directed by Stacie Primeau, the play is a bittersweet look at America's middle class told through 18 different scenes connected by the same dining room furniture set. It puts a heavy work load on its cast, requiring seven actors (sometimes just 6) to play more than 50 different characters.
Nester, who spent 22 years with The Shopping Channel, is feeling something he hasn't felt in awhile: Nerves.
“On the Shopping Channel, I had no problem talking to a camera,” he says. “You're not realizing you're in thousands of households from coast to coast. There might be 60 people in the (theatre) audience and you're just like ‘Eeeeeee!'
“And this is a small theatre. I keep telling my family and friends, ‘Don't tell me when you're coming. Just let me be surprised.' But once the first night is over with, then you can start having fun.”
Born in Niagara Falls, Nester moved to Toronto 36 years ago to pursue an acting career. He found himself behind the scenes at TVO before stepping in front of the camera on The Shopping Channel. Over the years he crossed paths with Joan Rivers, George Foreman, Suzanne Somers and Richard Simmons while on air.
“I met so many fabulous people,” he says. “It was a great paying job, and I was very well respected. Yes, I worked a lot of weekends - we were only closed one day, Christmas Day. I missed a lot of events, but look what happened. I got to retire early.”
But there was more to his retirement than found in the press release.
“I had a twin brother, and we were very, very close. He was born (in Niagara), and then he moved to Toronto eight years after me. He suddenly passed away while he was on vacation in Rome. It'll be two years in September.
“That was the light bulb that went off and said ‘That's not going to happen to me.'”
Now living in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Nester has plans for more theatre.
“I call it off-Shaw way,” he says. “We're just down the street from the Shaw!”
The Dining Room also stars Elizabeth Unruh, Christopher Haynes, Natalie Iggulden, Xander Warrender, Margarete Overend and Milo Boccinfuso.
jlaw@postmedia.com
The “Roseanne” reboot could have been unifying TV. It was something rare in today's US entertainment: a depiction of an extended working class family, including supporters of President Trump. Real-life families split by politics might have laughed together and looked at their own situation – for thirty minutes a week, at least.
Now it's another possible symbol of division. The real-life Roseanne Barr is different than “Roseanne,” the character. Her outrageous tweets led to the show's sudden cancellation. Some Trump supporters may see in this Hollywood bias toward the president in particular and conservative ideas overall.
The affair might be a useful example, though, in one sense – how formal institutions under political pressure from social media can handle their situation.
Recommended: Two mothers, a son's death, and the struggle for forgiveness
The willingness of ABC to nix “Roseanne” within hours of Ms. Barr's tweets “sets a precedent” in the view of L.S. Kim, an associate professor of television studies at the University of California, Santa Cruz.
“I think in the current context of outlandish, outrageous, and impulsive statements released out into the Twitterverse, there has been a tentativeness about how formal institutions ought to respond,” Professor Kim wrote in an email. “[T]his powerful media company is setting a new example: there are consequences to abhorrent behavior, or at least, there can be.”
“Abhorrent” was what ABC entertainment president Channing Dungey called Barr's actions in the brief statement announcing the show's cancellation. The move came only hours after Barr unleashed a series of tweets that falsely claimed Chelsea Clinton was related by marriage to billionaire George Soros, and went downhill from there.
Barr included anti-Semitic references. In a blatantly racist tweet, she described Valerie Jarrett, an adviser to former President Barack Obama and an African-American, as an offspring of the Muslim Brotherhood and “The Planet of the Apes.”
ABC's swift dumping of Barr follows other high-profile divorces between networks and celebrities. FX cut ties with comedian Louis C.K. and Netflix did likewise with Kevin Spacey, formerly the star of “House of Cards,” after allegations of sexual misconduct and sexual assault surfaced.
“This decision on ‘Roseanne' seemed to be a no-brainer,” says Robert Thompson, director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture, based at Syracuse University. “She reached down the barrel for one of the most evil stereotypes there is. When the executives at ABC read that tweet, they must have known this ends only one way.”
David Schmid, an associate professor of English at the University of Buffalo and a pop culture expert, called ABC's axing of the show “a good decision” that reflected the network's desire to contain the damage of potential viewer and advertiser boycotts.
“This is all about the money. ABC realized that despite the success of ‘Roseanne,' they were going to lose a lot of money,” he says.
Professor Schmid adds that Walt Disney Company executives — who named Ms. Dungey ABC's entertainment president two years ago, making her the first African-American to lead a major broadcast network — quickly understood the cultural implications of Barr's tweet.
“We're talking about the company behind ‘Black Panther,' ” he says, referring to the first superhero film with a black lead character, which earned more than $1.3 billion in worldwide box office since its release in February. “How's it going to look if they defend something like what she wrote?”
FAN REACTION
Fans of the show expressed surprise and sorrow at its sudden cancellation.
Dale Atkinson, who lives in Grand Rapids, Mich., says he was “shocked but kind of not shocked” by Barr's tweetstorm, given her penchant for provocative statements and pushing cultural boundaries. He agreed with ABC's decision while lamenting the demise of a show that depicted a world he recognized as his own.
“It dealt with everyday people, everyday situations,” says Mr. Atkinson, a retired factory worker. “I could relate to it, and a lot of people I know could relate to it. There aren't a lot of shows like that on TV.”
Edward Van Dreal, another fan of the show, describes himself as a Trump supporter who switched political parties in 2012.
If you're like literally every other phone owner on the planet, you probably need to delete some things off your phone for space. But what are you going to do with all those pictures of the kids, your going out selfies, and pictures of your pets? Don't just delete them - decor with them! Kristina Guerrero is showing you how to turn your pics into works of art with 3 different online apps that do all the hard stuff for you.
1. Keepsake
Everyone loves the look of beautifully framed pictures up on a wall. But no one likes running to get pictures printed at Costco and then still go frame shopping. Luckily, there's the Keepsake app.
It lets you upload photos straight from your phone, then choose what kind of frame you want the photo in and what you want the frame to look like. Once you make your choices, Keepsake sends your preprinted, pre-framed photos, right to your door - you get great looking decor pieces, without any of the gas mileage!
2. Mixtiles
If you love the look of photos on canvases but don't want to pay outrageous prices for a few prints, try Mixtiles. The company makes photo board prints out of your phone's pictures and even gives you the no-damage adhesives you need to put them up. Mixtiles also won't damage your wallet - get a set of 3 prints for $49 and any additional tile is just $9.
3. Chatbooks
There is something nostalgic about having a photo album, but making them can be more frustrating than fun. Now, you can reap all the photobook benefits, without all the work, with Chatbooks. The app lets you upload photos from your phone, pick the style of book you'd like, add captions; it even automatically formats the pictures to fit your book. No math required!
Put together your own Chatbook for just $8 per book - or get a subscription and create a whole volume of potentially child-embarrassing memories.
Do you like to print out your photos or do you prefer to keep them on your phone? Tell us on our Facebook page, @TheListShowTV.
MARAWI, Philippines – Government agents are questioning an alleged member of the Maute Islamist group arrested in Cagayan de Oro Thursday morning.
Brig. Gen. Gilbert Gapay, military spokesman for martial law implementation in Mindanao, said Mohammad Noaim Maute was “undergoing investigation.”
READ: Maute ‘bomber' falls in Cagayan de Oro |
ADVERTISEMENT
Maute, who is described as a bomber of the group fighting government forces in Marawi City, was nabbed in the village of Macasindag at 5:30 a.m.
How he managed to escape the supposed tight military cordon around Marawi, where the military is carrying out punishing air strikes, remains unexplained.
“Subject is a suspected bomber of the Maute terrorist group,” Gapay said. “The subject person is currently undergoing investigation.”
Two older Maute brothers, the Islamic firebrands Omarkhayam and Abdullah, are believed still fighting government forces in a small section of Marawi. They are believed leading a group of Southeast Asian fighters including Malaysian, Singapores and Indonesians.
They were supposedly backing Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hapilon, the acknowledged emir of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) in the region. CBB/rga
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help, the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860.
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426, ckalagayan@inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352, bkasilag@inquirer.com.ph.
For donation from overseas:
Inquirer Foundation Corp account:
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860
Swift Code: BNORPHMM
Thousands of Iraqi Kurdish mourners, along with Iraqi officials and world dignitaries attended on Friday the funeral of Jalal Talabani, the country's first president in a post-Saddam Hussein Iraq and once a symbol on national unity.
Talabani was laid to rest in Sulaimaniyah, the second-largest city in Iraq's Kurdish region, after his casket — draped in the Kurdish flag — was flown back from Berlin where he died at a hospital earlier this week.
From the airport in Suleimaniyah, a motorcade carried the casket to a nearby hill for burial. Crowds poured into the streets, following the funeral procession on foot, carrying flags and posters bearing Talabani's image and the emblem of the political party he founded more than three decades ago, the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan.
Many threw flowers on top of the coffin.
While Talabani traces his roots to a small village in Iraq's north, Sulaimaniyah is the seat of his political power.
A long-time champion of Kurdish self-rule, Talabani, also established himself as a national statesman after accepting the largely symbolic office of the presidency two years after the 2003 U.S. invasion toppled Saddam.
He held the post from 2005 to 2014, but faded from Iraqi political life after suffering a debilitating stroke in 2012.
During his time as president, Talabani was seen as a symbol of unity, a politician able to manage tensions between Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds that in Iraq often erupt into violence.
Talabani's death in Germany on Tuesday came as Iraq struggles to manage the fallout of a controversial referendum on Kurdish independence spearheaded by his long-time Iraqi Kurdish political rival, Masoud Barzani.
While Barzani was present at the funeral and laid a wreath of white flowers at Talabani's casket, Iraq's Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi was not in attendance.
Interior Minister Qassim al-Araji came to Sulaimaniyah to pay his respects in al-Abadi's place.
Also in attendance were Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif; Iraq's current president and fellow Kurd, Fuad Masum; U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Douglas A. Silliman, and Jan Kubis, the top U.N. envoy in Iraq.
Baghdad, along with neighboring Turkey and Iran, has rejected the Kurdish referendum and is demanding Kurdish leadership do the same. While the vote in non-binding and will not immediately create an independent state, many saw it as a symbolic affirmation of the Iraqi Kurdish dreams for a state of their own.
Iraq's central government has banned international flights from servicing the Kurdish region's airports and Turkey and Iran, fearful of their own restive Kurdish minorities, have threatened further punitive measures.
Turkish President Recep Tayyib Erdoğan threatened a total blockade and has not ruled out the possibility of military invasion.
As Talabani's coffin arrived at Sulaimaniyah airport, Iraqi state TV hailed the late president as a national leader who would not have approved of the referendum, called by Barzani.
However, Talabani had not made any official statement on the vote and his political party was split on the subject.
Iraq's Kurds have been politically divided for decades. Shortly after securing an autonomous zone in the 1990s with the backing of a U.S.-enforced no-fly zone, Barzani and Talabani's rival factions — mainly their Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and the Kurdistan Democratic Party — were drawn into a bitter civil war that killed thousands of civilians and fighters on both sides.
Deep distrust remains to this day, but across the political spectrum, the dream of an independent state is a central rallying point. Both the referendum vote and Talabani's death whipped up nationalist sentiment throughout the Kurdish region.
"Since the beginning of the Kurdish liberation movement until now, it was Mam Jalal who brought us to this point," said Karim Mohammed, a Sulaimaniyah resident among the crowds gathered to pay their respects, "he always looked after us."
"Mam Jalal" is Talabani's Kurdish nickname that translates to Uncle Jalal.
The United Nations described Talabani as "a leading voice of moderation, dialogue, mutual understanding and respect in Iraq's contemporary politics" and a "patriot of unique wisdom and foresight."
Talabani's son and the Kurdish region's deputy prime minister, Qubad Talabani, spoke at the funeral ceremony, saying that his family received condolences from across the Kurdish region.
"He was an uncle to all of you. He belonged to all of Kurdistan," Qubad said in remarks broadcast on local Kurdish television.
"Spread Mam's message that we will always be united," he added.
———
Associated Press writer Adnan Ahmed Qader in Sulaimaniyah, Iraq, and Susannah George in Baghdad contributed to this report.
These countries do not make it to the front pages of the international media because they are African, Central African and are a source of gloom and doom stories, disasters, disease and drought. Just occasionally, if there are enough pictures of malnourished children, some westerner will pose on camera and jump on the bandwagon.
Behind the scenes, fortunately, aid workers and volunteers are contributing funds, food, water, aid packages, medicines and are risking their lives to bring much needed supplies to those in need. Top of the list of neglected cases is the Central African Republic, in a shortlist including Sudan, South Sudan, Somalia, Nigeria, DR Congo... drawn up by the Norwegian Refugee Council.
Last year, a paltry 38 per cent of funding required by the Central African Republic was received by the United Nations Organization, a clear sign that the world has turned its back on this poverty-stricken African nation and that humanitarian needs are ignored if a country is not at the center of some geo-political hub of resources. This year only 20 per cent of funding asked for, has been received.
Imagine 150 million Americans, or 30 million British and French, 40 million Germans living in poverty, unable to put enough food on the table to eat. That is the situation of the Central African Republic, where half the population suffers from food insecurity and 65 per cent does not have access to safe water. Over one fifth of the population is displaced.
The Central African Republic Bush War 2004-2007 ended in a peace and reconciliation agreement between the Government of President François Bozizé and rebel forces but the problems smouldered on, erupting into almost continued and widespread violence. Séléka (a coalition of five Moslem groups) and the anti-Balaka (Christian militias) fought a bloody war until peace talks took place and thereafter, the former leaders of the several factions engaged in fighting for territory and riches. Today, chaos is installed with different factions fighting against each other in different areas of the country, leading to the humanitarian catastrophe looming before us.
The international community is disinterested.
Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey
Pravda.Ru
Twitter: @TimothyBHinchey
timothy.hinchey@gmail.com
*Timothy Bancroft-Hinchey has worked as a correspondent, journalist, deputy editor, editor, chief editor, director, project manager, executive director, partner and owner of printed and online daily, weekly, monthly and yearly publications, TV stations and media groups printed, aired and distributed in Angola, Brazil, Cape Verde, East Timor, Guinea-Bissau, Portugal, Mozambique and São Tomé and Principe Isles; the Russian Foreign Ministry publication Dialog and the Cuban Foreign Ministry Official Publications. He has spent the last two decades in humanitarian projects, connecting communities, working to document and catalog disappearing languages, cultures, traditions, working to network with the LGBT communities helping to set up shelters for abused or frightened victims and as Media Partner with UN Women, working to foster the UN Women project to fight against gender violence and to strive for an end to sexism, racism and homophobia. A Vegan, he is also a Media Partner of Humane Society International, fighting for animal rights. He is Director and Chief Editor of the Portuguese version of Pravda.Ru.
Photo By Idriss Fall - VOA, http://www.lavoixdelamerique.com/media/photogallery/ka-crise-en-centrafrique-en-images-decembre-22-2013/1816610.html?z=2879&zp=1, Public Domain, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=36852264
