After a lifetime's search for the finest cuisine, John Honeywell believes he has found it – on the pocket-sized luxury cruise yacht Crystal Esprit.
There are many good reasons for choosing to cruise on Crystal's luxury yacht Esprit, not least of which is the chance to feel like a billionaire – and perhaps rub shoulders with the real thing – on a vessel that carries just 62 passengers.
Personal attention and pampering are second nature to the crew, an astonishing 90 in number, who are on friendly first-name terms with every guest within moments of embarkation.
Thanks to her compact size – just five decks, 3,264 gross tons and 269 feet in length – Esprit can enter the smallest and remotest of ports. And she is equipped with an enviable selection of water toys: kayaks, paddleboards, Jet Skis and even a three-man submarine.
When I stepped up the gangway at the Eden Bleu resort in Victoria, capital of the Seychelles, Esprit was dwarfed by a neighbouring privately owned megayacht, the Lady Lara. Such vessels are the preserve of the very few – in this case a tycoon from Kazakhstan, for whom the £150 million purchase price, and millions more in running costs, are mere small change. But Esprit is a quite different financial proposition. A fare of £3,000 or more for a week may place her at the higher end of the cruise market, but it is by no means unfeasible for those of us who are still waiting to win more than one EuroMillions lottery rollover, or who have not yet established our own mining company covering vast tracts of eastern Europe.
I had been fortunate enough to sail with Esprit before, but it was not just the service and the luxury that drew me back, nor even the chance to spend a wedding anniversary in the paradise that is the Seychelles.
There was another reason – the food. I can confidently state that Esprit's kitchen provides some of the best restaurant meals I have experienced anywhere – on land or sea.
This remarkable feat is achieved with a brigade of just 13 chefs, plus a further five kitchen utilities. Together, they produce plates that don't just taste sublime, they also look like works of art.
Not one of those dishes reaches a guest without being supervised by Executive Chef Adam Jenkins. And because Esprit has an open kitchen, diners can see him in action as they await their food.
For a couple of nights on my recent cruise I was able to watch from a table in prime position, looking straight into the galley. There were moments of tension as the restaurant filled and the waiters passed on their orders, but there were no Gordon Ramsay-style histrionics as Adam called out the orders to the team behind him.
Together with his Sicilian sous-chef, Michele, they added finishing touches to the hors d'oeuvres, and plated up the main courses. There might be a delicate touch of garnish here, sometimes applied with tweezers. Or there would be a judicious spooning of sauce – on one occasion with a reminder to the kitchen that it was getting a bit thick and needed some attention.
Never had I enjoyed my food so much as now, when I was able to see the amount of care lavished upon it.
All this from a 31-year-old chef whose first experience of a professional kitchen – after training at the Birmingham College of Food – came at the city's Botanical Gardens, where he cut his culinary teeth helping to prepare banquets for two or three hundred guests.
Adam was one of four students selected to train at the Ritz Hotel in London, under executive chef John Williams. After two-and-a-half years he moved to the Sloane Club, a private members-only dining room, where he progressed from demi-chef to chef de partie, in charge of his own section. By the age of 21 he had been promoted to sous chef – second in command.
Adam's first experience at sea was with Disney Cruise Line. “I took a massive pay cut to join them and worked on Dream and Fantasy – the two newest ships – and then in their prestigious Remy restaurant.”
Remy menus are created by Chef Arnaud Lallement of l'Assiette Champenoise, a Michelin 3-star restaurant near Reims, France. The cover charge is $95 a head – $200 with wine. On Esprit, the meals and the wine (with the exception of optional premium bottles) are all included in the cost of the cruise.
Adam spent more than two years with Disney before returning to the UK to work at the Burlington Restaurant in the Devonshire Arms at Bolton Abbey, Yorkshire, with Adam Smith, a fellow Brummie and another graduate from The Ritz.
“I wasn't looking to come back to a ship but I was approached by a cruise line that was interested in hiring me – they wouldn't say who they were.
I eventually found out it was Crystal and I joined as a senior sous chef in 2014.
“As Crystal expanded, Esprit came up and they offered me the job of executive chef. There are just 60 guests, and I have a big say in the menus – that's what was so appealing. Crystal make you feel part of the team. I have budgets to stick to, but I can change and evolve the menu. I'm not tied to instructions sent from head office.
“In a restaurant like this you have to have standards like Dover sole on the menu – good fish, simply cooked – because some customers expect to see it. And you have to give the customers what they want, even if it's steak and chips every night.
“But I can develop dishes depending on where we are and what fresh food is in season. Here in the Seychelles they grow a lot of watercress – I didn't know that, but I saw it in the markets. I asked what they did with it and I was told they blend it into a sauce and serve it over rice.
I developed that into a soup, added a rice cake, quail's egg, and smoked asparagus and we have a dish with great textures, creaminess and flavours.
“It would be easy to become complacent, but that's not me. We had a seafood cocktail on the menu, but I decided we should have something with a wow factor so we developed our scallop and king crab starter ”
Red cabbage soup came in for the same innovative treatment. “I decided it needed something different, so I told my commis chef to come up with a new plating, a new presentation. He created something and I put it on the menu straight away without changing a thing. He owns that dish now, and he is proud of what he has created.”
Like any good leader, Adam gives credit to his team. But he is the real genius in the kitchen. If only Michelin awarded stars to restaurants on cruise ships, he'd be top of the list.
BOOK IT
Posted on June 14, 2013 | 10:00 a.m.
Source: Dennett Family
Margaret Dennett of Orcutt, passed away on June 10, 2013. She was 89. Services are set for 1 p.m. Thursday, June 20, 2013, at the Santa Barbara Cemetery chapel, 901 Channel Drive, immediately followed by a graveside service. Arrangements are by McDermott Crockett & Associates Mortuary.
Welcome to the Birmingham Mail daily news live blog, bringing you all the latest news, sport, travel and weather from around Birmingham and the West Midlands every day.
Stay tuned for all the latest updates below:
If you've spotted anything in your area, you can get in touch with us by email at newsdesk@birminghammail.co.uk or call 0121 234 5430. You can also reach us on our Facebook page or via Twitter @birminghammail .
LAFAYETTE, Colo. — A physical education teacher at a middle school in Lafayette, Colorado was placed on paid administrative leave Thursday pending the outcome of an investigation, Boulder Valley School District officials confirmed.
Lafayette Police say the investigation into Karen Smith stems from an allegation she assaulted a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Police responded to Angevine Middle School around noon Thursday. Detectives are currently conducting interviews to determine what happened and if criminal charges are warranted.
District officials declined to confirm details surrounding the alleged incident. However, in a letter sent to parents, administrators write that they are cooperating with police.
School officials say Smith, a 20-year veteran of the Boulder Valley School District, will be replaced with a substitute teacher for the time being.
The school also asks that “everyone respects Ms. Smith's privacy,” and stress they are “dedicated, as always, to supporting our students and ensuring that we have qualified educators working with them during their physical education time.”
Story by Ashley Traylor, Staff writer
Traffic over the Lake Barkley Bridge in Canton, Kentucky will be closed at 9 a.m. Tuesday, Feb. 14. It will be closed for up to 48 hours because the arch will be placed on the new bridge.
Traffic on the water will close at 7 a.m. and will be closed for 72 hours.
The detour around Interstate 24 will add 40 miles for a trip between Murray and Cadiz, Kentucky.
Keith Todd, public information officer for the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet, said the arch has been constructed on barges near the Canton end of construction area. He said constructing it on barges creates a safer work space and moves the bridge-building process along faster.
“Because, say instead of working 60 feet above the water, they were working maybe 15 feet above the water, and it made a lot more sense for them to assemble it and lift into place and set it on top of the piers,” Todd said.
He said it takes about 10-14 hours to place the arch onto the bridge. The same process was used for placing the arch on Eggner's Ferry Bridge.
Todd said the weather must be favorable and the winds below 15 mph for construction to begin on Tuesday. If the weather on the target date is favorable, he said he will send out an announcement informing the public, but if it is not then construction may be pushed back to Wednesday or Thursday.
Todd said if the weather conditions are not desirable, the construction may be pushed back to Wednesday or Thursday.
The public can watch the arch placement, but they must stay at least 2,000 feet away from the work area.
The new bridge will replace the Henry R. Lawrence Memorial Bridge at Canton, which is 85 years old, according to the press release from the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet.
Erika Brunson, graduate student from Gilbertsville, Kentucky, said she is happy the bridge is coming along, but closing the bridge is going to reroute many people traveling to work.
“It's going to be inconvenient and frustrating for anyone traveling in that direction during the week,” Brunson said. “But, any time they choose to place the arch will be inconvenient, but it does mean the bridge is one step closer to being completed.”
Todd said the Lake Barkley Bridge will have four lanes of travel and is expected to have all lanes of traffic running in early 2019, but two lanes of traffic should be moving in early 2018.
For more information, contact Shelby Sim at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.967.2500 x5.
The cost is $10 for members or $15 for nonmembers. Click here to register.
The Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce's June Business After-Hours event will be held from 5 to 7 p.m. this Wednesday at Sandpiper Golf Club, 7925 Hollister Ave. in Goleta.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
St. Louis Cardinals starter Alex Reyes throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Milwaukee Brewers Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Milwaukee. Morry Gash AP Photo
Las Vegas police said a man was shot to death in the east valley on Sunday night.
Officers responded about 8:33 p.m. to 4823 Boulder Highway, a Siegel Suites north of Flamingo Road. Lt. David Gordon said a man was shot and transported to a nearby hospital where he later died.
Circumstances or motive for the shooting were not yet known, Gordon said.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
(CNN) — Golfer Tiger Woods had pain, anxiety and sleep medications, as well as THC, in his system when he was arrested on Memorial Day on suspicion of driving under the influence, according to a toxicology report released Monday by the Palm Beach County (Florida) Sheriff's Office.
A urine test revealed hydrocodone and hydromorphone, two opioid pain medications; alprazolam, prescribed for anxiety and panic disorders; zolpidem, a sedative prescribed for insomnia; and metabolites of alprazolam and of THC, the active ingredient in marijuana. Metabolites are what remains in the body after a person uses a drug.
“Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realize now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance,” Woods said in a statement Monday. “I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me.”
The US National Library of Medicine warns against mixing alprazolam with either hydrocodone or hydromorphone, suggesting that the combination might lead to dizziness, lightheadedness, extreme sleepiness, slowed or difficult breathing, or unresponsiveness. In particular, hydrocodone plus alprazolam may increase the risk of “breathing problems, sedation, coma, or other serious, life-threatening side effects.”
Police records indicate that Woods, 41, was found asleep on the side of a road in his 2015 Mercedes-Benz. The engine was running and the brake lights on, with the right turn signal flashing. The front and rear tires on the driver's side had gone flat, with both tire rims showing minor damage.
Police found no crash or property damage.
When he was awakened, Woods' speech was slurred. Dahscam video released by the police show him walking unsteadily when asked to get out of his car; shortly thereafter, he is unsure of what is happening to him. A Breathalyzer registered 0.000 for alcohol.
The police report noted that Woods was cooperative.
Woods said at the time of his arrest that alcohol was not involved and that he had “an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications.”
In June, the golfer stated on Twitter that he was receiving “professional help” to manage his medications for back pain and a sleep disorder. In July, he said he had completed an out-of-state private intensive program.
Last week, Woods entered a DUI first-offender program, according to a representative for the state attorney in Palm Beach County.
The program typically calls for a defendant to plead guilty to a lesser charge of reckless driving, but no plea was entered on behalf of Woods. His arraignment is set for October 25.
Woods has won 14 major tournaments, second only to Jack Nicklaus. The golfer hasn't played competitively since he withdrew from the Dubai Desert Classic in February due to back spasms.
He underwent fusion surgery on his back this year, his fourth operation since 2014. Woods wrote that “it was instant nerve relief” in a post on his website May 24.
Woods said Monday, “Regarding my back, I recently spoke to my surgeon and he's very pleased with how my fusion is healing. I'm right on schedule. I'm now doing some light lifting, riding a stationary bike and putting a little.”
Despite his injuries and pain, he has expressed a desire to continue to play golf professionally.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A herd of beautiful deer have been turning heads in a quiet neighbourhood in Walsall .
The group, of around a dozen, were spotted on Pelsall Common on Tuesday morning, much to the delight of local residents and motorists alike on their commute to work.
And passers-by have been uploading photos and video footage of the deer who are all keeping close to each other.
The location in Walsall is between busy roads and junctions and the group could have travelled south from the local nature reserve known as Pelsall North Common.
(Image: Kim Hinsley)
Chasewater Country Park and Cannock Chase are not too far, either.
Uploading photos, astonished Estelle Oldbury said: “My mum has just sent me these pics. Just wow! Seeing all these deer on her way to work this morning at 6.45am. She pulled over to look at them.”
While Michelle Costello simply put: “BEAUTIFUL… We are so lucky.”
Local resident Maureen Payton was among those remaining cautious about the group's unexpected arrival, saying: “I think we need to seriously consider having signs around the village making drivers aware that these beautiful creatures may be crossing our roads.”
(Image: Estelle Oldbury)
And Tina Townsend said: “People will have to drive slower then people should be able to see them.”
Meanwhile, Shue Humphries posted a video saying: “Not your everyday morning” before alerting RSPCA officers amid fearing for the group's safety between busy roads.
In a statement released to Birmingham Live, an RSPCA spokesman said: " We would advise people keep their distance from the deer and try to leave them alone as much as possible.
"The RSPCA would not seek to relocate healthy deer as they are very susceptible to stress so catching and moving them could result in the animals dying from what is known as 'capture myopathy'.
"People should be particularly careful between early May and late June as newborn deer are especially vulnerable during this time.
"In terms of road-traffic-collisions, as this particular area is residential, driving speeds shouldn't be high so there should be minimal risk."
The RSPCA always advise the following:
Taking note of deer warning signs.
Staying alert for deer, even in areas with no warning signs, and particularly in heavily wooded areas where you may not see them coming.
Keeping your speed down. The ”It's forty for a reason‟ signs can often be seen in areas like the New Forest and Ashdown Forest where deer populations are higher.
Taking extra care during the high-risk periods of early morning and early evening.
Taking extra care throughout May and from mid October to December. It is during these periods that the national peaks in deer related traffic collisions occur.
Being aware that further deer may cross after the one/s you notice.
Using headlights on high beam if there is no oncoming traffic. This will make deer easier to see by illuminating the eyes of any on the road BUT then dip the beams otherwise they may "freeze".
Trying to come to a stop as far in front of the deer as you can. This will mean the deer, as well as any others with it can leave the roadside without panic or distress.
Always report any deer-vehicle collisions to the police and try to remember to record the incident at http://www.deeraware.com/. If the deer is injured, call the RSPCA Emergency line on 0300 1234 999.
For further advice, please visit the RSPCA's Living With Wildlife web pages
See hundreds of deals on leisure and days out eBay, Groupon and Travelzoo
…Backs restructuring
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA-Speaker, Federal House of Representatives, Honourable Yakubu Dogara has charged the federal government to take away the task of creating electoral constituencies from the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and vest same on the National Boundary Adjustment Commission.
Dogara who gave the advice Monday in Abuja at the third annual political summit organised by the Save Democracy Africa, also called for the restructuring of the Nigerian State to enable the country realize her true potentials. According to Dogara, the slow pace of political and economic development in Nigeria is largely due to the inverse relationship in the powers vested in the federal government in relation to the federating states, adding that until more powers are devolved to the states, democracy would not avail the nation and her people its vast mileage.
“INEC should not be delineating constituencies as we believe that the job can be done better by the National Boundary Adjustment Commission. This will go a long way in ensuring that things are done the right way because the boundary adjustment commission can do a better job in this matter than the electoral empire,” said Honourable Edward Pwajok who represented Dogara at the summit.
He also described restructuring as an idea which time has come, stressing that it is wrong to regard advocates of restructuring as enemies of the Progressives Congress (APC)-led administration of President Muhammadu Buhari.
“Restructuring is long overdue and should not be seen as an opposition to the government of the day. As a matter of fact, power sharing between the federal and states governments should be revisited,” Dogara stated, adding that as a result of the defects in the Nigerian federalism, the country lags behind many nations of the world, even those less endowed with human and material resources.
Guest speaker at the summit and former President of Tanzania, Dr. Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete who spoke on the theme, “Reforming the Nigerian Federation-which way forward?” called on the nation's political actors to reflect on the nation's democratic journey and chat a new course.
According to him, reforms are necessary part of any nation's attempt at deepening constitutional democracy, noting that Nigeria must not be afraid of taking the lead in the search for sustainable models of sustainable democracy and service delivery for the people of Africa.
“Undertaking reforms is a necessary step in the life of any nation. It is time for Nigeria to reflect and chart a new front as there is no specific blueprint for reforms. Nigeria must take the lead as the big brother in Africa,” he stated.
Earlier in his opening remarks, chairman, governing council of Save Democracy Africa, Senator Jonathan Zwingina chided existing political parties in the country for failing the ideological test in the continent saying, “It is sad to observe that the party system in some African countries, including Nigeria, does not portray clear ideological distinctions. Indeed, you could remove the names of the major political parties in Nigeria and swap their constitutions and there would be no substantial differences.
“Somehow, our major political parties have Conventions, Boards of Trustees, National Executive Committees, National Working Committees, States congresses, Local government congresses and ward congresses. The only difference is the dates they hold such congresses and meetings. The word ‘ideology' is even missing in their constitutions and manifestoes,” he noted.
Jerseyville's planned new Mid-American International Gateway Business Park is destined to become nothing less than the focal point of trade between Mexico and much of Mid-America, developers promise.
Located at the northern-most terminus of the only major north-south rail line linking Mexico and the Midwest, the 1,400-acre complex will become a major freight transfer and distribution center for a service area extending roughly 500 miles around the site, according to the Kansas City Southern Railroad, the rail line operator and one of two major partners in the privately-funded development project.
With development costs for rail, trucking, warehousing and distribution complex placed at around $500 million, the business park has potential to become one of the largest development projects ever undertaken in the Midwest, according to planners from Atlanta-based Stonemont Financial Group, the private equity firm funding the complex.
Considering the numerous businesses that are expected to be attracted to the site over the coming years, total private investment in the distribution center could ultimately run closers to $1 billion, Stonemont's William “Zach” Markwell told the roughly 1,000 Jerseyville-are residents who turned out March 1 for the official announcement of the project.
When completed, the new multimodal freight center is expected to employ about 1,000 workers in permanent positions, according to Jerseyville Mayor William “Billy” Russell. In the meantime, the development of the business park will create numerous jobs in construction and related fields, he said.
No start date for construction or opening date for the business park were announced.
Spokespersons for Stonemont and the railroad say it will probably take until the end of this year to finalize the engineering and architectural design for the business park and complete financial “due diligence” processes.
Other than Kansas City Southern, no business park tenants were announced.
Nevertheless, Markwell and other spokespersons assured that the Jerseyville business park will become reality.
Among the design issues still to be addressed: how the new business park will blend in with the area's present roadways, railroad track and other existing infrastructure.
No definitive plans were outlined, during last week's public announcement, for to widen and relocation of U.S. Highway 67; which will be required to handle substantially increased truck traffic in the area and make the business park viable, according to both Kansas City Southern and Stonemont.
However, Mayor Russell told reporters that Illinois 13th District U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis (R-Taylorville) has assured him that the U.S. Department of Transportation will now move funding for a proposed Jerseyville Bypass on Hwy 67 further up on its priority list.
The business park is to be located on a tact of presently unincorporated Jersey County bounded by Crystal Lake Road on the north and the Kansas City Southern rail lines on the west. Eventually, the development could extend as far east as Range Line Road; more than a mile from the Kansas City Southern tracks.
Plans call for development to begin at the north end of the tract and proceed outward as warranted.
Though presently south of the Jerseyville city limits, plans call for annexation of the site into the municipality, to secure municipal police and fire protection.
The tract is within federally designated Foreign Trade Zone No. 31, which also covers Americas Central Port in Granite City, the Gateway Commerce Center near Edwardsville and MidAmerica St. Louis Airport, adjacent to Scott Air Force Base near Belleville.
The Kansas City Southern tracks extend south from Jerseyville and Springfield to Mexico City and a couple of coastal points beyond; with links to major ports or commercials centers like Houston, Dallas and New Orleans along with way.
The trade zone status will make the Jerseyville business campus an advantageous location at which to process, store or assemble goods from those points of origin, developers say.
U.S. Customs Bureau offices will be established in the complex to inspect outgoing materials and collect applicable duties, developers add.
Kansas City Southern is one of only six railroads defined by the U.S. Surface Transportation Board as a major, or Class 1, rail line capable of transporting large volumes of goods across vast expanses of North America. (To qualify under the board's most recent definition, a railroad had to carry $433 million in freight annually.)
The tract also lies within the recently approved Jersey-Greene Intermodal Enterprise Zone, which covers Greene, Jersey and a section of northern Madison County including Godfrey.
While the proposed development of the new Jerseyville business park was the primary factor in approval of the new enterprise zone by the State of Illinois, the zone was plotted to encourage opportunities for business development along the Kansas City Southern line in nearby communities.
Locally, a tax increment financing district is to be created for the Mid-American International Gateway Business Park — the fourth in the area.
However, Jerseyville is reportedly providing no other subsidies or incentives for the development.
— Jerseyville can be Midwest's primary trade hub with Mexico —-
States may have to take the lead as the federal government lags on cybersecurity, a governor said
IDG
How should the U.S. respond to cyberattacks? That's been a major question at this year's RSA security conference, following Russia's suspected attempt to influence last year's election.
Clearly, the government should be doing more on cybersecurity, said U.S. lawmakers and officials at the show, but they admit that politics and policy conflicts have hampered the government's approach.
“I wish the federal government could do this, but it's very hard, unfortunately, due to partisan politics,” said Virginia State Governor Terry McAuliffe, during a speech at the show. “They haven't been able to take the lead on this issue as they should have.”
Instead, it might be up to the states to assume a larger role in promoting cybersecurity, given that divisive U.S. politics at the federal level have been stalling government action, McAuliffe said on Tuesday.
Michael Kan The RSA conference 2017.
Collectively, state governments store more data than the federal government, including residents' tax returns, healthcare records and drivers' licenses, he said. That can make them targets of hackers, so McAuliffe has been urging other states to make cybersecurity a priority.
“It's up to the governors of this country to lean in and take the lead,” he said.
At the RSA show, U.S. Representative Michael McCaul also spoke and said the U.S. is falling behind on cybersecurity, pointing to the numerous hacks from state-sponsored hackers. “We are in the fight of our digital lives and we are not winning,” he said.
McCaul, who also chairs the House committee on Homeland Security, said Russia's suspected involvement in influencing last year's election was a “wake-up call.” But he was disappointed with the responses from the administration of President Barack Obama and Donald Trump, then a presidential candidate, to the Kremlin's alleged meddling.
“If there are no consequences for bad behavior, the bad behavior will continue,” he said. “Unfortunately, we still do not have a clear proportionate response, policies for striking back.”
However, actually coming up with a U.S. doctrine on stopping serious cyberattacks is easier said than done.
“One of the big questions out there is what is an act of war in cyberspace?” said Daniel Lerner, a staff member at the U.S. Senate committee on Armed Services, who also spoke at the show.
Currently, the U.S. treats every serious cyberattack on a case-by-case basis, which does little to dissuade the state-sponsored hackers from attacking in the first place, he said.
“That's no way to project deterrence. And it really undermines our overall security posture, if every instance is a crisis,” Lerner said.
It doesn't help that trying to accurately prove a foreign country was behind a cyberattack can be incredibly hard and might involve sensitive intelligence.
For instance, U.S. intelligence agencies have declined to share publicly classified evidence showing why they suspect Russia was behind last year's election-related hacks. In addition, the Kremlin has denied any involvement.
Nevertheless, more officials in the U.S. government want to see the country take action in the event of another cyberattack, said Brendan Shields, staff director at the House committee of Homeland Security.
“The fuse is getting shorter and shorter,” he said at a panel discussion at RSA. “I think there is a growing desire for making sure deterrence is real.”
Michael Kan Virginia state governor Terry McAuliffe (left) speaking at the RSA conference.
However, going after state-sponsored hackers is only one aspect of the problem. Much more of it has to do with defense, and protecting users from hacking threats that are coming over consumer-made products or websites.
It's an area where the private sector also needs to play a crucial role, given that IT vendors have most of the cybersecurity talent, said the Virginia governor.
“We need your ideas. We need the private sector,” McAuliffe said. “We at the state government cannot drive this. The federal government cannot drive this.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
President Bob Knight hosted an enrollment open dialogue in PUB 161 from 4-5 p.m. last Wednesday.
Knight said, Clark is currently experiencing an “enrollment crisis.”
Although the overall enrollment drop has begun to stabilize, it is still not rising.
This drop in enrollment will affect Clark's state allocation and tuition revenue, according to an email Knight sent to students in March.
Although enrollment grows within the Running Start program, Clark receives less in funds from Running Start students than non-Running Start students.
According to Knight, the revenue from the growth in Running Start enrollment will not compensate for overall low enrollment.
“For every dollar spent on education, there is a return to this economy,” Knight said. “If they cut education, it is going to affect other areas of the community.”
The Executive Cabinet is meeting April 25 to further discuss budget plans. According to Knight, the college will have a clearer understanding of potential cuts within the next six weeks.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— His last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of his presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on his legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with just two-and-a-half weeks left. His final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect his endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
"I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here," Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a "family reunion" for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and his aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped his team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on his annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted himself forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put him in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define his presidency before his loses the bully pulpit and cedes his legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how his two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what he accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely his last meeting with his party's lawmakers as president.
His administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood his policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start "offloading," turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to "a really nice prison." But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are "trapped" in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for her 2014 film First Kiss, where she invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” she said of her U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
Dallas Stars center Cody Eakin (20) looks at his teammate during the first period against Buffalo Sabres at American Airlines Center in Dallas, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017. (Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News)
That will be another one of the interesting things to watch in the next couple of months.
Because that's how the math looks right now, I think they might try to trade Cody Eakin before June 17. Ken Hitchcock looks like he wants to play Tyler Seguin, Jason Spezza and Radek Faksa at center, and that would mean Eakin would slide to a wing, where he's not as effective. I think he can be a good second or third center in the NHL, so he has trade value.
Heika : They will protect seven forwards and three defensemen. The decision on defense is between Jamie Oleksiak and Stephen Johns, which is a coinflip right now. The choice among forwards probably comes down to Antoine Roussel and Cody Eakin, and the guess is they would protect Eakin ahead of Roussel.
Hi Mike. Which player do you think Dallas will have the toughest time decided whether or not to protect from the expansion draft? Thanks.
Mike Heika, Stars beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answers your questions about the team in a live chat recently. Here are some highlights:
What about defense is Hitch going to teach Benn & Co.? Benn said Hitch is going to 'teach us defense'. Isn't it a little late for that? I'm sure all their previous coaches must be grinding their teeth, or falling off their chairs laughing.
Heika: I think it's a team attitude thing more than anything.
Neal Broten transitioned from a scoring center back in the day to a defensive center, and he said that the biggest change was in the mind. He said when he was an offensive center, he saw a loose puck and took off. He said when he became a defensive center, he saw a loose puck, and surveyed where everyone was on the ice and then made a decision whether he should take off or not.
He said that in taking that moment to survey, he lost out on some great offensive opportunities, but he also greatly reduced the bad decisions he made.
That sums up what Ken Hitchcock does. He drills through repitition that you have to be aware of everything on the ice. When you change your vision, it will cost you some great scoring opportunities, but it will also prevent bad chances against.
As for the previous coaches, they did not dig in enough defensively in practice and they did not deliver the message of defense hard enough. I know many fans want the players to just do it naturally anddig in and play physical two-way hockey, but if players are given the offensive green light, they are going to take it.
If you go back and listen to Lindy Ruff's interviews, he was constantly telling us that the team needed to convert its golden scoring chances. That was the message to everyone, players included, that if the Stars just scored more they would win more.
This coach will not allow players to entertain that mindset.
Based off Hitchcock's defensive style of play do you think the Stars are looking at taking a defenseman with their first pick in the draft?
Heika: They have great depth on defense right now and they added blueline prospects Dillon Heatherington and Gavin Bayreuther late in the season, so they will take the best player available.
In the expansion draft, can Vegas take someone who is a free agent and then lose out on them if they don't sign an extension? How does stuff like that work?
Heika: Yes, but that doesn't make sense. They also could trade for the rights to a potential UFA the way Arizona did with Alex Goligoski last season, and that would probably cost less in asset value than what they could get in the expansion draft.
Because Vegas gets one player/asset from each team, it could end up with 30 players on one-way contracts. That would probably be too many (NHL rosters are limited to 23 players). Because of that, the guess here is GM George McPhee will be working deals to get draft picks or prospects that don't have to go on the NHL roster.
I think that's where you'll see them taking a few chances, and where teams will be able to keep players that they won't be able to protect.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE FULL CHAT
Don Quixote (Tony Costa) and Sancho Panza (Nicholas Coffey) appear in Cuesta College's production of "Man of La Mancha," playing through Feb. 11. C. M. WIEBER
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Who remembers the day Aston Villa's reserves sensationally put TEN past Arsenal in 2011?
It was a top-of-the-table clash between two of the leading lights in terms of developing young talent.
But Gary Gardner, Nathan Delfouneso and Co humiliated their Arsenal counterparts who boasted a line-up including Nico Yennaris, now at Brentford, and the once highly-rated Jay Emmanuel-Thomas.
The match will be remembered most fondly for Chris Herd scoring a hat-trick from right-back, but Andreas Weimann, Gardner and Delfouneso all helped themselves to braces while Jonathan Hogg got the other.
But where are they now?
Elliot Parish
The 27-year-old has gradually slipped down the leagues since departing Villa in 2012.
Parish now plays for Dundee up in Scotland after leaving Accrington Stanley in the summer.
Chris Herd
The Australian only officially left B6 in 2015 after a five-year association with the club.
Herd now plays for Western Sydney Wanderers.
Nathan Baker
Shane Lowry
Baker was still at Villa Park until last summer. Current manager Steve Bruce needed to boost the club's finances and decided to sell the defender to Bristol City for £4million.
Another of Villa's Aussie contingent, Lowry spent three years with the club after arriving in 2009. He is now playing for Perth Glory back in his homeland.
Eric Lichaj
The USA international joined Nottingham Forest in 2013 and has been a regular at the City Ground ever since.
He scored a brace as Forest knocked Arsenal out of the FA Cup in January.
Isaiah Osbourne
The leggy midfielder made 30 appearances in Villa's first team before leaving the club in 2011. He has suffered terrible injury problems throughout his career.
Osbourne left Walsall last summer to join League Two side Forest Green Rovers.
Jonathan Hogg
The tenacious Hogg has been in outstanding form for David Wagner's Huddersfield Town this season.
Hogg helped the Terriers reach the Premier League for the first time with a series of top drawer displays in the engine room.
Gary Gardner
Brummie Gardner is still on Villa's books but he's currently trying to help Barnsley beat the drop from the Championship.
Gardner's loan spell at Oakwell comes to an end in May.
Zoltan Steiber
Steiber has gone on to enjoy a fine career and represented Hungary at the Euros in 2016. He scored a sumptuous chip in the first game against Austria and helped his team reach the knockout phase.
He plays his club football for DC United in MLS.
Nathan Delfouneso
What happened to the man once tipped for Villa Park stardom? Delfouneso burst on to the scene as a teenager but soon saw his big chance escape from his grasp.
He now plays for Blackpool in League One and has scored eight times in 44 appearances this season.
Andreas Weimann
The Austrian made his mark at Villa briefly before leaving for Derby County in 2015.
He's been a regular for the Rams this season and returns to Villa Park on Saturday.
Libya demands return of captured Benghazi suspect TRIPOLI, Libya — The Libyan government on Wednesday denied it had prior knowledge of the US capture of a top suspect in the deadly 2012 assault on Americans in Benghazi...
House leaders attack new Benghazi report WASHINGTON – House Intelligence Committee leaders from both parties Sunday slammed a New York Times article that concluded al Qaeda wasn't behind the deadly 2012 attack on the US diplomatic...
Mayor de Blasio's election-year gift of parking placards to all city school teachers and staffers will lead to rampant misuse, a Manhattan principal warned in an e-mail to the Department of Education.
“This is going to cause many challenges across the city with abuse and misuse, as in years past,” Marlon Hosang, principal of PS 64 on the Lower East Side, told the DOE last week.
“I already have staff members who live two blocks away celebrating that they now have their personal garage back,” he wrote.
Hosang urged the department to rethink the change and come up with a more “sensible solution.”
The principal told The Post he witnessed widespread abuse of the permits before former Mayor Mike Bloomberg cracked down on them in 2008, slashing the number of placards available to DOE workers from about 63,000 to 11,000.
“People were getting them and giving them to their uncles or cousins,” Hosang said.
The principals union took legal action and won back the right to their placards — but the city decided to give the permits to teachers, as well, according to the Council of School Supervisors & Administrators.
Political consultant Hank Sheinkopf has called the move an “election-year gift to interest groups.”
Hosang thinks there shouldn't be more permits than spots.
I already have staff members who live two blocks away celebrating that they now have their personal garage back
“It invites misuse,” he said.
According to DOE guidelines, teachers and other staffers must provide proof of driver's license and auto registration to obtain a placard.
PS 64 shares a building with two other schools, the Earth School and Tompkins Square Middle School — but there are currently only about 25 allotted parking spots for staffers from the three schools, Hosang explained.
Now all staffers will have placards, forcing them to jockey for a limited number of spots.
“They will have to go outside and park somewhere else,” Hosang said. “It's going to create a challenge.”
De Blasio was blase about the matter Monday night, insisting there will be “consistent enforcement” of permit violations.
Schools Chancellor Carmen Fariña even insisted she'd “never heard” about DOE staffers abusing their placard privileges.
“What is being more closely monitored this time around is that on these permits there will be the names of the school that the teacher is in so you can't just use these permits to park anywhere in the city,” she said.
Some cops complained many education staffers will get a free pass.
“I don't think cops will give them tickets,” one law-enforcement source said.
Additional reporting by Selim Algar
Scorpions have made their way into Valley neighborhoods. (Source: Associated Press)
As the weather warms up, insects have invaded Valley homes.
FOX5 received dozens of pictures and messages from viewers fed up with the influx of bugs in the area.
“Its miserable,” Jayme Symmens of Henderson said.
Symmens said he saw a recluse spider in his garage early Sunday.
“I just left it alone and went back in to the house,” he said.
The resurgence of crawlers is linked to the valley's mild winter.
“It's going to make the larvae that's down in the ground right now have no natural enemies,” FOX5 meteorologist Les Krifaton said.
Krifaton said the Valley can expect more insects as the weather warms up.
To protect property from bugs, homes are recommended to be treated every one to two months.
To reduce risk of scorpions: remove piles of trash, stones and fire wood on the ground and protect points of entry inside the home.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County return to Championship action when they take on Brentford at Pride Park this weekend.
The Rams go into the game on the back of a goalless draw away at Millwall on Tuesday night.
Substitute Ikechi Anya appeared to have earned all three points for Gary Rowett's side with a late winner, only for it to be ruled offside.
Derby sits in second place in the Championship table and are on a ten-game unbeaten run in the league, and have lost only two of their last.
In contrast, Brentford are currently 11th in the league table and go into the match at Pride Park on the back of a 1-0 defeat at home to Norwich City.
The last time the Rams faces the Bees was in September when the match ended in a 1-1 draw.
We'll bring you all the build-up from the game, as well as match action and post-match reaction, in our live blog but for now, here's everything you need to know:
(Image: Andy Clarke)
What time is kick-off?
The match is due to get under way at 3pm.
How can I watch it?
The game is not being televised live in the UK but highlights will be shown on Football on Five at 9pm and Rams TV. BBC Radio Derby will provide audio commentary throughout.
Who is the ref?
Peter Bankes is the man in the middle. He has taken charge of 28 matches across the EFL and FA Cup so far this season, producing 95 yellow and six red cards.
This will be his second time officiating a Rams game this season, the previous one being the 2-1 away win against Norwich City. Overall, Bankes has overseen three Derby fixtures, including the 2-2 draw with Nottingham Forest in what was Gary Rowett's first game in charge.
Other notable fixtures Bankes has presided over this season include Wolves' 2-1 win over Bristol City and Queens Park Rangers' 2-1 defeat to London rivals Fulham.
Who should I look out for in the Derby County team?
Matej Vydra - as things stand, the 25-year-old is the joint-top scorer of the Championship alongside Sheffield United's Leon Clarke with 15 goals.
Vydra has netted 16 times in just 27 appearances across all competitions this season, and all but one of his goals have come in the league, the latest one was in the win at Birmingham City.
Operating in his favoured number 10 role, the Rams' record signing is now in fine form, transforming from a player on the fringes to a vital cog in Gary Rowett's side.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Who should I look out for in the Brentford team?
Romaine Sawyers - the 26-year-old has scored five goals in 29 appearances for Dean Smith's men, and was recently nominated for the Championship Player of the Month award for December after helping the Bees to four wins from six matches.
An impressive passer of the ball, Sawyers was the controlling influence behind the Brentford's climb into mid-table and will be one to watch as the in-form visitors prepare to head to Pride Park.
Any injury news?
Deadline-day signing Kasey Palmer will be assessed ahead of the weekend to determine his fitness ahead of a potential Derby County debut, although Gary Rowett has said he is in no rush to throw the Chelsea loanee straight into the team.
Midfielder Bradley Johnson – who has missed the past four games due to a back injury – has returned to the squad, although fitness is an issue, while goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell continues to be ruled out with a finger injury.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
What happened the last time the sides met?
The two sides last met in September at Griffin Park when Joe Ledley scored on his debut in a 1-1 draw.
The last meeting at Pride Park, back in October 2016, ended in a goalless stalemate.
What should I be betting on?
Derby County have odds of 23/20 to beat Brentford on Saturday with bookmakers Sky Bet. A draw has odds of 12/5 with a win for the visitors at 9/4.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Normally newly appointed managers come with their own ‘bounce' - but former England goalkeeper Chris Kirkland says Steve Cotterill has quite a task on his hands lifting his inherited group of players.
Birmingham City were put to the sword in front of the watching Cotterill by Hull before the international break, a severe set-back after the vital win over Sheffield Wednesday just three days earlier.
Cotterill has enjoyed relative success in English football; he completed a league and cup double with Bristol City in 2015, kept Nottingham Forest from the drop in 2012 and has impressive win ratios from his spells at Cheltenham and Notts County.
A club he is familiar with after aiding Harry Redknapp with Blues' rescue mission last season, Cotterill is now being charged with leading the club away from relegation danger and as high up the table as possible.
Pundit Kirkland, a goalkeeper previously with Liverpool, Wigan and Sheffield Wednesday, admitted to Sky Sports that the job is an unenviable one at present.
“I was a bit surprised [by the appointment] but he does have a lot of experience and has done well at his previous clubs,” he said.
“He's got a big job on his hands now, they got beaten 6-1 before the international break, which isn't ideal, but he's got a couple of weeks now to work with them before the next game.
“He was in the stands so I'm sure he'll claim he wasn't in charge [at Hull]! But it'll be tough picking up the players again that's for sure.”
On Lee Carsley, who will assist Cotterill with his coaching duties, Kirkland was complimentary.
“He's very well-liked there and the club really like the work he does,” he added.
“They were desperate to keep hold of him and he'll be a fantastic No 2.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Radzieski Sznyter
It's chilly, but looking at the colors around us makes it official: winter is over. There's no mistaking that deep, fresh green of the new grass.
Robert Frost captured the beauty of spring perfectly when he wrote, “Nature's first green is gold.”
At The Gathering Place (TGP), we welcome everyone to stroll by and visit.
Our spring classes ended May 22 with the final night of Furniture Refinishing. Class participants brought home “new” furniture remade in their own style. Thanks to Val Langan of Woods and Company for her artistic advice.
Summer events
Five events are coming up for the summer, along with several classes. The first is a Medication Take-Back from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, June 2. The public is encouraged to bring expired or unused medications for proper disposal. Thanks to the Volunteer Action Center for this opportunity.
Our second event is a poetry reading called, “Two Local Ladies Read Their Poetry.” Laurel Radzieski and Daryl Sznyter will read their poetry and talk about writing at 7 p.m. Saturday, June 23.
Radzieski just published her book of poems, “Red Mother.”
Sznyter will present poems from her debut collection, “Synonyms for (OTHER) Bodies.”
What better way to spend a summer evening than listening to talented ladies creating images through language?
Visiting TGP, you can view new paintings in our gallery. Our fourth Art Show will open Friday, June 22, with the theme “Land, Sea and Sky.” Anyone interested in being part of this show may send the entry form, available online at
gatheringplaceCS.org, and a digital file of the pieces submitted by June 8. It's a joy to wander through TGP on a summer day, admiring art from area artists.
We hope to be open more hours for summer and plan on 6-8 p.m. Tuesdays and Thursdays and 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays. To make that possible, we are looking for volunteers to be gallery sitters. This official-sounding title simply means a volunteer would be at TGP, relaxing or reading, so others can visit.
If you would like to be a gallery sitter, call Anne at 570-881-7612.
There's even more. Why not start your day on June 30 with a quick run around town? The National Running Center will sponsor a 5K Strawberry Run at 9 a.m. and Kids' Fun Race after the 5K, followed by Strawberry Festival activities.
You can enjoy strawberry shortcake, strawberry lemonade, and goods from vendors. Once you are refueled, you can take part in games, with water balloon launching among the favorites. The Festival will run from 9-11:30 a.m.
Summer classes
Step into our air-conditioned center and soak up some summer scholarship. Among the classes will be two about opera, taught by Abby Zieger, which will tie into Glimmerglass trips on July 24 and 31. Tickets are still available for “The Barber of Seville.”
We will also offer classes on composting with Master Gardener Georgiann Eccleston, home and fire safety with Bob Bass, computer help in PowerPoint and desktop publishing with Lisa Imbriacco, CPR and creative writing for grades 7 to 12.
More classes will be added. Watch for details in the newspaper or on our website.
Saying goodbye
Saying goodbye to winter is easy. Saying goodbye to friends is not. Like all organizations, TGP has needed leaders to help us fulfill our dream.
One of these leaders, especially during the capital campaign, is MaryAnn Nichols, a key factor for our success. She will be moving away and will be greatly missed. We thank her for her dedication, positive outlook, inspiration and grace in bringing TGP to reality.
Safe travels, MaryAnn, and wishes for happiness in your new home.
We hope to see you at The Gathering Place. In the meantime, get out and enjoy that sunshine.
Or run between the raindrops and smile.
Become a volunteer
The Gathering Place is seeking volunteers to be gallery sitters. If you like the idea of relaxing at The Gathering Place on a summer afternoon or evening so others can visit the Clarks Summit community and arts center, call Anne at 570-881-7612.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So now we know, the fifth in line to the throne is now a little boy - a matter of hours old.
The nation's conversation has turned to what the name of the little bundle of joy will be.
Arthur and James - good old fashioned Royal names - are presently favourites.
But Royal tradition dictates that it is likely to be at least 24 hours before the name is made public.
Commentator Victoria Arbiter told Town & Country says there wasn't one specific reason for the delay.
"The reasoning is perhaps twofold. On one hand there's a desire to inform the families before a public declaration is made and any new parent appreciates having a little private time to get to know their new addition before the onslaught of announcements," she said.
"Royals, however, also have to consider the great responsibility in naming a new member of the family and I expect they want to be a hundred percent certain of their choice before announcing the name and sealing the baby's place in history."
In 2015, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared their daughter's name via the Kensington Palace Twitter account.
The latest bookmaker odds reveal Arthur is a firm favourite at 5/1, followed by Albert and Jack both at 9/1
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Current selected odds on new Royal Baby by OddsMonkey :
5/1 Arthur
9/1 Albert
9/1 Jack
14/1 Phillip
16/1 Fred
16/1 Henry
16/1 James
25/1 Billy
Winds continue to be strong. While only a few showers are expected the next few days, a high risk of rip currents remains for swimmers.
As far as the drought situation is concerned, most of south Florida is still “abnormally dry”. Some parts are now severe though in Broward and Miami-Dade.
When is the next better chance of rain? We have to look into the weekend or early next week.
Make it a good one, south Florida!
Meteorologist Natacha Lang
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kim Kardashian West has been pictured at the White House ahead of talks with Donald Trump over prison reform.
The reality TV star was pictured wearing a smart black pantsuit with lime green shoes as she arrived in Washington DC on Wednesday.
The surprise meeting was first reported by Vanity Fair magazine, who said she was due to speak to President Trump and his son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner.
The talks will involve prison reform and Alice Marie Johnson, a grandmother who is in prison for a first-time non-violent drug offence.
Kardashian West is thought to have been involved in private discussions with Mr Kushner and his wife Ivanka Trump for several months.
It is believed the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star will be joined by her lawyer and the meeting will take place in the Oval Office.
Following the initial reports, Kardashian West tweeted: “Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you.”
The reality TV star included an emoji symbolising praying hands, and a star, in her post.
Johnson is currently serving a life sentence in prison without parole after being convicted of drug-related charges in 1997.
An online petition to grant clemency to Johnson, started by her daughter, currently has more than 250,000 signatures.
BELLEVILLE, Ill. (AP) — The gunman who shot a top GOP congressman and several other people Wednesday at a baseball practice outside the nation's capital had a long history of lashing out at Republicans and recently frightened a neighbor by firing a rifle into a field behind his Illinois house.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, wounded House Rep. Steve Scalise before he was fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip.
In the hours after the attack in Alexandria, Virginia, a picture began to emerge of a shooter with a mostly minor arrest record who worked as a home inspector and despised the Republican Party.
On Facebook, Hodgkinson was a member of a group called “Terminate the Republican Party,” a fact that seemed to take on chilling new meaning in light of an account from South Carolina Rep. Jeff Duncan, who said that as he was preparing to leave the baseball field, a man politely asked him whether it was a Democrat or Republican team before quietly walking off.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of his house. His Facebook page shows that he was a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who last year made an unsuccessful presidential bid. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on his 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers show that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to his local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson, who spent most of his life in the community of 42,000 just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and adopting other tax-reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, he wrote: “I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit.”
Less than a year later, on March 4, 2011, he wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
“Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience,” he wrote.
Later that year, in October 2011, he applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators “are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes.”
Hodgkinson also had arrests in his background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In 2006, he was arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face, then striking her boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-guage shotgun before firing a round at the man, according to a sheriff's department report.
While trying to drive away from that confrontation, the report said, Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt. The charges were dismissed later that year, according to the court clerk.
Three years earlier, Hodgkinson served as an independent contractor on a county weatherization program. He was banned from the program after he was apparently caught rummaging through someone's desk in search of a check, according to Mark Kern, the St. Clair County board chairman.
Though there are no other legal problems listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring.
On March 24, Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside his house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When he went outside, he saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. He was squeezing off five or six rounds at a time and, according to the report of the incident, fired about 50 shots in all.
“I yelled, `Quit shooting toward the houses,”‘ Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
“I told the sheriff, `I don't know what's the matter with that guy, but he can't be shooting like that,”‘ he said.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which he said he was simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
“He said, `I understand,' and said he needed to take the gun to a range to shoot it, Watson said. “There was nothing we could arrest him for, and there was no indication he was mentally ill or going to harm anyone.
“The only thing I was concerned about was that it was such a high-powered gun, and that somebody could possibly get hurt.”
Watson said the deputy on Wednesday recalled Hodgkinson being “very cordial.”
Hodgkinson's wife told ABC News that her husband had been living in Alexandria for the past two months. His Facebook page indicated that he had left his job.
The office of Republican Rep. Mike Bost, whose district includes Belleville, said it had a record of 10 contacts with Hodgkinson between June 2016 and last month. The contacts were made via phone calls and emails. Spokesman George O'Connor described them as “negative in nature on a variety of legislative issues, but not threatening.”
Dale Walsh, 65, of Belleville, said he was a lifelong friend of Hodgkinson's. He said Hodgkinson spent most of his life building homes but in recent years turned to home inspections.
Hodgkinson never talked politics with him, Walsh said, but he was a passionate person who occasionally got into fights.
“He was the type of person that if you challenged him, he wouldn't back off.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Whether you're looking for a treat to whip up that you can give as a gift or just something for your family to snack on, Cindy Newland has a recipe that will only take you six minutes to make. Cindy's cinnamon candied nuts are delicious treat for whatever the occasion.
Cinnamon candied nuts
Cook Time 6 minutes
Total Time 6 minutes
Servings 3 cups
Calories 245 kcal
Author Cindy at Intentionally Eat
Ingredients:
3 cups nuts
3/4 cup sugar
1 tbsp cinnamon
1/4 cup water
pinch salt optional
Instructions:
Bring sugar, water and cinnamon to a boil while whisking it together. Add nuts and salt. Stir constantly. Continue stirring until it seizes up and you just start to smell it roasting. Immediately pour the nuts onto parchment paper and separate with forks. You have to do this quickly or the nuts will stick together.
More recipes:
Sign up to receive a weekly email from FOX 4 with the recipes we featured on our FOX 4 newscasts.
Click here to add your name to the list.
Monday blues? While not a washout, today's rain chances include some showers along the ocean breeze.
Parents, keep your umbrella handy during the afternoon hours.
Also, beach and boating conditions remain hazardous. We might sound like a broken record, but blame the breeze for that! Here are rip current safety tips:
Later this week, south Florida will gradually warm up to the mid 80s.
Make it a good one, south Florida!
Meteorologist Natacha Lang
This story is about
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Dez Bryant comes out of the tunnel to take the field before an NFL football game against the Philadelphia Eagles at Lincoln Financial Field on Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, in Philadelphia. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Like many of the Cowboys' key players, receiver Dez Bryant played only limited snaps Sunday.
He did not catch a pass, which snapped his streak of 85 straight games with at least one reception.
The last time he played without making a catch was Nov. 25, 2010, against New Orleans in his rookie season. Bryant declined to talk to reporters after the game.
Limited game time also hurt tight end Jason Witten on his quest to become the Cowboys' all-time leader in receiving yards.
Your browser does not support playing this file but you can still download the MP3 file to play locally.
The Conservative party conference was supposed to be the prime minister's big moment, yet her keynote speech was a disaster and the overall mood was flat. So where does the party go now, and how does it find some fresh policies to beat Jeremy Corbyn? With George Parker, Henry Mance and Miranda Green of the Financial Times.
Stitcher audioBoom RSS
The Cancer Foundation of Santa Barbara, the Cancer Center of Santa Barbara and Four Seasons Resort Santa Barbara will host the 24th Annual Cancer Center Walk/Run on Sunday, Oct. 16.
One hundred percent of registration fees and pledges benefit the Cancer Center's research and supportive care programs.
The family friendly event will begin and end at Montecito Union School, 385 San Ysidro Road, Santa Barbara. The event includes a 10K run at 8 a.m., a 5K walk/run at 8:30 a.m.; and a kids' fun run at 10 a.m. Registration is at 7 a.m.
Participants are invited to stay for a complimentary brunch buffet provided by the Four Seasons Resort Santa Barbara, and a raffle including gift certificates for local restaurants, spas and attractions.
New this year will be a breast health-awareness table. The Cancer Center of Santa Barbara is hosting a table with information, food samples and raffle prizes. There will be information on: hereditary cancer information; diet, exercise and breast cancer prevention; healthy recipes; how to reduce your risk; and discussion of the risk factors for breast cancer.
— Elizabeth Baker for Sansum Clinic.
Dealing with lulls on the road? Try these workout suggestions to engage your mind and body. – By Susan Paul
If you've recently started running and your biggest issue is boredom, here are a few tips to help you keep going.
To fight boredom, engage your mind as well as your body. To accomplish this, I suggest mixing up your runs as much as you can. Avoid running the same route, at the same pace, day after day.
Run in different locations with varying mileage. Try diverse workouts, and do them with new running partners. Even better, find a local running group. Mixing it up helps get you out the door, keeps it fun, and boosts your fitness level.
It can help to plan your runs for the week ahead. Keep in mind that every run you do should have a purpose to it. Runs can be easy for recovery, fast for speed, long run for endurance, or hill workouts to build strength. Plan your route and distance of the run with the purpose in mind.
And, most important of all, keep it fun. Regardless of how hard or easy, or how long or short, the run should be fun. Experiment! Find the workouts and the running routes you enjoy the most and incorporate them, but keep searching out new options to keep it fresh, exciting, and interesting.
Here are some suggestions for mixing up your week:
1. Run to a destination.
For example, run to the gym or run to complete an errand – like going to the post office. You can meet up with friends so you have a ride home or plan to run back home.
2. Easy/medium/hard run.
For a speed workout, run easy for three minutes, at a medium difficulty for two minutes, and hard for one minute. Repeat this sequence for the duration of your run.
3. Landmark runs.
After a warmup, run hard for a short interval to a landmark like a mailbox, a driveway, or a streetlight along the route; then jog easy for recovery to the next landmark. Repeat.
4. Explore a new running area.
Go to a park, or a new neighbourhood popular with runners.
5. Try a trail run.
The concentration needed for trail running engages your mind as you figure out how to traverse uneven terrain, rocks, roots, hills, water, and other obstacles. It's a great strength builder, too. (Check out these 21 trail tips to get you started.)
6. Plan a hill repeat run.
Find a hill in your area that is about a quarter mile in length with a nice incline. Run one kilometre for a warmup then tackle the hill. Run up the hill and jog easy down, then turn around and run up the hill again. Repeat several times. Run a one-kilometre cooldown afterward.
7. Try a track workout for speed.
Run a one-kilometre warmup. Time yourself and run one lap at a hard pace; then, jog or walk one lap for recovery. Repeat four to six times. Set a consistent pace for the hard laps and stay within a five-second variance for each lap. Gradually increase the number of laps you run over the weeks.
8. Make running dates with friends.
Nothing like good conversation to help pass the miles. Training with a group has wonderful benefits to help with running.
9. Running on a treadmill?
Try using a pre-programmed hill run or interval run. The treadmill will automatically speed up or down or add an incline. Varying the pace and incline will engage your mind.
10. Register for a race.
There is nothing like making a race commitment to get you out the door and focused on training. Select a local race or go for a destination race. Finding a race somewhere you have always wanted to visit is a great motivator and a fun way to tour that area. If you have already done some races, select a race that presents a different challenge – like a new distance, a trail race, or an obstacle race.
KINSTON, N.C. (WNCT) — Nearly 40 teachers went home with grant money Monday.
Members of the Lenoir County Education Foundation delivered the grants to the teachers.
36 teachers from 12 schools received checks for grant money totaling 15,500 dollars.
Laura Lee Sylvester, executive director of the Kinston-Lenoir County Chamber of Commerce, said it is a great honor to help make better education available.
“It's an opportunity for businesses in Kinston and Lenoir County to help out schools and our teachers offer additional projects in educational programs for our kids,” said Sylvester.
Teacher Aaron Murdock plans to use his money to buy Legos to help kids better understand math.
“I've written several, but this is the first one I've actually won, so it's a good feeling to know that now I'm going to be able to purchase the things that really help students to learn,” Murdock said.
Each recipient went home with a balloon and check in an envelop.
ROCK ISLAND, Ill. (CBS News) — At least one person is dead and five injured after a branch from an oak tree snapped and fell on a crowd of people in front of the Rock Island County Courthouse Tuesday night, reports CBS Rock Island affiliate WHBF-TV.
It happened around 9:45 p.m., shortly after the annual Red, White & Boom fireworks show began, according to Rock Island County Sheriff Gerry Bustos.
- Advertisement -
Illinois-bound traffic on the Centennial Bridge was shut down for more than an hour.
A few witnesses told WHBF they heard people shouting and saw people pulling branches from the scene.
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday following criticism that his initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil, and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president said from the White House.
Trump began his remarks talking about his economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning his attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters. Two Virginia State Troopers, Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed.
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
But for many, the president's condemnations may be too little too late. His initial statement on Saturday, claiming that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists, alt-right, Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence went further than the president, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Could your breakfast cloud your judgment? People's decision-making may be influenced by the amounts of carbohydrates and protein contained in their breakfast.
Will that be eggs or cereal? Choose carefully; your decision should be based on more than just what you feel like eating.
A new study suggests that people's decision-making is often influenced by the amount of carbohydrates and protein contained in their breakfast.
Breakfast literally means to break the fast after a long night's sleep. Health24 previously reported that breakfast is a crucial meal needed to refuel the body and the brain with nutrients and energy.
Eating breakfast has shown to improve mental alertness and physical performance.
Specifically, the study participants were more likely to reject an unfair financial offer if they'd filled up on carbs that morning. But if they'd eaten a lower-carb, higher-protein breakfast, they were more apt to take the money instead of having nothing.
High levels of tyrosine
The study did point to a potential explanation, according to researcher Soyoung Park, of the University of Luebeck, in Germany.
After the high-carb breakfast, she explained, people tended to have lower levels of an amino acid called tyrosine. Tyrosine is important in producing brain chemicals like dopamine – which is part of the brain's "reward system".
And changes in tyrosine correlated with changes in people's decision-making, Park said.
"I doubt we can draw any conclusion on how to best manage our social interactions with food," said Dr Luca Giliberto, a neurologist at Northwell Health Neuroscience Institute, in Manhasset, New York.
Brain's 'reward system'
A lower-carb/protein-rich meal might allow for higher levels of tyrosine – possibly "reinforcing the (brain's) reward pathway", Giliberto noted.
That, in turn, might make a person more accepting of an "unfair decision", he added.
But the study leaves open many questions, Giliberto said: For one, it's not clear what people's usual diets were – which would influence their short-term response to a high- or lower-carb meal.
Simon Young is professor emeritus of psychiatry at McGill University in Montreal. He has studied the effects of diet on the brain and behaviour, and he also said the new findings have to be taken with a grain of salt.
Young pointed to a number of limitations: The study tested only a small group of men; it used one lab-based measure of behaviour – known as the "Ultimatum Game"; and the meals were not as tightly controlled as they could be.
The two breakfasts, Young noted, also differed in fat. "So are we looking at an effect of carbohydrates, fat or protein?" he said. Young also said the behaviour changes can't be definitely pinned on tyrosine.
"This is an interesting study, but it's very preliminary," Young said. "There need to be larger, better-designed studies, with a broader range of measures."
The study was published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A well-balanced diet
To Park, the message is that the foods we eat may affect not only our physical health, but our "social decisions" as well. She sounded a cautionary note about diets that shun any nutrient, like low-carb diets.
"I think it's really important to have a well-balanced diet, and not get stuck on any one nutrient," Park said.
Read more:
The best breakfast to keep you sustained during the Ramadan fast
Do we really need to eat breakfast?
Oats: a good breakfast choice
Take a peek at the pic, consider the clues — John Glenn and yoga?? — then guess where this is.
Business First Bancshares in Baton Rouge, La., has agreed to buy Minden Bancorp in Louisiana for roughly $76.1 million.
The $1.2 billion-asset Business First also announced Friday it will raise $66 million by selling 3.3 million shares of common stock at $20 per share through a private placement. The proceeds will be used to help pay for the Minden transaction, keep the combined institution capitalized and for other corporate purposes, Business First said.
Police technicians board the amateur -built submarine UC3 Nautilus on a pier in Copenhagen harbour, Denmark, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, to conduct forensic probes in connection with a murder investigation. Danish police say they have not found the body of a missing Swedish journalist inside the submarine that sunk off the Nordic country's eastern coast last week. Ritzau Foto via AP Jacob Ehrbahn
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A doctor who saw Prince in the days before he died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of Prince's friend to protect the musician's privacy, according to an affidavit unsealed Monday.
The document is one of several affidavits and search warrants unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues.
The documents don't say where Prince got the fentanyl that killed him, which was obtained illegally and not by prescription. But they do shed some light on Prince's struggle with addiction in the days before he died. Oxycodone was not listed as a cause of Prince's death.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park home on April 21. Autopsy results showed he died from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
According to the search warrants, authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how he got the fentanyl.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles that were under the name Kirk Johnson, Prince's longtime friend and associate. Some pills in other bottles were marked as if they were a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone — but at least one of those tested positive for fentanyl, meaning it was counterfeit.
The documents suggest Prince was struggling with an addiction to prescription opioids. Just six days before he died, Prince fell ill on a plane and made an emergency stop in Illinois as he was returning home from a concert in Atlanta. First responders revived him with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, who saw Prince April 7, 2016, and again on April 20, admitted to authorities that he prescribed oxycodone for Prince the same day as the emergency plane landing “but put the prescription in Kirk Johnson's name for Prince's privacy.”
Authorities also searched Johnson's cellphone records, to see who he was communicating with in the month before Prince died.
Messages left with attorneys for Schulenberg and Johnson weren't immediately returned Monday. Schulenberg has an active medical license and is currently practicing medicine in Minnesota. His attorney, Amy Conners, told the AP last week that there are no restrictions on his license.
Investigators haven't interviewed either Johnson or Schulenberg since the hours after Prince died, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
While authorities have the power to ask a grand jury to investigate and issue subpoenas for testimony, that step hasn't been taken, the official said.
Prince did not have a cellphone, and authorities searched multiple email accounts that belonged to him, as they tried to determine who he was communicating with and where he got the drugs that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name “Peter Bravestrong” on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when he traveled. The suitcase also contained lyrics for the song “U Got the Look” that appeared to be in Prince's handwriting.
Investigators have said little about the case over the last year, other than it is active. The official who spoke to the AP said the case has taken investigators to Illinois and California, as authorities have interviewed friends, family and any potential witnesses, including the flight crew and hospital staff that were present when Prince overdosed on the plane.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lagos – Nigerian carrier, Air Peace says it will commence four-sector flights on the Lagos-Abuja, Abuja-Owerri, Owerri-Abuja and Abuja-Lagos routes with an historic all female flight and cabin crew members on Thursday.
The airline made the announcement in a statement signed by its Corporate Communications Manager, Mr Chris Iwarah on Wednesday in Lagos.
Iwarah said the development was coming days after Air Peace gave command to Mrs Sinmisola Ajibola, who made history as the airline's first female captain, who was decorated with her new rank by the airline's Chairman, Mr Allen Onyema.
He noted that the flight was planned in honour of Ajibola's achievement, a testament to Air Peace's avowed commitment to gender equality and promotion of Nigerian women in aviation.
“Although women occupy most of Air Peace's top positions, Ajibola's elevation is a great milestone in our effort to build the capacity of women in the cockpit.
“Ajibola, who will be in command of the four-leg flight, will be assisted in the cockpit by Senior First Officer, Quincy Owen,” Iwarah said.
According to him, the all-female crew flight, scheduled to take off from the General Aviation Terminal (GAT) of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos at 1.10 p.m. is estimated to arrive to a water salute at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja at 2.20 p.m.
Air Peace female cabin crew members[/caption
Ethiopian Airlines had on Dec. 16, 2017 operated its first all female flight from Addis Ababa to Nigeria.
The Boeing 777 aircraft, which was piloted by Amsale Gualu, landed at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos, at 1.16 p.m. to the admiration of aviation stakeholders and other dignitaries. (NAN)
2:36
Seahawks safety Kam Chancellor returns from surgery on both ankles, briefly being in wheelchair
2:50
Earl Thomas, full go 6 months after broken tibia. "I will be ready for the first game."
1:38
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nick Grimshaw has announced he is quitting BBC Radio One.
The radio presenter will step down as the presenter of the breakfast show on the channel.
Grimshaw currently presents the show every day Monday to Friday from 6.30am.
"It was always my dream to do the Breakfast Show and I'm very grateful that I got to live my dream everyday for what will be 6 years. But 6 years is a long time and this isn't a forever job. I had the time of my life," Grimmy said.
"I've decided it's time for a change and a new show. I love Radio 1 and can't wait to get on with the new time slot and the removal of all alarms from my house.
"I'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours @gregjames17 and can't wait to wake up to him each morning. Not literally. Just on the radio. Unless he's up for it.️"
It comes a week after it emerged Grimshaw's Radio 1 Breakfast Show has recorded its second lowest audience figures since current records began.
The programme hosted by the DJ shed 600,000 listeners in the first quarter of 2018, new research shows.
He pulled in 5.1 million listeners a week in the first three months of the year, compared with 5.7 million a week in the last quarter of 2017, according to the latest figures from audience research body Rajar.
The quarter-on-quarter drop of 11% is the second largest dip since Grimshaw took over the breakfast show – the largest was between October and December 2012 and January and March 2013, when the audience fell by 14%.
Last year the show plunged to its lowest listening figures since he took over the slot, dropping below five million in the third quarter of 2017, the first time in his five-year tenure.
Ben Cooper, controller BBC Radio 1, 1Xtra & Asian Network, said: “Radio 1 has reinvented how the BBC reaches young people in the digital age.”
He added: “Radio 1 remains the biggest and most relevant youth station in the UK, with over a third of all 15 to 24-year-olds listening each week.”
The station as a whole also shed listeners, pulling in 9.5 million a week in the first quarter of 2018, compared with 9.8 million in the final quarter of 2017.
Chris Evans also saw a drop in his listening figures in the first three months of 2018, with his Radio 2 breakfast show drawing 9.1 million a week, down from 9.4 million the quarter before.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Radja Nainggolan has admitted that Liverpool were the last side he wanted to face when the Champions League semi-final draw was made.
The Roma midfielder travels with his teammates to Anfield on Tuesday, having overcome Barcelona in dramatic circumstances in the quarters.
The Reds themselves won well over two legs against Manchester City, and it's made for an exciting - if not a little unexpected - semi-final tie.
Nainggolan, who will face former teammate Mo Salah, has conceded that the Reds were the team he'd rather have avoided, instead rather drawing one of Real Madrid or Bayern Munich.
He explained: “I wasn't happy with the draw, because in my view Liverpool were the toughest team out of the three.
“It's not that they have more quality than Real Madrid or Bayern, but they put a lot of hard work in and have nothing to lose. Real and Bavaria might've underestimated Roma, but Liverpool are warriors, a bit like us.
“I spoke to Salah and he couldn't believe we'd beaten Barcelona either! He was joking on Instagram that we'll never hear the end of Kostas Manolas saying he scored the winning goal.
“It'll be nice to see Momo again, we had a good rapport. He's a good guy, sweet and respectful, as well as being an excellent player.
“I am not surprised by his success at Liverpool, as he always had the quality. The only difference now is perhaps he's got more opportunities and also learned to keep a cool head in front of goal. I'm a fan of his.”
On the move?
Serie A club Juventus are planning moves for Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian and Liverpool midfielder Emre Can this summer.
Darmian, a Louis Van Gaal signing, is expected to move on this summer having not found a regular supply of football under Jose Mourinho.
The ex-Torino full-back, it's being reported by the Daily Mail, could return to Italy with the champions.
Can, meanwhile, has a sizeable question mark over his own future at Anfield - his contract is up this summer and has been tipped to leave.
Manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed recently, though, that talks over a new deal to keep him on Merseyside are ongoing.
“What is the situation at the moment? Open. Nothing is decided,” he said at the end of last month.
“We are in talks with him and it is all good so far apart from he hasn't yet signed a contract for us.
“That is all, there is no problem with that.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Public open houses will be held in October to celebrate renovations designed to better help residents discover their roots
Rosa Avolio stood in front of the rows of bookshelves and couldn't help but chuckle.
“I could not conceive that (these bookshelves) would get done,” said Avolio, a member of the IT committee for the Santa Barbara County Genealogical Society.
The bookshelves are among recent renovations to the Sahyun Library, maintained by the Genealogical Society. The property, at 316 Castillo St., has undergone construction that was funded almost entirely from community donations.
The Genealogical Society, made up mostly of members age 60 or older, pulled together to create items such as the bookshelves while contractors worked on the structure.
“I'm the baby, so I often get a hard time (from the older community),” Avolio said.
The volunteer-based staff worked to re-create four bookshelves that mirrored the four previous units. From scratch, a team of retired nurses, engineers and other community members cut, sanded, constructed and smoothed the new bookshelves.
The Sahyun Library has undergone renovations to expand the space available for the Genealogical Society's growing collection. The library includes publications donated from all around the world to help people trace their genealogical roots. It will be able to accommodate a library of what is now more than 4,500 books, 100 microfiche and 1,000 microfilm containing death and birth certificates, maps, atlases, periodicals, family history records and locality records.
The Genealogical Society started with a small number of members and over time grew to about 500. In the early days, members would meet periodically at members' homes and nearby centers. They would bring books to each meeting that included information about genealogy and family histories. That marked the start of the Sahyun Library collection, which is now the largest collection between Los Angeles and San Francisco, according to Kathie Morgan, the Genealogical Society's volunteer library director.
Members now meet monthly to plan events and maintain their efforts with the library.
A private grand opening celebration is planned for Sunday — just in time for Family History Month in October, during which 25 classes are scheduled. Public open houses will be held Oct. 22 and 23.
The classes will cover such topics as ancestry, specific computer technical skills and a prelude to Ellis Island. Members who share a distinct interest in that field teach the classes, according to Avolio.
“They all sound so interesting,” Morgan said. “I wish I could take all of them.”
Avolio said the courses have been well received by the community.
“One of my classes already has a waiting list, and other classes are full already,” she said.
In addition to the classes, the Genealogical Society plans to continue a number of its other programs. One such program includes working with the home-school network and elementary schools to help find genealogical roots and talk about resources available in the Sahyun Library.
Morgan said the events are intended to get more people interested in finding their genealogy and to show them how to do so properly. While some people have come to the Genealogical Society with their findings from the Internet, she said that often those findings are incorrect — going online and looking at ancestry does not verify that it's actually your ancestor.
“That's the downside to technology,” said Morgan, adding that everyone researches through the Internet for his or her genealogy and think they're related to famous historians. “In some cases it's true, but most of the time it's not.”
Avolio said that although people can find some of the information needed online to trace genealogical roots, it's “about holding a book in your hands (to discover your roots).”
The Genealogical Society is making good use of technology. With the new renovations, it tripled its computer lab to nine computers from three, and the newly constructed library features tables with laptop accommodations, Avolio said.
With the computers, someone can research at home which types of records they need and search for them on the Genealogical Society's library database. All books and records are cataloged according to proper library cataloging.
Additionally, technology has helped speed up the process of discovering one's genealogical roots.
“I'm fascinated by how generations have taken technology and used it to the max,” said Avolio, adding that she hopes people will take advantage of the available resources. “We want people in here every day researching and using our resources.”
She and Morgan emphasized that Genealogical Society volunteers are more than willing to help anyone in their search for their genealogical roots.
“(We're) all just people wanting to help other people,” Morgan said.
Click here for more information about the Genealogical Society's Family History Month activities and other events.
— Noozhawk intern Alexa Shapiro can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Honda's troubles in the Bahrain heat continued on Tuesday when McLaren's Formula 1 testing programme was interrupted by a reliability problem after just two laps...
When the market starts tumbling as it is now — especially when it's down more than 10%—many people hit their pain threshold and start to sell they're scared that this drop could turn into a death spiral. Aren't they just being sensible and prudent? Actually, not so much. It turns out that fewer than one in five corrections escalate to the point where they become a bear market.
To put it another way, 80% of corrections don't turn into bear markets. If you panic and move into cash during a correction, you may well be doing so right before the market rebounds. Once you understand that the vast majority of corrections aren't that bad, it's easier to keep calm and resist the temptation to hit the eject button at the first sign of turbulence.
On average, there's been a market correction every year since 1900.
On average, there's been a market correction every year since 1900. When I first heard this, I was floored. Just think about it: if you're 50 years old today and have a life expectancy of 85, you can expect to live through another 35 corrections. To put it another way, you'll experience the same number of corrections as birthdays. (Note: a correction is defined as a drop of at least 10% but not more than 20%. A bear market is a drop of more than 20%).
Why does this matter? Because it shows you that corrections are just a routine part of owning stocks. Instead of living in fear of corrections, accept them as regular occurrences. And historically, the average correction was a 13.5% decline and lasted 54 days — less than two months.
Still, when you're in the midst of a correction, you might find yourself becoming emotional and wanting to sell because you're anxious to avert the possibility of more pain. You're certainly not alone. These widespread emotions create a crisis mentality. But the vast majority of the time, the sky is not falling. It is a simply a “seasonal storm.”
How bad does it get when the market really crashes? Historically, the S&P 500 SPX, -2.12% has dropped by an average of 33% during bear markets. In more than a third of bear markets, the U.S. benchmark index plunged by more than 40%. I'm not going to sugarcoat this. If you're someone who panics, sells everything in the midst of this mayhem, and locks in a loss of more than 40%, you're going to feel like a grizzly bear mauled you for real. Even if you have the knowledge and fortitude not to sell, you'll likely find that bear markets are a gut-wrenching experience.
Even Vanguard Group founder Jack Bogle admits that bear markets are no walk in the park. “How do I feel when the market goes down 50%?” he asks rhetorically. “Honestly, I feel miserable. I get knots in my stomach. So what do I do? I get out a couple of my books on ‘staying the course' and reread them!”
Sadly, many investment advisers fall victim to the same fear and hide under their desks during tumultuous times. Peter Mallouk (my co-author) told me that the ongoing communication during these storms is key. Here's what you need to know: bear markets don't last. The 14 bear markets in the U.S. over the last 70 years varied widely in duration, from a month-and-a-half (45 days) to nearly 2 years (694 days). On average, they lasted about a year.
The S&P 500 experienced an average intra-year decline of 14.2% from 1980 through the end of 2015. In other words, these market drops were remarkably regular occurrences over 36 years. Once again, nothing to be scared of — just a matter of winter putting in its usual seasonal appearance. But you know what really blows my mind? The market ended up achieving a positive return in 27 of those 36 years. That's 75% of the time. This happened just recently when the S&P 500 sank 11% in January 2016. It then made a sharp U-turn and headed for new highs.
Why is this so important? Because it reminds us that the market generally rises over the long run — even though it hits a huge number of potholes along the way. You know as well as I do that the world had its fair share of problems over those 36 years, including two Gulf wars, 9/11, the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. Even so, the market ultimately rose in all but nine of those years.
But what if America's economic future is lousy? It's a fair question. We all know there are serious challenges, whether it's the threat of terrorism, global warming, or Social Security liabilities. Even so, this is an incredibly dynamic and resilient economy with some powerful trends driving its future growth. In his 2015 annual report to Berkshire Hathaway BRK.A, -3.55% BRK.B, -3.74% shareholders, Warren Buffett addressed this subject at length, explaining how population growth and extraordinary gains in productivity will create an enormous increase in wealth for the next generation of Americans. “This all powerful trend is certain to continue: America's economic magic remains alive and well,” he wrote. “For 240 years, it's been a terrible mistake to bet against America, and now is no time to start.”
Understand the facts about how markets behave and take full ownership of your financial future.
So understand the facts about how markets behave and take full ownership of your financial future. You're taking responsibility. Because you know what? Most people never take responsibility. They prefer to blame the market for whatever happens to them. But the market never took a dime from anyone.
As Buffett has said, “The stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient.” If you lose money in the market, it's because of a decision you made—and if you make money in the market, it's because of a decision you made. The market is going to do whatever it's going to do. But you determine whether you'll win or lose.
Tony Robbins is a life- and business strategist and author. His books include Money: Master the Game and Unshakeable: Your Financial Freedom Playbook (Simon & Schuster). This article is adapted from Robbins's monthly “Power Report,” which provides advice and tips about money, investing, and personal finance.
Read more: Tony Robbins: This is a mutual fund investor's biggest enemy
The Grammy Awards was once again the red carpet for mavericks and mischief makers in the style stakes... but who do you think deserves to be crowned Belle of the Ball for 2017?
All the celebrities that died in 2016
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
2016 saw many a famous face leave us - from David Bowie and Prince, to Muhammad Ali and George Michael.
Chart-topping musicians, pioneering creatives, famous actors, sporting legends and literary greats all departed - and you can view the full list here.
But 2017 also has a lot to answer, with the Earth robbed of many a talent and celebrity already.
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson was found dead at her London flat, at the age of 45, on February 8.
And the former It Girl's passing follows a string of celebrity deaths.
JANUARY
John Wetton
John Wetton, a legend of the pro rock movement, passed away on 31 January at the age of 67 after losing his battle with cancer.
Geoff Nicholls
Former Black Sabbath musician Geoff Nicholls died on 28 January, aged 68, after a battle with lung cancer.
Sir John Hurt
(Photo: Ian West/PA Wire)
The actor John Hurt died on 25 January, aged 77, after a battle with pancreatic cancer.
He played roles in a number of blockbuster films, including Elephant Man, Alien and Harry Potter.
Mary Tyler Moore
American actress Mary Tyler Moore died on 25 January at the age of 80.
Moore shot to stardom as a suburban housewife in the 1960s comedy The Dick Van Dyke Show. She went on to play the role as Mary Richards on 'The Mary Tyler Moore' show from 1970 to 1977.
Gorden Kaye
'Allo 'Allo! star Gorden Kaye passed away aged 75 on 23 January in a care home.
The actor - who is best known for his role as Rene Artois in the British TV comedy - left behind an impressive legacy and career.
Miguel Ferrer
US actor Miguel Ferrer died on 19 January aged 61 after battling cancer.
The star - a cousin of George Clooney - was most famous for his roles in RoboCop and Twin Peaks.
More recently, he appeared in NCIS: Los Angeles.
Graham Taylor
Former Aston Villa manager Graham Taylor died of a heart attack on 12 January at the age of 72.
He made his mark as a manager with Watford, and then became a legendary figure at Villa after getting them promoted from the old Division Two to the First Division in the late 1980s.
That success earned him the England job, and after he was sacked from that went on to manage Wolverhampton Wanderers and then Villa for a second time.
Peter Sarstedt
The celebrated singer and songwriter Peter Sarstedt died aged 75 on 8 January.
The musical artist is best known for his hit song 'Where do you go to my Lovely?'
The song was a chart topper in the UK in February 1969 and stayed there for four weeks.
FEBRUARY
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson
(Photo: Ian West/PA Wire)
Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died on 8 February, aged 45.
The former It girl, who more recently appeared on I'm a Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here, had recently revealed a secret year-long battle with a brain tumour.
Doctors discovered the tumour in January last year.
Alan Simpson
Sitcom writing icon Alan Simpson, one half of the much-loved Galton and Simpson duo, died on 8 February at the age of 87.
Richard Hatch
Richard Hatch, the star of the original Battlestar Galactica series, passed away aged 71 on 7th February after a battle with pancreatic cancer, his manger confirmed to Variety.
Hatch played Captain Apollo in the original Battlestar series, which aired from 1978-79, a role that earned him a Golden Globe nomination for best actor in a television series - drama.
He also had a role in the 2003 reimagined series, playing Tom Zarek.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The Energy Commission of Nigeria (ECN) on Monday predicted a growth of up to 100,000 megawatts electricity generation in the country by 2030.
Prof. Eli Bala, the ECN's Director-General, disclosed this in an interview with the Newsmen in Abuja.
Bala said that the projection would be possible with an annual economic growth rate of 7 per cent and steady implementation of the national energy plan by the Federal Ministry of Power, Works and Housing.
“With the incremental power programme; every time, every year, we must have increment in power generation.
“We will also increase our capacity to transmit as well as the capacity to distribute.
“So I think we are on course, although it is not easy.
“Very soon, we will get to a level where we will have a 100,000 megawatt or 100 gigawatts by 2030 and the economy growing at the rate of about 7 per cent annually,” he said.
Bala, who said the legal mandate of the commission is to produce strategic plans and coordinate national policies, stressed that “for you to have something, you must plan for it.
“If you look at the strategic plans we have produced, we produced energy master plan and in particular with respect to electricity generation.
“We were the first to articulate the various energy mix including what I have told you; renewable and also the nuclear.
“We made a plan in such a manner that we project by 2030, if the economy is to grow at 7 per cent, we need nothing less than 100 gigawatts of electricity capacity.
“And also, you know our politicians want the economy to grow by double digit. If the economy is to grow by double digit, we need nothing less than 300 gigawatts by 2030.
“I think knowing what you want is a very important thing. If you don't know what you want, you are going nowhere,” he said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Birmingham Mail is a robust and combative popular title that fiercely champions the interests of Brummies.
We hold the powerful to account and pursue fraudsters, child abusers and the corrupt to bring their misdeeds to the public eye.
We take our legal and ethical obligations very seriously and strive to resolve all and any complaints to the satisfaction of the complainant.
However, we also, like every regional title, face extraordinary and unprecedented financial pressures from structural changes in advertising revenues and behavioural changes by consumers.
We are making great strides in meeting those challenges, but our margins remain squeezed more than ever before, and cost savings over the past ten years have seen our editorial resources reduced considerably.
(Photo: Jonathan Hipkiss)
We are part of Trinity Mirror plc, but each local centre has to be profitable in its own right, and there is no central fund, or ‘get out of jail free' card, to fall back on.
We therefore have to manage – and pay for – our own risks, including those potential legal costs incurred by actions arising from our investigative and campaigning journalism.
We subscribe to the editors' code and regulation under IPSO, and follow that body's stringent regime to resolve complaints.
Most complaints that come directly to us are resolved quickly and amicably with the complainant, usually by amending online articles and / or publishing corrections and clarifications.
Complaints that go directly to IPSO are also usually settled directly with the complainant. Since IPSO's founding, the Birmingham Mail has been subject to five IPSO investigations, only one of which was partially upheld, and was resolved through the publication of a correction.
I can find no record of the Birmingham Mail in modern times having to defend a libel case in court.
Were Section 40 to be enabled, however, I seriously fear the impact on our ability to continue to report in the way I have described.
The sanction which would see us liable for all costs in a case, even if we won, would in my view incentivise complainants to bypass existing informal and formal routes to trigger litigation immediately. Just one small action resulting in a costs award of £100,000 could lead to irreparable harm to our finances. Any more may well be fatal.
A parent group rightly expects subsidiary businesses to be profitable, and couldn't sustain such a continued attack on its viability. Even the threat of such an action in the early stages of a journalistic investigation, pre-publication, could well deter us from further enquiries.
IPSO as a regulator is supported by the industry and informed by a code drawn up by practising editors, both requirements made by Leveson.
The alternative body satisfies neither of these criteria, leaving the whole industry exposed to risk that will have a chilling effect on the freedom of the press.
Leaving aside that all of the substantive matters investigated by Leveson involved law-breaking, it should be noted that not one regional or local newspaper has ever even been accused of the kinds of practices that were central to that enquiry.
Hundreds of such titles, all vital to the well-being of their communities, are now threatened with completely unfair and disproportionate sanctions that represent a serious threat to an industry that contributes so much to community cohesion in the UK.
Leveson called for ‘voluntary and independent' self-regulation, but the proposed model of a state-sanctioned regulator is a step in entirely the opposite direction.
Not one publication or publisher of any industry significance has played any part in the formation of the alternative regulator, and its funding by an individual with a proven vested interest in stifling the press makes its independence questionable to say the least.
Moreover, the prospect of submitting to state-sponsored regulation wipes out two centuries of press freedom in the UK.
That is a line that, for the sake of our readers, the Birmingham Mail will not cross.
LiDAR — Light Detection And Ranging — has been in the news as an accurate and detailed image-generating technology that can reveal long-lost archaeological sites. LiDAR data has allowed researchers to locate immense sites hidden in the lush forest, among them Terraces at Caracol, major temples in Honduras, and now a city of grand proportions in Cambodia.
These discoveries are important, but the continuing challenge with LiDAR data is to understand the subtlety and the nuances of the landscape.
At El Pilar in Belize and Guatemala, most of the major architecture has been mapped by traditional archaeological survey methods. It is here where we are using LiDAR to understand the land-use patterns of the Maya houses and forest gardens that were so important to the city's prosperity.
With a generous donation of LiDAR data from Mayaniquel/Anfield Nickel that covered the 8 square miles of the binational El Pilar Archaeological Reserve for Maya Flora and Fauna, we used raster elevation models to scrutinize the imagery of the areas surrounding major monuments. This is the perfect project in which to develop the field strategies for this novel technology. We can highlight targets on the LiDAR image and use the Global Positioning System (GPS) to validate the location in the field.
We began our work the end of April and within a month had an initial review of the core area of El Pilar. Using our survey maps of the residential zones and LiDAR models, we were able to identifiy areas for survey with coordinates that we plugged into our GPS units. Crews specializing in terrain and vegetation led by Hugo Bihr of the elite school ESGT in Le Mans, France, were followed by crews focused on archaeology with Guatemala specialist Paulino Morales. Centering on these targeted areas, we worked to refine our methods and interpretations of the imagery.
Our international team combed 140 hectares around the monuments to determine the nature of cultural and ecological features and clarify characteristics that came from the image processing. As we initially reviewed our spatial models, the large structures were obvious. We discovered a magnificent citadel in the east, accurately located mapped temples that were on the peripheries, and detected the configuration of the offset causeway that links both monumental complexes and both countries. The remarkable accuracy of the LiDAR data allowed us to update our mapping records to reflect the precise locations of each architectural monument.
The most significant results are the details in LiDAR detection that focus on small remains of Maya housing settlements. These remnants of Maya life indicate how the Maya affected the landscape. Ancient Maya house sites were identified as formal and informal groups on hilltops, elevated on plazas and adjacent to major quarries on sides of hill slopes. Everywhere there are trees that mark the useful composition of the Maya forest: copal, allspice, chicozapote, ramon, corozo, cedar and mahogany. As an added bonus, on top of the utility and practicality of the forest lies beauty and wonder in a drapery of vanilla orchids.
A particularly interesting discovery was the intricacy of water management features. We found a number of rock alignments directing water and terraces that would slow water across slight slopes. The water features used the natural topography to accentuate water movements, taking advantage of water flow. We also identified a sunken plaza construction that links the major causeway. There is a small ball-court like plaza elevated in the midst of this sunken feature. These revealed structures are unique features of the El Pilar site and raise questions as to their use and meaning within the ancient Maya culture.
At each location we itemized the local trees, recorded the nature of the terrain, and listed the nature of the canopy and understory to compare with the LIDAR data itself. This information is now being compiled into our Geographic Information System at UC Santa Barbara known as the Maya Forest GIS. From these data we will be able to use LiDAR technology to compare and contrast field verification of cultural characteristics, natural features and vegetation. These methods will also give us a better understanding of how we can use LiDAR in our future field projects. While you can see much in the LiDAR images, the reality of walking on the ground brings everything together.
— Anabel Ford Ph.D. is the director of UC Santa Barbara's MesoAmerican Research Center and president of Exploring Solutions Past. Ford, UCSB's resident expert on Maya archaeology, discovered the ancient Maya city-center El Pilar, which bridges Belize and Guatemala. By decoding the ancient landscape around El Pilar, she is creating a sustainable model in conservation and agriculture that can regenerate the threatened Maya forest. With investment and support, her model can assist environmental efforts worldwide. Click here for more information on El Pilar. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
DENVER: Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. US District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he e-mailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
DENVER: Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. US District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he e-mailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
Caroline Garcia inflicted more misery on Maria Sharapova by consigning the former world number one to a first-round defeat at the Stuttgart Open on Tuesday.
Sharapova split with long-time coach Sven Groeneveld after losing to Naomi Osaka in the opening round at Indian Wells last month and withdrew from the Miami Open due to a forearm injury.
The fit-again 31-year-old this week spoke of her desire to add to her tally of five grand slam titles, but has not won a match since the Australian Open after Garcia consigned the Russian to a 3-6 7-6 (8-6) 6-4 defeat in her first clay-court match of the season.
Maria Sharapova posted the numbers, but Caroline Garcia posts the win. Great poise from Garcia in the final two sets to get her 1st win over Sharapova in 5 meetings. Plays Kostyuk next @PorscheTennis.https://t.co/5iuoGoi90g pic.twitter.com/bUw9FuoMB4 — WTA Insider (@WTA_insider) April 24, 2018
Sixth seed Garcia had never beaten Sharapova in their previous four encounters, but finally got the better of the world number 41 - a three-time champion in Stuttgart - seven years after their first meeting at the French Open.
SHARAPOVA: "I STRIVE TO BE ON THE BIG STAGE"
Wildcard entry Sharapova blasted down 17 aces and won 76 per cent of points on her first serve, but squandered a 2-0 lead in the final set to suffer an early exit.
Garcia was jumping for joy when Sharapova drilled a forehand wide and the world number seven can now look forward to a second-round clash with Marta Kostyuk, who defeated Antonia Lottner 6-4 6-1.
Fifth seed Karolina Pliskova eased to a 6-2 6-2 victory over Kiki Bertens and will be up against either Veronika Kudermetova or Carla Suarez Navarro in round two.
MIAMI (WSVN) - Trump is visiting Miami to discuss a “change in policy” with Cuba.
He is scheduled to speak at the Manuel Artime Theater in Little Havana, Friday.
The president is expected to roll back some former president Obama's changes to relations between the two countries.
Changes could include tightening some restrictions on those who travel to or do business with Cuba.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu chairs the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem on February 12, 2017. / AFP PHOTO / GALI TIBBON
Occupied Jerusalem: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who warmly welcomed Donald Trump's election as US president, will visit the White House on Wednesday to test his supportive campaign pledges against emerging policy.
Since taking office, Trump has edged away from unqualified backing for Netanyahu's drive for more Jewish colonisation in territory the Palestinians claim for a state, and also from a pledge to move the American embassy from Tel Aviv to Occupied Jerusalem.
Observers say the embassy relocation promise would likely not be fulfilled but Netanyahu will likely test his wiggling room on colonies.
The prospect of a Trump rethink challenges the hopes of the colonist lobby, a driving force in Netanyahu's right-wing coalition government, and others on the Israeli right who want to see at least partial annexation of the Occupied West Bank.
In an interview published on Friday in the pro-Netanyahu daily Israel Hayom, Trump said colony growth was not “good for peace”.
Netanyahu has announced more than 5,000 colony homes since Trump's January 20 inauguration, as well as the first new colony for more than 20 years.
Around 600,000 Israelis currently live in colonies in the occupied West Bank and occupied East Jerusalem, communities considered illegal by the United Nations and most world powers.
“For (the past) three weeks Donald Trump has been speaking differently,” said Michael Oren, deputy minister in charge of diplomacy in Netanyahu's office.
Netanyahu himself said at Sunday's weekly cabinet meeting that strengthening Israel's ties with its historic ally “requires a responsible and considered policy, and that is how I intend to act”.
“I have navigated Israeli-US relations in a prudent manner and I will continue to do so now,” he told ministers and media.
His comments may have been aimed at education minister and staunch colony backer Naftali Bennett, of the far-right Jewish Home party.
On Sunday, Bennett urged Netanyahu “not to miss a historic opportunity” provided by Trump's election and to drop his declared support for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
“Netanyahu, please make it clear to Trump in our name: There will not be a Palestinian state in the heart of our land,” he wrote on Twitter. “It will not happen.”
Such ministerial statements ahead of the White House meeting “can only sabotage our relationship with Donald Trump”, said a senior Israeli official, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Oren said Netanyahu should not discard the two-state option, which envisions a Palestinian state alongside Israel.
“Benjamin Netanyahu must present the two-state solution as a vision, and sketch pending possible interim agreements acceptable to the Palestinians,” he said.
Netanyahu will expect to find a friendly ear on the subject of Israel's arch-foe Iran.
“Iran seeks to annihilate Israel, it says so openly, it seeks to conquer the Middle East, it threatens Europe, it threatens the West, it threatens the world,” he said last week at a meeting in London with British Prime Minister Theresa May.
He bitterly opposed former president Barack Obama's backing of a 2015 deal between Tehran and the major powers.
The agreement obliged Iran to curtail its nuclear programme and halt any nuclear weapons research in exchange for relief from US and international sanctions.
Trump has called it the “worst deal ever negotiated”.
All eyes are on Alabama before Tuesdays vote for the United States Senate. Will it be Roy Moore or Doug Jones? Reporter Leada Gore joins Lars to give her insight.
The post LISTEN: Reporter Leada Gore – Who's The Favorite To Win Tomorrows Senate Race In Alabama? appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
Mark Anthony Barriga. Photo by Ryan Songalia
NEW YORK – After becoming the mandatory challenger for the IBF strawweight title, Mark Anthony Barriga and team now must wait for their opportunity.
Barriga didn't need to get out of first gear to defeat Gabriel Mendoza, on May 13, to win the elimination fight in Quezon City, Philippines, shutting out the heavy-handed Colombian on two cards and winning 11 on the third. The fight earned him a shot at Hiroto Kyoguchi (10-0, 7 knockouts), who retained his title for a second time on May 20, getting off the canvas to defeat Vince Paras by unanimous decision.
Sean Gibbons, the matchmaker for MP Promotions, says the mandatory isn't due until July 31, and that he'll send an offer to Kyoguchi's promoter Watanabe Promotions, but doesn't expect a deal to come before the fight heads to purse bid.
“I wish the timing was a little closer. I wish we were coming up on the mandatory on the 31st of this month, then we could get aggressive and try to make things happen,” said Gibbons last week, in Fresno, California, where Barriga's stablemate Jerwin Ancajas was defending his IBF junior bantamweight title.
“The timing's kind of bad because Mark just fought and we'd like to get him in the ring in September for the world title. But if we have to wait to do a purse bid some time around August 10th, then that pushes us back. When you win a purse bid for a fight of that magnitude, you need at least 60 to 70 real good days for (Philippine-based ESPN partner) TV5 to promote it.”
Barriga (9-0, 1 KO) had been one of the Philippines' top amateur fighters, having competed at the 2012 Olympics in London, and fighting for the Italia Thunder in the 2013-14 season for World Series of Boxing. The 24-year-old from Panabo City, Philippines, is just the second Filipino Olympian this century to turn pro, and has been a tough opponent to land a punch on due to his slick-moving southpaw style.
“You don't see too many Filipinos with that Ivan Calderon, Vasyl Lomachenko, Mayweather style. That style, not a lot of guys do that in any country. He reminds me a little of the great Ivan Calderon; he does a lot of things like that. Ivan was a little more advanced, at this point; I think. Mark, as he gets more experience, he won't have to move as much; he can just lay in the pocket and do things. I really think that's style is going to be really difficult,” said Gibbons.
“I don't think the Japanese have seen a Mark Barriga; not a lot of people have.”
While Gibbons, with the backing of ESPN5, says he'd like to see the Kyoguchi-Barriga fight happen in the Philippines. Barriga himself would prefer to have the fight take place in a neutral country, so no one would have any excuses about hometown verdicts afterward.
“If you ask me, I'd rather it not is in Japan or the Philippines. I would want to to be in a neutral country with neutral referees. No one blaming each other, win or lose, we have to accept that. If we lose, then that means we gotta work harder. We shouldn't be a bad loser; we have to be a sport about it,” said Barriga.
“If we do it in Japan, and let's say the actual fight was a win for us but we didn't get a KO, then we'll lose when they make the decision. The same goes for the Philippines; there are judges like that. But if we do it in a neutral country, then I think the judges will decide fairly and not take sides.
Barriga admits his trainer Joven Jimenez offered some critiques of his performance against Mendoza, who is a two-time title challenger, and that he has taken them to heart as lessons for the future.
“He saw improvements that needed to be made. Coach Joven always gives it to me straight. It doesn't matter if he'll upset me; he'll tell me what I need to do,” said Barriga.
Gibbons, who is currently at the IBF Convention in Italy, says he's yet to see Barriga need to take it to the next level as a pro but looks forward to seeing someone bring it out of him, once he gets a serious test.
“If you're slow on your feet and just plodding along, you're not gonna see Mark all night long. It'll be really interesting to see (Barriga against) a top-notch guy; we'll really find out how good Mark is. Mark can be a lot better than what we saw out there because Mark was in cruise control (against Mendoza) because it was so easy,” said Gibbons.
“Now when he gets in with a real guy, we'll see; we don't know. We have an idea of what he can do. We know that he's experienced but until you get that signature fight, then we'll find out.”
Struggling to locate a copy of THE RING Magazine? Try here or
Subscribe
You can order the current issue, which is on newsstands, or back issues from our subscribe page.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leeds United fans do not want to see the back of Pablo Hernandez this summer amid Garry Monk's reported interest in the attacker.
Former Elland Road boss Monk is interested in reuniting with Hernandez at Birmingham City according to national reports.
Hernandez, 32, is out of contract at the end of the season and has not yet been offered fresh terms to extend his stay in Yorkshire.
Monk coached him at both Swansea and Leeds - and Whites supporters are hoping the pair won't go on to link up for a third time later this year.
Here's what they have been saying on social media.
Matt Rellaw: I'll go insane if we let Hernandez leave to Monk at Birmingham
LeedsUtdRyan: Maybe it will come to the point where Leeds don't give Pablo Hernandez a new deal at the club & use the wages on new signings... He's certainly worth the £15k a week.
Daniel Lloyd-Tompkin: If Pablo Hernandez leaves Leeds United I'll cry
Chris Shallcross: @andrearadri @LUFC will you get Pablo Hernandez signed up on a 2 year contract now! Before we lose him!
Matt James: If we let Pablo Hernández go to Birmingham City I'm done with this Football Club.
Charles Toher: Be amazed if he stays at our circus. Birmingham stays up, he's gone.
Joe Urquhart: Thought today perhaps more than any other game emphasized the need for Leeds to keep Pablo Hernandez at the club after the summer.
Tom: If Radz can't see it's a must we offer new contract to Pablo Hernandez NOW!! . God forbid what kind of team we'll be putting out next season. Appreciate what he has done, buy back ER, but he needs to re-think his plan. Get a decent scouting recruitment advisor(s).!
More: Wes watch
During the 3-0 victory over Hull City Wes Harding became the latest player from the Birmingham City youth set-up to graduate to Championship football, writes Brian Dick.
The youngster gave a convincing display as a Championship right back in the white-out at St Andrew's and white heat of a relegation battle.
Garry Monk had enough belief in the untested rookie to pick him ahead of Arsenal loan man - and former England cap - Carl Jenkinson.
This is how Harding got here and where he goes from now.
Who is he?
A young defender who was born in Leicester 21-years ago. He has been at Blues for around five years and has come through the Under 18s and 23s - both of whom he captained. He had two substitute appearances of the bench in the EFL Cup earlier this season before starting on Saturday.
What's his background?
Harding had a few trials for Leicester's academy but ended up joining Coventry's, from where he was released at Under 14s.
Then it was on to Villa where he spent just over a year but wasn't awarded a scholarship. Thankfully Blues had spotted him and he moved across the city at 16.
Since then he's come through squads managed by Steve Spooner and Richard Beale and has been a vocal captain virtually every step of the way.
Gary Rowett took him to Marbella in 2015 but no first team appearances materialised.
He had a loan spell at non-league Alfreton at the start of last season but picked up a knee injury.
In his determination to show he could cut it in senior football he played on and suffered a more serious set-back.
The breakthrough
He started to get more recognition in the summer, when Harry Redknapp used him in a pre-season game at Kidderminster and then started him in the final warm-up match against Swansea.
His first team debut came off the bench for the final half hour against Crawley in August. He then played 70 minutes against Bournemouth after Emilio Nsue went off injured.
Steve Cotterill kept him around the squad and since his arrival Monk has extended opportunities to several young players in first team training.
After a stuttering performance by Jenkinson at Cardiff the manager made the bold decision to give Harding a full Championship debut at home to Hull.
How did he do?
Really well. It took him several minutes to get into the game - but he announced his presence in uncompromising style - a very heavy sliding tackle on Liverpool loan youngster Harry Wilson.
It was probably worth a yellow-and-a-half, but he survived and grew into the game and Wilson became more and more peripheral.
His pass completion rate of 68.8% was the highest for Blues defenders and he matched or bettered fellow full back Maxime Colin in terms of headers, clearances and crosses. His swinging centre was just too high for Lukas Jutkiewicz.
In the second half he swept up really well on a couple of occasions and showed a willingness to get forward. All in all - very positive
The manager
Garry Monk insisted he never had any qualms about throwing Harding into the fray.
“I never have any doubts in situations like that. I have shown it at all the clubs I have been at,” Monk said.
“To me the situation doesn't matter. If I feel that a player is good enough and ready enough I will never have any fear of that.
“I made the decision because I felt with Hull scoring the goals they have scored in recent games, the threats that their wingers pose, Wes brings that bit of pace and tenacity to his defending.
“Especially with that early booking as well. I thought he showed good maturity to handle that afterwards. I will never have any fear of throwing a young player in.
“I will continue to do that.
“I am very pleased for him and for the team. He did very, very well. You have to give players trust whoever they are, senior pros or players starting out in their careers.”
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
What did he say himself?
Asked by Blues TV if he'd be busting a gut to keep his place for the Ipswich game, Harding was unequivocal: “Yes, 100 per cent. That's the aim now. We have got the three points and the clean sheet but when we start next week that will be out of the way and the focus will shift to the next game - and I want to be involved.
“The clean slate has lifted everyone's spirits. Straight away you have got everyone involved, which is a good thing. The team morale is there, we can keep getting points now. Everybody is confident that we will do it.”
And that tackle? “That wasn't in the script at all! I thought I could get the ball. I think I took an extra step which is what gave him time to move the ball away.
“Straight away off the cuff I thought ‘Oh my gosh, let me relax, go back to the basics'. And that's what I did."
Social media support
What next?
Wilson had been earning rave reviews for Hull with some suggestions he would go back to Liverpool and challenge for first team game-time.
However, key for Harding is keeping his place in the side. Jenkinson is fit, Josh Dacres-Cogley is an option at right back - and Monk could use Maxime Colin there if he has faith in an alternative left back.
He's got two weeks to continue to impress before the meeting with Ipswich on March 31.
After that there could be reunions with Will Buckley at Bolton and Burton's Lloyd Dyer and clashes with Bristol City's Jamie Paterson and Ivan Cavaleiro/Barry Douglas at Wolves.
He's under contract for until the summer of 2020 so doesn't have that worry hanging over his head.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
CORAL GABLES (CBSMiami) – Coral Gables police are investigating an officer-involved shooting right in front of the University of Miami campus on Tuesday night.
A portion of Ponce de Leon Boulevard was closed off to traffic Tuesday night as detectives gathered evidence.
Police said it all started at around 6:45 p.m. when an automatic license plate reader alerted police of a stolen Toyota Camry.
The Camry was heading south on US-1 when it jumped a median to try and evade police.
“Officers on the south end from the Coral Gables Police Department converged on this vehicle,” explained Coral Gables Police Department spokesperson Kelly Denham. “That's when he took an evasive move, crossed over the grassy median between US-1 and Ponce, as they run parallel, and that's when he headed straight for that officer who discharged his firearm.”
Police said the Camry continued to flee westbound on Ponce de Leon Boulevard where he struck two other vehicles, coming to final rest by the UM baseball field.
“The suspect exited his vehicle and attempted to flee on foot, into the UM baseball field. Our officers gave pursuit on foot and apprehended him without incident,” Denham said.
Police have not released any information on the suspect.
Officer Denham said the suspect was not struck by any bullets but he did suffer minor injuries from the crash.
The people in the other two vehicles also had some minor injuries.
An officer suffered a broken hand. He was treated at the hospital and released.
WASHINGTON, D.C. (NEXSTAR) – The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) says It's ready to process millions of American's tax returns.
But with the possibility of another government showdown only a few days away, could your tax refund be in limbo?
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnunchin said despite rumors of delays, tax refund checks will go out starting this month.
“Our expectation is that we will begin paying refunds in February,” Mnunchin said.
The IRS estimates that 70 percent of filers will get a refund this year and that most taxpayers can expect a check within three weeks from filing.
After you file your taxes, there's a quick and free way to see the status of your refund.
On the IRS's website, you can log in to see the date your refund is scheduled to be sent to your bank.
Officials admit that there are two potential problems that could delay refunds.
First, America faces another potential government shutdown on February 8.
The Congressional Budget Office said, however, that even if the government stays open, the Treasury Department is already running out of money.
Recent tax cuts mean that the government is collecting 10 to 15 billion less a month.
Secretary Mnunchin said the fix rests with Congress.
“We've always raised the debt ceiling. It's always been done,” he said. “I think there's a understanding we don't want to hurt the credit of the United States.”
If Congress refuses, the government won't be able to pay its bill, including tax refunds.
Maryland Senator Chris Van Hollen said lawmakers and the public need to realize what's at stake.
“If we don't do this, it's like saying that we're not going to pay the mortgage on our home, even though we've already purchased the home,” he said.
Secretary Mnunchin said he's confident that Congress will agree to raise the debt ceiling, but he's urging lawmakers to do it sooner, rather than later.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heartless fraudster from Derby stole £36,000 from her own housebound mother and blew it all gambling.
Mum-of-three Sally Fowkes took out two loans in the name of her mum after she had been left her in charge of her finances following death of her husband, Fowkes father.
The 43-year-old took out a £14,000 loan with Tesco and a £22,000 with NatWest and then moved out of the family home in Lodge Lane, Spondon, and within months had spent all the cash on gambling.
(Image: Martin Naylor)
The crime was only detected when Fowkes mother “tried to top up her mobile phone only to find out her bank account was empty”.
But despite the “abuse of trust” she has been spared an immediate prison term and is still living with her mother in Spondon.
Handing Fowkes a 12-month jail term, suspended for two years, Judge Ebraham Mooncey said: “Your advocate has put forward the circumstances that presented themselves at the time of this offence.
“He has outlined the terminal illness and the subsequent death of your father and your inability to cope with life.
“You took the money and absented yourself to another part of the country and in the intervening period you developed a gambling addiction. But the probation service have assessed you and said you present a low risk of re-offending.”
(Image: Martin Naylor)
Lucky Thandi, prosecuting at Derby Crown Court, said Fowkes father - who sorted out the household finances- died in 2013 following an illness.
She said shortly afterwards her mother - who had been housebound for the previous 18 years - gave her the authority to take on her financial responsibilities.
Miss Thandi said: “On January 7, 2015 she applied for a loan at NatWest in the name of her mother and made a second application to Tesco bank on February 15, 2015.
“In September 2015, her mother tried to top up her mobile phone and found that her bank account was empty.
“Natwest looked into this and it was discovered that the defendant had applied for the two loans in her mother's name, forging her signature to do so.
“Following on from this the defendant moved away from Derby but under suspicion she returned to Derby on a voluntary basis to be interviewed by the police.”
Miss Thandi said Fowkes admitted she had taken out the loans in her mother's name and had spent the money on online gambling.
She pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud and the hearing was told how she has since began to repay the money she took.
Justin Ablott, mitigating, said his client had a grown up son and two young girls who are aged 12 and five.
He said she had been carrying out seasonal work for Marks and Spencer in the run-up to Christmas and is now hoping to secure a full-time job with the supermarket giant.
Mr Ablott said: “Her father became terminally ill in 2013 and she assisted in caring for him and her mother at that time.
“Frankly, she did not cope very well at all with that and started visiting online gambling websites and that's a very easy way to spend an awful lot of money.
“She is now back living with her mother and she is thoroughly ashamed of what she has done.
“She buried her head in the sand and failed in her responsibilities.”
As well as the suspended jail term, Fowkes was ordered to pay £4,800 compensation and to carry out 12 rehabilitation activity requirement days under the supervision of the probation service.
Threats by oil workers union under the aegis of National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) to shut down the sector may affect the already troubled supply and distribution of petrol across cities in the country, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) warned on Friday.
The NNPC therefore begged the leadership of the union to reconsider the 15-day industrial action ultimatum it reportedly issued the federal government over what it described as lingering labour related issues in Nigeria's oil and gas industry.
The Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Dr. Maikanti Baru, made this appeal to the union in Abuja, where vehicular queues for petrol have resurfaced at service stations across the city.
A statement from the Group General Manager, Public Affairs of the corporation, Mr. Ndu Ughamadu, quoted Baru, to have expressed concern over the possible effects of the ultimatum on petroleum products supply and distribution chain in the country.
Baru stated that the NUPENG's threat could compound the current hiccups over which he said concerted efforts were being taken to bring under control.
He appealed to the union leadership to exercise patience to enable government address the issues they raised.
NUPENG had in a January 31, statement given a 15-day ultimatum to government over six labour issues between some of its members and their respective companies.
Baru however counseled that NUPENG should strive to maintain the harmonious industrial relations he said had brought about stability in the industry, reminding its leadership of how critical the petroleum sector was to the nation's economy.
Similarly, the NNPC statement stated that the Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD) Branch of NUPENG had assured the corporation of its neutrality in the planned strike action.
NNPC said that PTD Chairman, Otunba Oladiti Salman, spoke with Ughamadu, and assured him that the purported ultimatum to government by NUPENG over the state of some roads in the country was a ruse.
Salman, according to the statement said PTD strongly disowned the statement which has been trending in the social media, saying the misinformation was a calculated attempt by mischief makers to cause panic in the country.
The PTD chairman disclosed that his union was on the same page with government, having had a parley on Thursday in Abuja with the Minister of Works, Housing and Power, Mr. Babatunde Fashola, where he noted comprehensive reports of on-going repairs and reconstructions of damaged highways were discussed.
Salman, also explained that at the meeting, the union was reassured by the comprehensive reports of all the on-going repairs and reconstruction of the damaged highways in parts of the country, in addition to the promise of commencement of palliative works on them. He informed that PTD would continue to champion the interests of its members always.
Meanwhile, queues for petrol had returned to service stations in the city, with stations in Wuse 2, Maitama, Kubwa Expressway, Asokoro, Garki, and Utako areas of the city heavily packed with vehicles waiting to buy.
At the Conoil and Total stations opposite the corporate headquarters of the NNPC, queues were as long as they were in December 2017, when the situation was extremely biting. The same situation was observed along the Kubwa Expressway where NNPC Retail station and other stations were equally filled with vehicles.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Argyll South Pony Club held its first dressage winter points event at Tarbert Arena on Sunday December 3.
Many of the club's events had been postponed due to recent bad weather, so competitors enjoyed a competition on a dry crisp winter day.
The arena was in perfect order as 16 riders demonstrated their equestrian skills for judge Debbie Hay Thorburn. In the morning session there had been some tuition from Sheila MacCallum as the riders worked on their control of paces and transitions.
New member Jake Rowan rode his first test to win the lead rein class and Josephine Boase riding Valerie had the highest score of the day at 69 per cent.
Many Argylls Riding Club members joined in the competition and demand for entry was so high that there was a waiting list. Catriona Ryan and Dony were the winners in the riding club section and the day ended perfectly on time as the last competitor entered the arena at 3.30pm just as dusk fell.
The next winter points will be early February with competitors encouraged to keep an eye on the club website updates on events. Argyll South Pony Club would like to wish all members and friends a Merry Christmas.
Results
Lead Rein:
1 Jake Rowan – Alice
Novalegro Pony Club:
1 Zoe Prentice – Cowal
2 Rebecca Baillie – Brooklyn
3 Willow Ryan – Minstrel
4 Isla McShannon – Coley
5 Michelle McAloon– Eclipse
Novalegro Riding Club:
1 Catriona Ryan – Donie
2 Julie Sloan – Jack
3 Dianne Smith – Fergus
4 Kirsten Rennie – Brie
Intuthopia Pony Club and Riding Club
1 Josephine Boase – Valerie
2 Jadie Baillie – Cruise
3 Toni Stewart – Lily
4 Jenny Blackwell – Sparky
5 Shelagh Oakes – Pery
PIC:
Jadie Baillie on Cruise, strutting their stuff. no_a50dressagecomp01
DETROIT (AP) — Blake Griffin's first few days with the Detroit Pistons were a bit of a whirlwind.
Detroit was able to win two close games with him, but coach Stan Van Gundy sees a lot of room for improvement.
“I've got to get it figured out offensively,” Van Gundy said. “I'm not helping him or us a lot. You could actually see today in the early fourth quarter, we were actually a lot smoother when he was out because we were just playing.
“I've got this great player now, and so we're just sort of playing to him all the time, and the defense is all loaded up.”
Andre Drummond had 23 points and 20 rebounds, and Griffin made a key 3-pointer in the final minute to lift the Pistons to a 111-107 victory over the Miami Heat on Saturday night. Whatever Van Gundy's issues were with the offense, they didn't prevent Detroit from scoring 35 points in the final quarter.
#MIAvsDET Final: HEAT 107 – Pistons 111. Dragic 33pts (4-6 3PT FG) 6asts, Olynyk 19pts 8rebs 5asts, Richardson 19pts 5asts, J. Johnson 18pts (7-12 FG), 6asts 5rebs 2stls, Ellington 11pts 5rebs 3stls. pic.twitter.com/5AXjPyljv2 — Miami HEAT (@MiamiHEAT) February 4, 2018
Ish Smith added 25 points for the Pistons, including a late 3-pointer of his own. Detroit has won three in a row, the last two with Griffin in the lineup after acquiring him in a trade .
Griffin's 3-pointer with 44 seconds to play put the Pistons ahead 108-101, but Goran Dragic responded with a four-point play, making a 3-pointer while being fouled with 32 seconds left. Detroit ran the clock down on the next possession, and Smith sank his only 3-point attempt of the game, from the right corner with 14 seconds to play.
“We played that the way we wanted, but Griffin made the pass and Smith stepped up and hit the 3,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. “It doesn't matter if he's not known as a 3-point shooter, he made that one when they really needed it.”
Dragic scored 33 points for the Heat, who have lost three in a row. Miami was without center Hassan Whiteside, who was out with an illness.
Smith, who has struggled at times while trying to replace injured point guard Reggie Jackson, went 11 of 14 from the field and finished three points shy of his career high. His previous season high was 19 points.
Griffin had 16 points, nine rebounds and seven assists.
“Just a little more tired today — the adrenaline wore off a little bit, just the toll of the week,” Griffin said. “It's amazing to see all these guys step up and play so well.”
TIP-INS
Heat: Olynyk and Josh Richardson scored 19 points for the Heat, and James Johnson added 18.
Pistons: Langston Galloway scored 13 points, surpassing 2,000 for his career. … Detroit was without G Luke Kennard (foot) and G Dwight Buycks (illness).
BIG NIGHT
Drummond had at least 20 points and 20 rebounds for the sixth time this season. He has 19 20-20 games since 2012-13.
He also had four steals, four blocks and six turnovers. He was the first player with at least 20 points, 20 rebounds, four steals and four blocks since Hakeem Olajuwon on Dec. 22, 1989.
IMPORTANT EDGE
Drummond and Griffin had nearly as many rebounds as the entire Miami team, and the Pistons finished with a 49-33 advantage in that category.
“They are really tough, because they've got two of the best rebounders in the league, especially Drummond,” Olynyk said. “You have to stop him, and then you've got to stop Griffin, who has all that strength and that vertical leap. You have to find a way, but it isn't easy.”
UP NEXT
Heat: Host the Orlando Magic on Monday night.
Pistons: Host the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday night.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Beards and facial hair are the ultimate easy accessory for men. And luckily, the beard trend is not going anywhere any time soon. For many guys, growing and maintaining facial hair is a fun and new experience that allows them to experiment with a unique look at a low-level commitment. Don't like it? Trim it. Trim too much? Just wait a few weeks.
And an essential extra for every fella, even ones that only like to play with a little scruff from time-to-time, is a beard trimmer. Unlike a general shaver, beard and hair trimmers are less expensive and come with specialized attachments to help achieve the exact look and style they're going for. A good trimmer allows for more precision, easier contouring, and added flexibility in a smaller, more travel-ready size.
With the seemingly endless option of trimmers available, it may be difficult to decide which one is the right choice for the right price. Fortunately, we've done some digging and found ten fantastic models that run the gamut from better-with-bells-and-whistles, to simple-yet-efficient-steals. Our list starts with those less expensive selections and works its way up to the pricier picks.
1. JTrim Rechargeable Beard Trimmer
Nothing fancy here, just a quality model that cuts hair cleanly and smoothly. While it's quite basic in looks and performance, it still feels substantial in hand with a nice weight. The rechargeable battery also holds a long charge and the model sits neatly in its compact stand while charging, or simply when not in use. Its adjustable comb comes with six settings that can change by sliding up or down. The JTrim Rechargeable Beard Trimmer is a nice choice for any guy that likes to keep things short and simple, yet sometimes scruffy too.
Price: $19.77
Pros:
Efficient
Built-in adjustable comb
Rechargeable/Cordless
Under $20
Cons:
Limited to six settings/six style lengths
Adjustable comb a bit tricky to use
2. Remington All-in-1 Grooming Kit
Small, but mighty sums up the Remington All-in-1 Trimmer. This pint-sized powerhouse comes with eight attachments including full-size trimmer, foil shaver, nose, ear and detail trimmer as well as three beard and stubble combs. It features self-sharpening, surgical steel blades and textured grips for a comfortable hold and added control. The handy storage pouch also makes this ideal for the man-on-the-go—simply pack it up and throw into a gym bag, carry-on or backpack. The price is right too, ringing in under $20.
It's also available in a blue, waterproof model, with body hair function for $28.77, or 10-piece kit for $29.99.
Price: $19.97
Pros:
Efficient
Self-sharpening blades
Textured grips
Rechargeable/cordless
Under $20
Cons:
Making adjustments/changing attachments can be difficult
Battery life not as long as expected
3. Philips Norelco Multigroom
If you're looking for a utilitarian model that won't break the bank, the Philips Norelco Multigroom is a great get. For under twenty bucks it comes with five attachments and trimming tools. From full trimmer, to detail trimmer, nose trimmer, beard and mustache trimmer or even stubble comb, this model has it covered. It also has numerous settings to help anyone achieve multiple looks. Another great plus? It's high performing, rechargeable battery keeps things cord-free, allowing for total facial masterpiece focus.
Price: $19.99
Pros:
Upscale look and feel
Multiple settings
Rechargeable/cordless
Under $20
Cons:
No storage bag
No charging stand
4. Wahl Power Pro
Don't let the fact that this is a corded model deter you—the extra long connection still offers all the flexibility one needs while never having to worry about recharging. This is another compact piece that excels at the details, like shaping a beard around the lower lip or goatee area. The Power Pro's strength also helps it plow through even the coarsest bristles without any pulling. While it allows for 17 trimming lengths, its army of attachments may be a bit much. But hey, it's nice to have options.
Price: $29.99
Pros:
Comes with 17 attachments
Won't lose its ability to charge like some cordless models
Blade oil included
Storage case included
Cons:
Corded
Attachments don't accommodate very short lengths
5. Braun Beard/Hair Trimmer
The Braun Beard/Hair Trimmer is the ideal scruff sidekick for those who are meticulous about their mugs. Its two detachable trimming combs provide 39 precision length settings (yes, 39!) between 1-20mm. So whether one likes to keep things short and neat or long and burly, each setting allows for 0.5mm change to get expert results. Another great perk of those 39 settings? The right setting means less tugging, which is always a great thing. Combine these aspects with the fact that its fully washable for easy cleaning, and boasts blades to last a lifetime, the Braun Beard/Hair Trimmer really is the whole package.
Price: $29.99
Pros:
39 settings
No oil needed
Washable
Rechargeable/Cordless
Comes with separate, free razor
Cons:
Works better on beards rather than hair
No storage pouch
6. Remington ‘The Crafter'
The full name of this option is the Remington PG6171 The Crafter: Beard Boss Style and Detail Kit. That's a bit of a mouthful, but it's quite appropriate for all of the attachments, settings and styles this comprehensive kit affords. The Beard Boss line was in fact designed for the most style-conscious men and includes eleven versatile pieces to achieve almost any look someone could choose to sport. Trim a goatee, trim a mustache, or tidy up that perfectly shadowy stubble, in the shower or out (this one is fully waterproof!).
The special standout feature with The Crafter has to be its turbo mode, which powers through even coarser, thicker hair with ease. And when the crafting is all done, everything packs up nicely in the handy storage pouch.
The Crafter also comes in Copper with Titanium-Coated Blades for $49.99. Or, choose the Perfecter Stubble and Beard Kit for $59.97, a similar, elevated pick.
Price: $39.79
Pros:
Self-sharpening stainless steel blades
Turbo mode power boost for thicker hair
100 percent waterproof
Storage pouch
Rechargeable/Cordless
Cons:
Blade oil not included
Guide combs tricky to release
7. Remington The Beardsman
The first thing that stands out with the Panasonic Precision Hair and Beard Trimmer is its blue, ergonomic, rubberized grip. This definitely makes it easier to hold beyond just providing a masculine design. Next, it boasts 45-degree angled stainless steel blades to provide a more optimal cutting edge for beards and mustaches. And whether that beard or ‘stache is long or short, the 19, 0.5mm settings give the ability to easily trim hair to the desired length while eliminating the need to multiple clipper comb attachments. The blades can also be easily replaced when they get dull to keep the good grooming going. Another bonus? It's totally waterproof.
Price: $49.99
Pros:
19 precision settings
Lightweight and ergonomic design
100% waterproof
Rechargeable/Cordless
Comes with charging stand
Cons:
Shorter battery life
No storage case
9. Wahl Lithium-ion Stainless Steel Groomer
It's sexy. It's powerful. It's high-tech. And it gets the job done, every time. The Wahl Lithium-ion Stainless Steel Groomer is basically the James Bond of beard trimmers.
While it may come off as a bit sleek at first glance, this groomer feels solid and substantial, for ultimate control. The sophisticated construction continues with its patented Wahl blade design and Lithium-ion 2.0 technology. These two features specifically allow for maximum performance at a longer run time. And then with its expansive extras—each model comes fully-equipped with rechargeable trimmer, trimmer head, t-blade, detail shaver head, rotary detail head, six-position guide, three standard position guides, eight t-blade guides, comb, storage pouch, charger, cleaning brush and blade oil—it's even clearer that top-notch grooming is at hand.
Price: $59.00
Pros:
Lithium-ion Battery
Solid, stainless steel body
Extensive attachment and style options
Rechargeable/cordless
Cons:
No charging stand
Not waterproof
10. Beardscape Beard & Hair Trimmer
The Beardscape motto is, “For the beard and beyond.” That may sound like a grand promise, but this unique offering definitely has a few extra-special features that make it a stand-out. Firstly, it uses a ceramic blade rather than stainless steel. The ceramic is said to be four times harder than stainless steel, creates less friction and heat, and is also quieter than its metal counterpart. Secondly, it has an easy-to-read display that shows the user a number of helpful tidbits: the time remaining until it needs to be recharged, RPM selected, cleaning alert, recharge notice and even re-oil notice. Thirdly, the power cable also comes with a USB setting enabling it to be charged by plugging into a computer. Pretty snazzy stuff!
Price: $64.95
Pros:
Unique ceramic blades
Multiple settings for a many looks/styles
Informative, clear display
Quiet
Solid, hefty construction
Charging base/stand included
Cons:
No storage pouch
Not waterproof or splash-proof
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Video
Sport Relief 2018 is almost upon us and people around the UK are undergoing sporting challenges to raise money for charity.
BBC South's Ben Moore was challenged to complete a pole fitness routine with one of the UK's leading instructors and her seven-year-old daughter.
Emma Simmonds set up Pole Performers 14 years ago and still competes having appeared in the national championships four times.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Roberto Martinez and Thierry Henry answer YOUR Twitter questions. What does it take to form a management philosophy? Does Ross Barkley need special treatment to succeed? And what qualities do Thierry Henry possess as an assistant manager?
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer
Texas Rangers infielder Trevor Plouffe is welcomed into the dugout after hitting a solo home run during the third inning of a spring training baseball game against the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday, March 6, 2018, in Mesa, Ariz. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Police are on the hunt for an armed robber who struck at a Fife bookmakers.
The man threatened staff at the Coral bookies on Kirkcaldy's Dunearn Drive, in the Templehall area, with a knife.
He then made off with hundreds of pounds in cash following the raid at about 11.15am.
An area around the store was cordoned off by officers with a large police presence reported in the area for a while after the incident.
A man described as having a “heavy build” is now being sought by police.
A spokesman for the force said: “Police in Fife are investigating following an armed robbery at a betting shop in Kirkcaldy.
“The incident happened around 11.15am on Tuesday February 14 at the Coral bookmakers on Dunearn Drive.
“A male entered the premises and presented a knife at staff before making off towards Fairisle Road with a three-figure sum of cash.
“The suspect is described as having a heavy build and wearing a black beanie hat that was used to obscure his face, baggy blue jeans and a light-coloured top.
“Anyone with information is asked to contact police immediately.”
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Universal bosses have set a release date for a Fast And Furious spin-off movie starring Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham.
Tyrese Gibson, who plays Roman in the franchise, sparked rumours that Dwayne was about to sign on for his own spin-off movie when he took to Instagram in August to publicly plead with his co-star to leave the solo movie for now and stick with the “Fast Family”, so they could keep to the 2019 release date for the ninth instalment.
However, earlier this week, the film was pushed back to April 2020 and Tyrese slammed Dwayne again, claiming his spin-off was to blame for the delay.
Universal bosses have now confirmed that a standalone movie starring the San Andreas star and British hardman Jason will be released on 26 July, 2019.
“The global brand of Fast & Furious is strong and full of iconic characters, and we look forward to continuing to build on the film that started it all, as well as expanding into different narratives beginning with our first spinoff,” Universal Pictures chairman Donna Langley told The Hollywood Reporter.
The film is being written by longtime Fast and Furious screenwriter Chris Morgan and will focus on Dwayne's Diplomatic Security Service agent Hobbs and Jason's Deckard Shaw, who was a villain until he redeemed himself and became part of the main group in the eighth movie. Neither actor has reportedly signed a deal as yet.
Tyrese has addressed the spin-off once again by sharing a throwback picture of the original cast, including Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez and the late Paul Walker.
“Diversity, love, multi ethnic worldwide multi generational, United Nations, One Race, Fast Family...... Until Dewayne (sic) showed up I guess this whole time he had a problem because he wasn't the ONLY ONE on the movie poster (sic),” he wrote.
“You guys are just amazing you really broke up the #FastFamily I tried to warn you guys... You thought I was hating...... I was simply fighting to keep the family together what makes us great is when you see us all TOGETHER we don't fly solo.”
Calling Dwayne a “clown”, he then claimed he was offered a spin-off with Ludacris, who plays Roman's buddy Tej, while Vin and Paul were also approached but “we TURNED IT DOWN!!!”
Dwayne joined the franchise in 2011's Fast Five, while Jason has starred in the past two films following a brief cameo in the sixth.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For the second time in three days, West Brom came from behind to claim three well earned Premier League points.
The second half in the victory over Hull outshone the first in every department, not least the goal threat.
So why did it take as long as 45 minutes and a goal down for the Baggies to get going?
The switch in formation when Jonny Evans went off injured inside half an hour played its part.
“It was more tactical,” Pulis said after the match.
“They were better than us, in their shape, in the way that they play, than what we did.
“We tried to change it round just before Jonny got injured, and then we lose Jonny which is a massive blow for us.
“Huddlestone and Livermore were getting far too much room on the ball, and were dictating the play.
“Where we wanted Morrison and Fletcher to dictate it, they actually dictated it for Hull.
“We changed the shape of the team, pushed them up and wrestled the authority off them.
“Brunty's goal came at the right time, from then on in - the crowd, the team - that belief was still there.
“It was absolutely fantastic.”
Evans' calf, which he injured in the defeat at Chelsea last month, has caused him problems recently.
The extent of the most recent strain, which the Northern Irishman initially felt warming up, will be revealed in the coming days.
“We won't know until tomorrow,” Pulis added.
“He actually felt it in the warm-up before the game, but he wanted to try it.”
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said she left her previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said she was upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
/ Front page / News
TWO police officers from Tonga and Samoa are on work attachments with the Fiji Police Force.
The two women constables — Fuka Mouga of the Tongan Police and Nepa Papalii of Samoa — are part of an arrangement between Fiji, Samoa and Tonga under the Pacific Islands Chief of Police training opportunities.
While welcoming the two women police officers, the Commissioner of Police Brigadier General Sitiveni Qiliho said Fiji was always ready to help its Pacific Island neighbours.
"In the past we sent officers and personnel from the Forensics Department to help our comrades in various Pacific Island nations, and we are always open to assisting in areas of training," Brig-Gen Qiliho said.
"This is not only about what we can help you with, but also how you can help us, so please be sure to share your knowledge and experience with our forensics team."
The two officers will be based at the Fiji Police Forensic Science Services at Nasova.
Brig-Gen Qiliho said forensics was a critical aspect of policing, and the Fiji police was always exploring avenues to advance the work of forensics in Fiji.
"Recently we had another seven officers accredited as fingerprint specialists, an achievement we are extremely happy about considering the demands on our services.
"We have been able to boost our services after acquiring new equipment and under the guidance of the senior officers in the department you are sure to gain a lot to take back to your respective countries and institutions," he said.
Season 14 of The Voice enters the battle rounds tonight and Kelly Clarkson's team is made up of 12 contestants out of the 48 artists participating in the competition. Clarkson has brought singer and actress Hailee Steinfeld on board as an adviser this season as she coaches each contestant into being the best they can be for their performances. Get to know more about each of the contestants on Clarkson's team below.
Teana Boston
For her blind audition on the show, Boston performed the song “Unfaithful” by Rihanna. According to her NBC bio, Boston believes it is important to empower the African-American community with “uplifting music.” NBC reports that Boston is active in “her school's black student union aimed to empower, educate, tutor and uplift students of color.”
Alexa Cappelli
There was no doubt that Cappelli would go with Clarkson if she turned around her chair for her audition because Clarkson is her idol. According to Cappelli's NBC bio, she has made quite an impact on her community. NBC states, “Alexa's younger brother passed away from Hypoplastic left heart syndrome when he was just 32 hours old, and her family created a non-profit organization in his memory to provide essentials for families with seriously ill children.”
Brynn Cartelli
Singer Brynn Cartelli is only 14 years old and she already is a force to be reckoned with on The Voice. She is currently juggling a busy school schedule, while also playing lacrosse, but she has a great passion for singing.
Jorge Eduardo
One contestant who is no stranger to The Voice, was a contestant on the Mexican version of the show and that's Jorge Eduardo. Music is in his blood, as his father is a Latin Grammy-nominated singer.
Jackie Foster
Jackie Foster has made some waves as part of the alternative rock band Self Portraits and now, she too would like to take on the singing competition as a solo artist. Berklee actually offered Foster a four-year scholarship, which is where she became the lead singer of her band.
Hannah Goebel
Goebel is a gifted singer, but she also has ADHD and a vision disorder called convergence insufficiency, which makes it difficult for her eyes to focus. In addition to singing, Goebel also writes music.
Dylan Hartigan
Dylan Hartigan has had some acting gigs growing up, starring in a 1-800-FLOWERS commercial, along with playing Nicole Kidman's son in The Stepford Wives. Now, he's hoping to show off his vocals.
Jamella
Jamella, whose mother works in entertainment as a JLo impersonator in Las Vegas, Nevada, has music in her blood. When Jamella's mother realized her daughter had a talent for singing, they moved to Los Angeles and struck up a development deal with Timbaland's manager. Unfortunately, Jamella's music was not released before the deal came to an end.
Justin Kilgore
Justin Kilgore grew up in a small town and felt he needed to hide his sexuality. Becoming a male cheerleader in school didn't make this easy. His love is country music and he's been discouraged a time or two, but now he's hoping that his luck will change. On the show, Kilgore said that, “I've never been out of the closet when I did country music. The Voice is the first opportunity that I have to be my myself in my entire life.” Kilgore performed Chris Young's “Tomorrow” for his blind audition on the show.
D.R. King
Another possibly familiar face on the show this season is D.R. King, who has a singing residency in a popular Harlem establishment, Red Rooster. For his blind audition this season, he performed the song “Believer.”
Amber Sauer
Amber Sauer has quite the backstory. According to her NBC bio, “At a young age, Amber found out she was adopted. At 21, Amber decided to connect with her biological family and found out they had musical talent as singers. In 2009, Amber was diagnosed with cervical cancer but miraculously treated it through surgery. Months later she was hospitalized with an autoimmune disease called sarcoidosis. These health scares prompted Amber to move to Los Angeles once she was well and chase her dreams.” Sauer has overcome so much and hopes to become a success as a solo artist.
Molly Stevens
Molly Stevens was inspired by her family, singing on her grandfather's radio and TV show for many years. Her grandfather is Jimmy Waters, a well-known Baptist preacher. Years later, Stevens came out as gay and today she is happily engaged.
Argentine President Mauricio Macri got an unexpectedly strong show of support in a nonbinding primary election, dealing a setback to former President Cristina Kirchner's plans for a comeback.
Source:: World News
A HOME that once belonged to North Sydney's first Mayor, Francis Punch, has sold to a local family.
No. 91 Ridge St, went to auction on May 5, but was passed in and relisted as a private treaty sale, with a price guide of $4.175 million.
Mitchell Soineva, from Belle Property Mosman, was unable to disclose the figure due to a confidentiality agreement. However, it is believed the property sold around the price guide.
“We had over 200 buyers through the door over the course of the campaign, with more than 15 contracts issued,” Mr Soineva said.
SIGN UP FOR THE NSW REAL ESTATE NEWSLETTER HERE
The Belle Property agent said that the buyer was a family from the lower north shore.
Mr Punch had significant local connections to the area, he was the first licensee of Buena Vista Hotel in Mosman, a founding member of North Sydney Cricket Club and was a Naremburn landholder.
Mr Punch became the first mayor of the newly formed council in 1890 and served in the position for two years, before continuing as an alderman for the Tunks Ward.
The four-bedroom house had been owned by its current owners since 1993. CoreLogic data shows that they paid $620,000 for it.
In 1967, the home was sold to the North Sydney Community Hospital for use as a nurses' quarter, and remained this way until the hospital closed in the 1990s.
Located opposite St Leonards Park, the home is a short walk to North Sydney train station and CBD.
Should you really be using coconut oil for everything? Is coconut oil really the wonder ingredient it's cracked up to be?
It's in our bliss balls and raw vegan slices. It's taken up permanent residence in our pantry. It splashes out of the jar during summer and magically goes rock-solid in winter. But is coconut oil really the wonder ingredient it's cracked up to be?
What is coconut oil?
“Coconut oil is the fat component of coconut flesh (copra),” explains nutritionist Teresa Boyce. “[It] can be obtained from crushing and pressing the copra to extract the oil.”
Yep, the unrefined oil is free from nasty chemicals, which is a big bonus. But, while it doesn't have scary ingredients, it does have a whole lot of saturated fat. In fact, sat fats make up a startling 92% of coconut oil. Bottom line: That coco-rich bliss ball might not be so blissful for your heart.
“While coconut oil has been claimed as a superfood, the new report from the American Heart Association backs what the science has been saying for some time,” says Nicole Dynan, an accredited practicing dietitian and spokesperson for the Dietitians Association of Australia. “We know coconut oil can raise our unhealthy LDL cholesterol, which raises the risk of heart disease.”
Read more: Is coconut water actually good for you?
Break it down
Before you abandon your stash, coconut oil does have its good points. It may raise unhealthy LDL cholesterol, but it also slightly increases the healthy HDL kind, too. This means it's less worrying than your regular saturated fats.
However, that doesn't give us a free pass to slosh it around in our food, says Dynan. “There are much healthier oil choices around.” (She suggests extra-virgin olive, avocado, canola and macadamia oils, which are low in sat fat and high in the healthy, unsaturated kind.)
So how much is too much? Guidelines state that saturated fat should be less than 10% of your total energy intake. So for an average adult, that's less than 24g a day. One 20ml tablespoon of coconut oil? More than 18g of sat fat. By comparison, extra-virgin olive oil has just 2.8g per tablespoon.
Coconut oil is also very energy-dense – we're talking 720kJ per tablespoon. (A heads-up: Many other common cooking oils, such as canola and extra-virgin olive, clock up similar kilojoule counts.)
Read more: Can you really use coconut oil to treat acne?
Weighing it up
Of course, how much you eat depends on your lifestyle – you'll have different needs to the woman next to you at the wholefood cafe. “[It] really is dependent on the individual: their health goals, health complaints and current nutrition status,” says Boyce. “I have patients who consume coconut oil several times a week, then I have fat-adapted athletes who consume it daily as a major fuel source.”
Here's the thing: We definitely shouldn't be afraid of healthy fats – it's just that experts are still debating whether this fat is actually all that healthy.
Read more: Can coconut oil really help you lose weight?
MCT me
Another reason coconut oil has reached cult status? The benefits of the medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs) in it – essentially, the particular combination of fatty acids within coconut oil, which behave in a specific way in the body.
MCTs can certainly be a great workout buddy, says Boyce. “They exhibit health benefits including appetite reduction and weight loss, improved cognition, immune support, increased energy and improved athletic performance.”
However, Dynan argues that “much of the evidence used to support the health benefits of coconut comes from historical research on MCT oils. Advocates have relied on these findings, applying them to coconut oil, when in fact, coconut oil wasn't used in the research.” This isn't to say it doesn't have the claimed wellbeing benefits, it's just the evidence is currently a bit thin on the ground.
Something the experts do agree on, though: coconut oil can be a delicious addition to a meal; plus it's a great vegan ingredient for sweet treats. Beyond food, it's an all-natural skin saviour, removing make-up and rehydrating like some sort of double-wonder wipe.
So should we just move the jar into our beauty cabinets instead? Not necessarily. “It's like everything in nutrition; it's about having a balanced approach,” says Boyce.
“My tip is to consume saturated fats in moderation, as close to nature as possible and as a part of a balanced diet.” And that's where coconut oil's benefit really lies – it isn't from a test tube, it's from a tree. So there's no need to trash it. Just save the bigger portions for your skin, not your stir-fry.
This article was originally published on www.womenshealthsa.co.za
Image credit: iStock
Tony O. Elumelu, CON keeping fit at the gym in this trending video.
Elumelu, who shared the video on his instagram page said ‘Morning workout @heirsholdings office gym… Health and fitness essential …. What's your workout routine?
Photo: Randy Miramontez / Dreamstime
By Scott T. Sterling
Dennis Edwards, the lead singer of the legendary Motown group the Temptations, has died at age 74.
Related: James Corden & the ‘Stranger Things' Kids Form Motown Cover Band
Family members confirmed Edwards' passing today (Feb. 2), just one day before what would have been his 75th birthday, reports CBS News.
No cause of death has yet been revealed.
Edwards joined the Temptations in 1968 after original member, David Ruffin, was fired from the group.
The singer appeared on such timeless Temptations' classics as “Papa Was A Rolling Stone,” “Ball Of Confusion” and “I Can't Get Next To You.”
Edwards remained with the Temptations until 1977, returning to the fold for 1980 album, The Temptations, which featured the hit single “Power.”
While he performed with the group on and off throughout the '80s, Edwards scored a solo hit in 1984 for “Don't Look Any Further,” which featured Siedah Garrett.
The singer was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Temptations in 1989.
Edwards was briefly married to Ruth Pointer of the Pointer Sisters in the late '70s, and the two had one child, Issa Pointer, who later sang with the Pointer Sisters.
When global consulting engineering firm, GHD Australia, merged with North American engineering consultancy Conestoga-Rovers & Associates (CRA) back in 2014, the work to morph and blend operations was just the beginning.
Established in 1928, GHD operates across five continents – Asia, Australia, Europe, North and South America – and the Pacific region, and employs more than 8500 people in over 200 offices.
With its latest acquisition of CRA, GHD had four main challenges: to achieve rapid deployment of brand networking solutions at a lower cost; ensure seamless collaboration amongst project teams spread across the globe; provide employees at 50 new remote sites with access to GHD's complex network of applications, services and cloud environment; and reduce time and cost to maintain remote office networking solutions.
In a nutshell, it needed to add 3,000 employees in 100 offices, including 50 small sites. Sound simple? Not according to project sponsor, Elizabeth Harper, GHD's CIO, who was tasked with integrating all the new offices and their IT systems into the wider GHD business.
She said her North American team did a phenomenal job in successfully leading the implementation of the solution in such a short time frame.
“Some of the new sites were geographically dispersed across the US and Canada, designed to be as close to their clients as possible. At the same time, the new offices needed instant access and connectivity to the GHD network globally so employees can collaborate in real time.”
As such, GHD decided to implement RiverBed's SD-WAN (software-defined wide area network) solution, SteelConnect, in order to get what Harper said was a simple, cost-effective solution to enable the rapid deployment of the new sites onto the company's network.
It is an app-defined SD-WAN solution that simplifies networking for the cloud-centric enterprise – to enable the rapid deployment of 50 new offices onto the company's network, fuelling stronger global collaboration, business agility and reducing global telecom costs by 75 per cent.
"It's not the hardest thing I have ever done, however it was a very crucial project for the business. The main challenges included realising our strategy to enable our people to work together and collaborate seamlessly regardless of location, and providing a solution that was cost effective, easy to stand up and simple to maintain," she said.
"It would have been possible to do it via alternative technologies, however the systems from Riverbed made this project feasible, streamlined and cost-effective."
Big benefits
Several benefits surfaced thanks to the deployment, namely: zero-touch, rapid deployment of small offices onto GHD's network (50 offices deployed in four weeks); simplified global collaboration; and reduced management, maintenance and telephony costs.
"The successful integration of these smaller offices is a game changer as they now have the standard GHD operating environment and reliable connectivity to colleagues around the world. This enables us to realise our strategy – having people based close to our clients and able to access the broader capabilities of a global company."
Harper said the company is now also able to connect directly into the public cloud networks, and get greater business agility thanks to the partnership with Riverbed. The SteelConnect technology can connect direct into public cloud networks such as Microsoft Azure and AWS.
“GHD's use of emerging technologies and our ability to respond quickly to client demands is how we differentiate ourselves in the market, and Riverbed has been a trusted strategic partner in our success,” she said.
“The Riverbed platform has enabled us to optimise our network traffic, given us greater visibility of what's actually happening across our network and application environment so we can continue to achieve great performance, and it's helped us simplify our branch office implementations – all of which are critical to driving the evolution of our business and our ability to serve our clients.”
Indeed, the company, which operates in the global markets of water, energy and resources, environment, property and buildings, and transportation, has a complex IT landscape, Harper said, noting it leverages 3,000 business and technical applications, and includes GHD's own private cloud.
Using SteelConnect, GHD dramatically reduced the cost of network design and deployment, and was able to connect all 50 of the smaller offices in four weeks, Harper said, explaining if the company had chosen a traditional networking approach, the project would have taken at least three months to complete.
“We did a really thorough assessment of the options in the market and what we found with SteelConnect was a very low, almost zero-touch deployment. It allows us to preconfigure a device using a cloud portal before delivering it to the physical site. This means that a non-IT person at the small office can follow simple instructions, plug the device in and have everything up and running in minutes instead of days or weeks.”
Next steps
So what's next? Harper said the company plans to expand the deployment to traditional and larger offices, and estimates the solution will save the business roughly US$1 million a year.
"We are assessing larger offices that may benefit from SD-WAN features. SD-WAN is also the basis for our ‘office in a box' system, which we transport to project sites and deploy rapidly. This solution enhances our ability to service our clients, especially in remote locations," she said.
“What this technology has done is enable us to cost-effectively connect people who wouldn't have had this type of connectivity in the past, and they now really feel like they're part of the same organisation. They have access to all of our broader systems, and can make a VoIP call to anyone in GHD globally, or collaborate using intensive 3D modelling applications. This has made a tremendous cultural impact.”
Asked what it's like being involved in these huge global projects, where you need to add 3,000 people and include 50 small sites, she said it's what keeps her coming back for more.
These sorts of challenges are why I come to work every day. Deploying a technology solution on a global scale to achieve a business outcome while minimising disruption to day-to-day operations is exactly what's expected from an effective IT team. It also shows how the selection of appropriate hardware supports and enables the company's broader performance and strategic goals."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Portland, Or. – California based Imperfect Produce has expanded to Portland. It's home delivery service begins today. The company says one in five fruits and vegetables grown in the United States goes to waste because they don't meet the cosmetic standards of grocery stores. Imperfect Produce sells the ugly produce and says it does so at 30-50% below grocery store prices.
The company says it has kept over 5 million pounds of produce from going to waste. Portland general manager Evan Pence says ” coming into Portland will be our first time expanding outside the state of California and we're really excited to bring it to the Pacific Northwest.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
FORT LAUDERDALE (CBSMiami) — Three Broward County 911 operators were honored at today's Broward Commission meeting.
One of those operators was Rosetta Newton, who received an award for remaining calm while dispatching emergency responders to the deadly airport shooting at Fort Laudrdale-Hollywood International Airport.
CBS4 photojournalist Rafael Murciano was there for her big day and produced a photo essay, which can be seen above.
State Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones will host a town-hall meeting Thursday in Santa Barbara about insurance issues related to the Jesusita and Tea fires.
The 8,773-acre Jesusita Fire ignited in the foothills above San Roque on the afternoon of May 5, 2009, and destroyed more than 80 homes before it was brought under control.
The 1,940-acre Tea Fire sparked in the western Montecito foothills late on the afternoon of Nov. 13, 2008, and destroyed more than 210 homes before it was brought under control.
The meeting will be held from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. Thursday in the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors' hearing room on the fourth floor of the county Administration Building, 105 E. Anapamu St.
First District Supervisor Salud Carbajal and other local officials also are scheduled to attend.
(Agencia CMA Latam) - The shares of the Brazilian aircraft maker Embraer rose more than 5% amid a report that the company accepted a new partnership model proposition by Boeing.
"The Brazilian and the American companies will create a third company, which will be in charge of the commercial operation of the aircraft manufacturer," reported the O Globo newspaper.
According to the report, the segment will be developed by both companies, but the military division, which acted as the liaison between them, will be excluded, remaining under the exclusive command of the Brazilian government. The newspaper released the information quoting the Defense Minister Raul Jungmann.
Earlier, Embraer stated that there was no offer to carry out , only talks, and discussions.
"Embraer clarifies that it does not have at this moment elements to express itself on this topic since there is no definition about the structure of a potential business combination and the values that it could involve," the company said.
by Agencia CMA Latam
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
They piled out of cars driven by their chauffeurs and made their way through Sactown Union Brewery's front gates, chattering excitedly among themselves. They were drunk on the success of their recently concluded Little League season and ready to guzzle down whatever sodas were being sold out of the food truck.
Scenes like this aren't especially rare at Sacramento-area taprooms, Sactown Union brewmaster and co-owner Michael Barker said. Patrons far below the legal drinking age can be seen at nearly every craft beer hot spot in the region, and that's unlikely to change anytime soon.
As pundits argue over whether America's craft beer market is nearing a saturation point, most taproom owners are doing their best to avoid limitations that might sway customers toward a competitor a few blocks over. That's clear at Urban Roots Brewery and Smokehouse, which opened Saturday with an emphasis on easily palatable European beers and kids toys tucked away next to a Dippin' Dots vending machine.
"(It's) a very American viewpoint that alcohol should be drunk in quiet corners away from the view of impressionable youths, and we absolutely reject that notion," Urban Roots co-founder Peter Hoey said. "A pub is a place for family."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Establishments that serve alcohol can allow minors if they also sell any sort of food — even just snacks or sandwiches — on site, according to the California Department of Alcohol and Beverage Control licensing system. People under 21 can also visit breweries, wineries or licensed clubs regardless of whether they serve food.
Few of the Sacramento area's most popular craft beer hubs restrict their customers based on age. Loomis Basin Brewing said "that's enough" to both kids and dogs two years ago, deciding that the few problem cases were obtrusive enough to merit a full ban. Capital Beer and Tap Room is another exception, though the downtown Capital Hop Shop serves food and allows kids of all ages.
Sacramento's craft beer scene began taking off in earnest around 2008-12. The youngest early customers are now in their late 20s or early 30s, many — like Tyler Stumbaugh's peers — with kids of their own.
A 30-year-old childless truck driver who lives in unincorporated Sacramento County near Rancho Cordova, Stumbaugh said he visits a local brewery or taproom at least twice a week. In a post to the Sacramento Beer Enthusiasts Facebook page this year, he took the admittedly controversial stance of wishing more breweries wouldn't allow kids, which elicited more than 300 comments from other group members.
Stumbaugh said his bar conversations with friends are interrupted about twice per month by the shrieks of children climbing unsupervised on bike racks and tables. Breweries that ban kids risk alienating some of their core customers, but many in the Sacramento area could do more to establish a designated adult zone, he said.
Short of that, he points the blame at negligent parents.
"I don't really have a problem with kids at breweries. I have a problem with parents letting their kids run around and act like they're at a playground, which they're not," Stumbaugh said. "It's only so much a business can do if parents are not going to parent."
But what if the kids were at a playground? That's what Larry and Dayle Rodenborn tried to do with The Craft House, a casual restaurant serving locally produced beer and wine, with sandboxes, climbing structures and gravel play areas they attempted to open on 24th Street in Curtis Park.
The Rodenborns, who live two blocks from the restaurant site and own Tryphon Vineyards in the Yuba County town of Camptonville, felt like there weren't many places in Sacramento designed for kids where adults could enjoy quality food and drinks. When the Rodenborns do bring their 7- and 5-year-old children to breweries and taprooms, they frequently find their kids bored or occupying the cornhole boards adults might otherwise use.
"I feel like a lot of breweries around here call themselves kid-friendly or family-friendly when I would actually call them kid-tolerant," Dayle Rodenborn said. "You can bring your kids there, but there's not actually any form of entertainment for them, and if there is, there's sort of a competition for it."
Plans for The Craft House were quashed last year when immediate neighbors' objections convinced the city planning commission not to rezone the property for commercial use, Dayle said. The Rodenborns are now trying to make the building leasable as a 9-5 office.
Sactown Union has tried to establish a line between children and their patrons who don't want much interaction with them, Barker said. Kids and dogs are welcome on the outdoor patio and in the front common area but are asked not to come inside the taproom itself for extended periods of time.
"In the taproom, we're just going for more of a relaxed vibe," Barker said. "You do have people that come out that want to enjoy a book or just a one-on-one conversation, and sometimes if there's a dog in there barking or a child running around, it may disturb that."
And as for taphouse customers who wish kids would leave entirely, Dayle Rodenborn said it goes both ways.
"Sometimes I'm out at a brewery and I would like the drunken millennials to go somewhere else, too, but that's not going to happen," she said. "There are plenty of places that they can go that are bars where kids are not welcome and not allowed."
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Urban Roots Brewing & Smokehouse a new brewery and restaurant opening in Sacramento midtown. Paul Kitagaki Jr.
The Bee's Benjy Egel is launching a new effort to cover Sacramento's dining and beer scene. Please send tips and story ideas by email at begel@sacbee.com, on Twitter @BenjyEgel or by phone at (916) 321-1052.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Ramsden's only Birmingham restaurant has closed – just a year after opening.
The company's online boast could not be clearer.
“We're World Famous for our fish'n'chips,” it says.
“Not just because we've been serving them for over 85 years, but because the great taste of every portion keeps our customers coming back for more, every time.”
The trouble is, not enough people like Harry Ramsden's in Birmingham any more.
Barely 12 months on after replacing the multi-award winning Chamberlains, the shutters have come down on its Wolverhampton Road site next door to a pocket-sized McDonald's in Oldbury.
(Photo: Matthew Bowater)
A bland, emailed company statement, attributed to CEO Tom Crowley, said: “As a business, we are always reviewing our formats, locations and sites and it has been decided that this outlet is no longer viable for Harry Ramsden's, as the brand evolves.
“We are however continuing to look for other great locations throughout the UK and overseas.”
After Harry Ramsden's took over Chamberlains, it continued to trade under the independent name for several weeks before changing the signage.
Harry Ramsden's then CEO Joe Teixeira promised to build on Chamberlains' legacy, saying: “We will maintain, and in time strive to exceed, the high standards already in place.”
What happened to Chamberlains?
Chamberlains Fish and Chip restaurant made its name offering chips cooked in dripping.
Even though Harry Ramsden's also made its name cooking chips in dripping, the Oldbury Road site switched to vegetable oil only following the takeover.
Founder Simon Shaw sold his family-run business to the national chain just before Christmas 2015 after deciding to return to his roots in bingo and gaming.
“In lots of ways the sale has been very, very sad, considering the time and effort you put into a place,” he said.
(Photo: Graham Young)
“Because we cooked fresh to order, many customers would come back every week. You get to know their favourite table, and even what sauce they want.
“We developed a strong sense of loyalty. Not many restaurants can achieve that, no matter what the brand is.
“I am already missing the customers, but the lease was up on the building and when we asked ourselves if we wanted another ten years, we decided ‘No'.
(Photo: Graham Young)
Chamberlains takeaway and restaurant opened in 2011 and soon won major awards including Best Takeaway in England and Wales at the 2014 Food Awards and a 5 Star Quality Award in June, 2014, ranking it in the top two per cent of UK fish and chip shops.
The 74-seater restaurant employed 17 staff and generally averaged 800 to 1,200 covers per week.
When it closed, Chamberlains was rated third out of 58 restaurants in Oldbury on TripAdvisor with an average 4.5/5 score.
(Photo: Mark Doherty)
Under Harry Ramsden's ownership, the site was no being listed as in Oldbury.
It had instead been put under the whole of Birmingham.
But just 57 mixed reviews saw it being ranked 1122 out of 1884 restaurants in the city - a far cry from Chamberlains' heyday.
What is Harry Ramsden's?
(Photo: Andrew Fox)
Founded in 1928 by Harry Ramsden (1888–1963) in a wooden hut in White Cross, Guiseley, West Yorkshire, the business is said to be Britain's oldest restaurant chain.
But although it opened a high profile restaurant in Coventry Road, Yardley, it later closed it and began to concentrate on shopping centres like Touchwood and Merry Hill before moving into motorway service stations.
The Touchwood and Merry Hill sites have long been closed, leaving the only other local site a ‘quick service' restaurant at Hopwood Services.
As of this week, the M42 restaurant was ranked 1,309 of 1,884 restaurants in Birmingham, though it had only been reviewed 15 times.
(Photo: Graham Young)
With little more than 40 sites in the UK, Harry Ramsden's brand is clearly struggling to regain former glories - and has lost the opportunity to build on the goodwill created by Chamberlains.
The now 50-year-old Ranjit Boparan, the owner of Birmingham-based Boparan Ventures, bought the company for an undisclosed sum in 2010
At the time, Mr Boparan told our sister publication The Birmingham Post: “Harry Ramsden's is a great British institution and we want to put it back on the map by focusing on the fundamental basics of superb service, exceptional value and, most importantly, the very best tasting fish and chips you can buy.
(Photo: Graham Young)
“And, we're planning to open a further 100 locations within the next five years and expect to create around 600 new jobs, taking care to ensure that customers are guaranteed the same consistent quality at every single store.”
Boparan also owns Northern Foods (which makes Goodfella's pizzas and Fox's biscuits), the Giraffe and Ed's Easy Diner chains, as well as poultry businesses 2Sisters and Bernard Matthews.
In January 2017, Ranjit and Baljinder Boparan Singh were ranked No 7 on the Birmingham Post's Rich List 2017.
Ranjit Boparan's career in food began behind the counter of a butcher's shop in Bilston – the town where he was born.
Boparan Holdings is now said to be the UK's largest grocery supplier.
For the year to August 2016 turnover reached £3.12 billion and operating profit surged by more than 58 per cent to £90.5 million.
"Harry's Promise" on the Harry Ramsden's website
At Harry Ramsden's, we're proud to deliver an excellent dining experience, every time.
Underpinning this commitment to customer service, and to serving only the tastiest, highest quality of food are our very own set of Promises which we live by every day.
The only other local Harry Ramsden's restaurant is...
Hopwood Welcome Break – Quick Service Restaurant, Redditch Road, Alvechurch, Birmingham B48 7AU. Tel 0121 447 4000.
The last review
We posted the following review of Harry Ramsden's (trading as Chamberlains) online on February 23, 2016. We gave it a two-star rating.
8 Wolverhampton Rd, Birmingham B68 0LH. Tel 0121 429 7709
Verdict: ++
When I got there a minibus was outside collecting pensioners from their lunchtime treat.
But the takeaway was empty even though it was 2pm.
A small, £1.30 portion of chips weighed 226g on my in-car scales, but failed to impress my chipometer which peaked at a miserly 60C.
Now cooked only in vegetable oil, the chips were brown and very soft, as if they'd been round the block.
The sorry spuds explained why there have been some recent poor reviews from customers on TripAdvisor.
I settled on a two-star rating after a slight aftertaste kicked in – unthinkable in former owner Simon Shaw's dripping-led glory days.
(Photo: Graham Young)
The irony about this story is that both Harry Ramsden's (1928) and Chamberlains (2011) made a name for their businesses by cooking in dripping.
Now the industry pioneer has taken over the independent young pretender – and immediately switched to vegetable oil, even though it has yet to put up the Harry Ramsden's branding.
On another sad note, Chamberlains was utterly blameless with regards to the amount of disgraceful flytipping that had taken place on the other side of the slip road from the shop.
The lady who served me said the mess had been reported to Sandwell Council and they had not moved it.
Simon Shaw said: “Sometimes I used to use social media to let the council know about any problems if they hadn't responded to calls.
“That kind of thing is not acceptable because it attracts vermin and want to see vermin 100 yards from your shop.”
+ I had been planning to go back next week to see how Harry Ramsden's was doing after its first year. But the shutters have put paid to that idea.
In this Aug. 14, 2017 photo, Tatsuya Yasue, 89-year-old farmer, wipes his tears while taking about his brother Sadao Yasue, who fell in battle during the war in Pacific more than 70 years ago, in Higashishirakawa, in central Japan's Gifu prefecture. Former U.S. Marine Marvin Strombo will return Sadao's calligraphy-covered flag he took from the fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – Attorney General Josh Stein was in Greenville Monday, along with law enforcement representatives, local delegates, and health professionals for an opioid roundtable discussion.
They discussed ways to confront the opioid crisis in Pitt County.
The event, which was open to the public, took place from 11 a.m. to noon at city hall.
WNCT's Josh Birch will have more coming up on 9 On Your Side.
Tamar Braxton quietly returned to Instagram in 2018, but it was her Thursday night post that made major waves.
The singer and reality star debuted a new ‘do as the cover model for the March 2018 issue of Upscale Magazine.
Matthew 17:20 🐦 A post shared by Tamar Braxton ❤️ (@tamarbraxton) on Feb 1, 2018 at 5:26pm PST
Braxton captioned the photo, “Matthew 17:20,” which refers to having the faith of a mustard seed. Celebrity hairstylist and Bravo star, Derek J, created the look.
“For Tamar's look today, we wanted to go to a total opposite of what she's been. You know she's been long, blonde, so we really wanted to take it to a fresh, new start. So–cut it all off, make it short, take it Black and that's what we got,” he said in a behind the scenes video posted on Tamar's fan site, TamarPosts.
The singer and reality star deleted her account in December after alleging her estranged husband Vincent Herbert, had fathered another child with a woman outside of their marriage. Braxton also alleged that Herbert also had dealings with reality star Laura Govan–to which Govan vehemently denied.
Braxton and Herbert have vowed to put the drama aside and keep the peace for their four-year-old son Logan.
Now that she's back we can't wait to see what's in store. New music perhaps?
DON'T MISS:
Did T.I. Cuss Out Tamar Braxton?
Tamar Denies Reconciling With Vince, Vows To Remain Silent On Her Marriage
has been busy on the promo trail pushing her new albumand making headlines along the way.
The youngest Braxton sister apparently ruffled some feathers when she posted a select from her album cover shoot leaving fans bombarding her comments section with skepticism.
EMPTY BOXES 🎁 #bluebirdofhappiness💙 A post shared by Tamar Braxton ❤️ (@tamarbraxton) on Oct 5, 2017 at 2:29pm PDT
Welp, Tae-Tae had time today and provided receipts for fans haters. In case you too thought her body was Photoshopped, here's a video that proves otherwise:
Hol'e up?? Where's the photo shop🤷🏼‍♀️ #pettybird🐦 #bluebirdofhappiness🐦💙 #body&Thoat A post shared by Tamar Braxton ❤️ (@tamarbraxton) on Oct 5, 2017 at 10:45pm PDT
From calling out Lil Mama on ‘The Breakfast Club” to announcing her tour with Xscape, Tamar is booked and busy chile.
GET THE LOOK: Tamar Braxton Looks Cute In A Camo Jumpsuit
Tamar Braxton To Wendy Williams: ‘This Is Why Monica Blocked Me'
WATCH: Tamar Braxton Teases 3 Music Videos For ‘Blue Bird Of Happiness'
January is the middle of the birthing and mating season — the male elephant seals are usually at the Piedras Blancas rookery from December to March. Males fight for dominance and the right to breed with the female elephant seals, according to Friends of the Elephant Seal. During the peak of mating season, about 90 percent of adult males will have fresh wounds from fights like these.
Leonard Pitts Jr. won the Pulitzer Prize for commentary in 2004. He is the author of the novels, Grant Park, Freeman, and Before I Forget. His column runs every Sunday and Wednesday. Forward From This Moment, a collection of his columns, was released in 2009.
On Sept. 11, 2001, he wrote a column on the terrorist attacks that received a huge response from readers who deluged him with more than 26,000 e-mails. It was posted on the Internet, chain-letter style. Read the column and others on the topic of September 11.
You can also read Pitts' series, What Works?, a series of columns about programs anywhere in the country that show results in improving the lives of black children.
Leonard also wrote the 2008 series I Am A Man, commemorating the 40th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King's assassination.
Email Leonard at lpitts@MiamiHerald.com or visit his website at www.leonardpittsjr.com
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leeds United fans do not want to see the back of Pablo Hernandez this summer amid Garry Monk's reported interest in the attacker.
Former Elland Road boss Monk is interested in reuniting with Hernandez at Birmingham City according to national reports.
Hernandez, 32, is out of contract at the end of the season and has not yet been offered fresh terms to extend his stay in Yorkshire.
Monk coached him at both Swansea and Leeds - and Whites supporters are hoping the pair won't go on to link up for a third time later this year.
Here's what they have been saying on social media.
Matt Rellaw: I'll go insane if we let Hernandez leave to Monk at Birmingham
LeedsUtdRyan: Maybe it will come to the point where Leeds don't give Pablo Hernandez a new deal at the club & use the wages on new signings... He's certainly worth the £15k a week.
Daniel Lloyd-Tompkin: If Pablo Hernandez leaves Leeds United I'll cry
Chris Shallcross: @andrearadri @LUFC will you get Pablo Hernandez signed up on a 2 year contract now! Before we lose him!
Matt James: If we let Pablo Hernández go to Birmingham City I'm done with this Football Club.
Charles Toher: Be amazed if he stays at our circus. Birmingham stays up, he's gone.
Joe Urquhart: Thought today perhaps more than any other game emphasized the need for Leeds to keep Pablo Hernandez at the club after the summer.
Tom: If Radz can't see it's a must we offer new contract to Pablo Hernandez NOW!! . God forbid what kind of team we'll be putting out next season. Appreciate what he has done, buy back ER, but he needs to re-think his plan. Get a decent scouting recruitment advisor(s).!
More: Wes watch
During the 3-0 victory over Hull City Wes Harding became the latest player from the Birmingham City youth set-up to graduate to Championship football, writes Brian Dick.
The youngster gave a convincing display as a Championship right back in the white-out at St Andrew's and white heat of a relegation battle.
Garry Monk had enough belief in the untested rookie to pick him ahead of Arsenal loan man - and former England cap - Carl Jenkinson.
This is how Harding got here and where he goes from now.
Who is he?
A young defender who was born in Leicester 21-years ago. He has been at Blues for around five years and has come through the Under 18s and 23s - both of whom he captained. He had two substitute appearances of the bench in the EFL Cup earlier this season before starting on Saturday.
What's his background?
Harding had a few trials for Leicester's academy but ended up joining Coventry's, from where he was released at Under 14s.
Then it was on to Villa where he spent just over a year but wasn't awarded a scholarship. Thankfully Blues had spotted him and he moved across the city at 16.
Since then he's come through squads managed by Steve Spooner and Richard Beale and has been a vocal captain virtually every step of the way.
Gary Rowett took him to Marbella in 2015 but no first team appearances materialised.
He had a loan spell at non-league Alfreton at the start of last season but picked up a knee injury.
In his determination to show he could cut it in senior football he played on and suffered a more serious set-back.
The breakthrough
He started to get more recognition in the summer, when Harry Redknapp used him in a pre-season game at Kidderminster and then started him in the final warm-up match against Swansea.
His first team debut came off the bench for the final half hour against Crawley in August. He then played 70 minutes against Bournemouth after Emilio Nsue went off injured.
Steve Cotterill kept him around the squad and since his arrival Monk has extended opportunities to several young players in first team training.
After a stuttering performance by Jenkinson at Cardiff the manager made the bold decision to give Harding a full Championship debut at home to Hull.
How did he do?
Really well. It took him several minutes to get into the game - but he announced his presence in uncompromising style - a very heavy sliding tackle on Liverpool loan youngster Harry Wilson.
It was probably worth a yellow-and-a-half, but he survived and grew into the game and Wilson became more and more peripheral.
His pass completion rate of 68.8% was the highest for Blues defenders and he matched or bettered fellow full back Maxime Colin in terms of headers, clearances and crosses. His swinging centre was just too high for Lukas Jutkiewicz.
In the second half he swept up really well on a couple of occasions and showed a willingness to get forward. All in all - very positive
The manager
Garry Monk insisted he never had any qualms about throwing Harding into the fray.
“I never have any doubts in situations like that. I have shown it at all the clubs I have been at,” Monk said.
“To me the situation doesn't matter. If I feel that a player is good enough and ready enough I will never have any fear of that.
“I made the decision because I felt with Hull scoring the goals they have scored in recent games, the threats that their wingers pose, Wes brings that bit of pace and tenacity to his defending.
“Especially with that early booking as well. I thought he showed good maturity to handle that afterwards. I will never have any fear of throwing a young player in.
“I will continue to do that.
“I am very pleased for him and for the team. He did very, very well. You have to give players trust whoever they are, senior pros or players starting out in their careers.”
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
What did he say himself?
Asked by Blues TV if he'd be busting a gut to keep his place for the Ipswich game, Harding was unequivocal: “Yes, 100 per cent. That's the aim now. We have got the three points and the clean sheet but when we start next week that will be out of the way and the focus will shift to the next game - and I want to be involved.
“The clean slate has lifted everyone's spirits. Straight away you have got everyone involved, which is a good thing. The team morale is there, we can keep getting points now. Everybody is confident that we will do it.”
And that tackle? “That wasn't in the script at all! I thought I could get the ball. I think I took an extra step which is what gave him time to move the ball away.
“Straight away off the cuff I thought ‘Oh my gosh, let me relax, go back to the basics'. And that's what I did."
Social media support
What next?
Wilson had been earning rave reviews for Hull with some suggestions he would go back to Liverpool and challenge for first team game-time.
However, key for Harding is keeping his place in the side. Jenkinson is fit, Josh Dacres-Cogley is an option at right back - and Monk could use Maxime Colin there if he has faith in an alternative left back.
He's got two weeks to continue to impress before the meeting with Ipswich on March 31.
After that there could be reunions with Will Buckley at Bolton and Burton's Lloyd Dyer and clashes with Bristol City's Jamie Paterson and Ivan Cavaleiro/Barry Douglas at Wolves.
He's under contract for until the summer of 2020 so doesn't have that worry hanging over his head.
Although medical marijuana sales are supposed to be available in more Florida venues starting this week, the City of Gulf Breeze is considering a one-year moratorium on dispensing and treatment centers within its borders.
Acknowledging that 71 percent of state voters approved an amendment to the Florida Constitution in November that legalizes a stronger form of medical marijuana for use by individuals with an expanded list of conditions, the proposed Gulf Breeze ordinance would put that on hold for up to a year within city limits.
Read the full article in the Jan. 5 issue of Navarre Press. Click here to subscribe online for as little as $38 per year.
Social Connections
Sign Up for Our Newsletter Your Name
Your Email
Enter the code from above.
Upcoming events no event show event-list page
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have been given more time to question a man arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a pedestrian in West Bromwich town centre.
The victim, a 22-year-old man, died in hospital of his injuries, after being hit by a vehicle in the early hours of Saturday.
The detained man, who is 38, was arrested in Birmingham on Saturday afternoon in connection with the death.
Police confirmed on Monday afternoon that officers now had until Tuesday afternoon to question him - a total of 36 further hours.
(Image: SnappersSK)
Officers were called to the scene at West Bromwich High Street, near the junction with Trinity Way, at around 2.40am on Saturday.
A Volkswagen Caddy van believed to have been involved in the collision was recovered in the Birmingham area.
Det Insp Harry Harrison, from the homicide team at West Midlands Police , said: "This is still very much an active investigation and we would ask for anyone who has any information, and not already spoken to us, to get in touch as soon as possible.
"We are currently reviewing CCTV and speaking to those in the area as we build up a picture of what happened in the early hours of the morning."
Anyone with information can call 101, quoting log 281 of 17 March. Alternatively ring Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Low-cost airline and holiday company Monarch is to launch four new routes this summer from Birmingham Airport.
Flights to Split in Croatia, Valencia in Spain, Naples in Italy and Rhodes in Greece are now available and Monarch will be the only airline flying to both Split and Valencia from Birmingham.
All of the new flights launch in June and will be twice weekly, except for Rhodes which will be once a week.
As well as these four new routes, Monarch will be launching flights to Stockholm as a new destination in April following last year's announcement about the route.
Monarch will be the only airline flying directly to the Swedish capital.
Head of network development Marjan Schoeke said: "We are delighted to be announcing four new routes to the network from Birmingham Airport for this summer.
"With the introduction of these routes, we now have 30 destinations on offer to customers flying from Birmingham Airport this summer.
"We continually monitor our route network and feel that these destinations will be a popular choice with our customers who fly from Birmingham and are looking for sun this summer."
David Winstanley, chief operating officer at Birmingham Airport, added: "It is fabulous news that Monarch will be adding these new routes for summer 2017 offering more choice of destinations from Birmingham Airport.
"Both Split and Valencia are unserved from the airport so passengers will have the chance to visit these beautiful cities."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of television, film and live sport fans are turning to Kodi for their streaming needs.
Kodi is open-source software designed specifically with home entertainment in mind.
A lot of questions have been raised with regards to the service, but plenty of people are raving about it - and, best of all, it's totally free.
Although it was originally created for the Microsoft Xbox and called Xbox Media Center (XBMC), the software has continued to evolve, spawning a community of its own.
Kodi essentially turns any computer, smartphone or tablet into a digital set-top box or streamer, giving users the ability to stream files from the internet.
(Photo: Martyn Landi/PA Wire)
And, you'll be pleased to know, installing it couldn't be simpler.
Kodi is available on the Google Play Store, after all.
This means all you need to do is load up your device - or computer - and head to the Google Play Store.
It's worth remembering you can use either the Google Play Store app on your Android device, or alternatively, via your desktop.
To use the latter, click here.
Simply click "install" and sit back, relax and wait for the finish.
Once the download has completed, use Kodi as you would normally do.
Related Coverage Tipton High School teacher arrested for child seduction
TIPTON COUNTY, Ind. (WISH) — A teacher recently arrested for child seduction was told in 2015 to cease conduct with the student involved.
32-yearold Beau Engle, a teacher at Tipton High School, was arrested on Thursday for 10 counts of child seduction.
On April 11, a concerned parent contacted 24-Hour News 8 regarding the alleged relationship. We immediately contacted investigators with the information that came into our newsroom.
On the morning of April 13, the Tipton Police Department began an official investigation. Engle was arrested that afternoon.
School officials told Engle to cease conduct with the student in 2015 after rumors of him and the student becoming “too friendly.” At the time, school officials found no misconduct. Police were not notified in 2015.
Engle allegedly had the relationship for up to two years.
Investigators said Engle continued contact with the student, both on school grounds and off. School officials said the corporation was investigating new rumors during the same with that the 24-Hour News 8 newsroom was contacted.
The school said Engle was suspended with pay.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Arizona announced over the weekend that the program had hired former Washington head coach Lorenzo Romar as associate head coach, with Romar replacing Joe Pasternack on staff. Pasternack is now the head coach at UC Santa Barbara.
“It's an exciting day for Arizona Basketball to be able to welcome Lorenzo Romar and his family to our basketball family,” said Arizona head coach Sean Miller. “Lorenzo's accomplishments in this game speak for themselves, including his successful tenure as the head coach at Washington for the last 15 seasons. However, his dedication to his players, passion for this game and impeccable character is what everybody that knows him loves about him. He will no doubt make a significant impact in all aspects of our basketball program as we continue to build and improve in all that we do.”
Romar spent a decade-and-a-half coaching at Washington, and while the Huskies struggled towards the end of his time in Seattle, he was arguably the most successful coach in the history of the program. That was largely due to the fact that he was able to recruit so well. He sent six players to the first round of the NBA Draft in the last six seasons — that doesn't include Isaiah Thomas — and if he hadn't been fired he could have very well ended up landing the No. 1 picks in the 2017 and 2018 drafts in Markelle Fultz and Michael Porter Jr.
A Southern California native, Romar is one of the nation's best recruiters, and his addition to a program that is already landing players like Deandre Ayton should be terrifying for west coast teams.
“Of all the potential opportunities that were out there for me, joining the Arizona program was the one that was the most appealing,” Romar said. “I truly believe Sean Miller is one of the best coaches in America. The opportunity to join him, his staff and the rich tradition of Arizona Basketball is something that I'm extremely excited about.”
WASHINGTON, N.C. (WNCT) — Speeding and pedestrian safety are major concerns in Beaufort County.
Three pedestrians in the county were struck and killed by motor vehicles in 2017; one was a hit and run.
The state Highway Patrol, DOT and Washington police will begin a new campaign to crack down on speeding motorists and traffic-related deaths. The campaign is called “Speed A Little, Lose A lot.”
“Obviously, the goal is to get to zero and that is what we want to work towards,” said patrol officer Corey Rogers.
Rogers said they will focus on streets like Carolina Ave. and 15th streets, which see a lot of speeders.
“Speeding is an issue in some of the areas,” said Rogers. “We just want to advise people to slow it down cause you know it's not worth it to sacrifice somebody on the road.
The campaign with the Washington Police Department will begin on Thursday and last 10 days.
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, in 2015, there were 322 speed-related fatalities and more than 10,000 speed-related injuries in North Carolina.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Terry update
Aston Villa captain John Terry wants to play on next season - and he hopes to come up against his former club Chelsea.
Terry ended a 22-year association with Chelsea last summer and linked up with long time admirer Steve Bruce at Villa Park.
The 37-year-old agreed to a one-year contract and admitted that a key factor behind his decision to join Villa was so that he wouldn't come face to face with his beloved Chelsea.
Terry has now decided to play on for at least another year and hopes to lead Villa into the Premier League which would see a reunion with his former club.
The Sunday People reports Terry has indicated to Bruce that he would be happy to stay at B6.
However, Premier League football could be key to securing the deal. Terry would land a hefty bonus if Villa returned to the big time, but he'd have to take a pay cut to remain at the club if it were in the Championship.
Apart from a two-month spell on the sidelines due to a broken metatarsal, Terry has been a constant in Villa's backline and has become a hugely popular figure in the dressing room and on the terraces.
Local lad Jack Grealish is playing the best football of his Villa career and Terry is understood to have taken the 22-year-old under his wing in order to help him fulfill his potential.
Bruce has gone on record many a time to explain why Terry is far more than just a fantastic footballer.
“People like Glenn Whelan, Mile Jedinak and John Terry in particular have been there done it and worn the t-shirt,” Bruce said recently.
“The more you have of them the better.
“The reason I brought them here was not just to handle big games but to handle Aston Villa.
“They have done that fantastically well all season.”
Stopper targeted
Aston Villa are lining up a move for Feyenoord's former Liverpool goalkeeper Brad Jones, reports the Sunday People.
Steve Bruce is planning to bolster his goalkeeping department in the summer and has reportedly sent Tony Coton to watch Jones in action recently.
Jones, 35, has spent the past two seasons in Holland with Feyenoord as their No.1 having been an understudy throughout his career.
The Australian has 69 appearances across the past two seasons and has played Champions League football this term.
He's kept nine clean sheets in 31 appearances this season and Feyenoord sit fifth in the Eredivisie table.
Bruce has always maintained current goalkeeper Sam Johnstone remains his first choice long term custodian for Villa, but his situation is one of uncertainty.
If Villa are promoted to the Premier League then they should be able to fund a deal to bring Johnstone to Villa Park from Manchester United permanently.
If they don't go up, however, a deal for Johnstone becomes difficult.
In the meantime, Bruce and his scouting staff will continue to come up with contingency plans in the eventuality of each scenario.
Mountain to climb
“We want our Villa back,” sang irate supporters at the end of the last two campaigns.
And regardless of the outcome of this season, it's fair to say the supporters have got what they asked for.
Watching the claret and blues this term has been fun.
Okay it might not feel that way after back-to-back defeats against Bolton and QPR left Steve Bruce's troops praying Cardiff City slip up in their final nine games.
But for the majority of this season - minus that awful start - Villa have been one of the best-performing teams in the division.
The difference between the opening months of the season and 2018 is huge.
Villa is no longer pushovers, they're a force to be reckoned with on the road, always good for a goal, exciting to watch and have the quality to batter any team at Villa Park as high-flying Wolves and Bristol City have already found out this year.
And to think, they've kept up with the pace for long periods despite a crippling injury crisis.
Jonathan Kodjia has missed the majority of the campaign, Jack Grealish sat out of the first three months, John Terry was sidelined for 10 games and now the left-back situation is stretched with Alan Hutton and Neil Taylor both missing.
Mile Jedinak, the experienced head in the middle, has also missed large chunks of the season and Glenn Whelan has had to sit out of recent games with a calf injury.
Warnock seething
Neil Warnock was furious after Cardiff City were denied the chance to extend their lead over Aston Villa to 10 points.
The Bluebirds' match at Derby County was postponed due to the weather this morning - but Warnock wasn't having any of it.
The 69-year-old, who has guided Cardiff to 76 points from 37 matches, believes Derby's crippling injury list had something to do with the game being called off early this morning.
“I'm very disappointed but not overly surprised after I heard Gary's (Rowett) remarks earlier in the week about the injury crisis,” he told Sky Sports News.
“I think it's a disgrace quite frankly. You look at (Derby's) game two weeks ago against Fulham. A lot of Derby fans are saying that was 10 times worse.
“I can't accept that today and it leaves a sour taste. I think it's scandalous, me.
“Now the EFL will try and force us to play on the first available date which gives us three tough away games.
“We are going to have to fight tooth and nail against that as we shouldn't be punished for something like this because it isn't our doing and I believe it's a big travesty.”
Cardiff will now return from the international break and face the prospect of nine matches in little over a month which will define their season.
Competition for Bryan
Aston Villa have been joined by two Premier Leagues sides in the race for Bristol City full back Joe Bryan, according to the Sunday People.
Villa are said to be keeping tabs on Bryan ahead of the summer transfer window and reportedly fancy their chances of landing the highly-rated defender if they achieve promotion to the Premier League.
But they will face competition to land the 24-year-old with Everton and Newcastle United also having shown an interest.
Bryan has played 41 games for Bristol City this season in all competitions, scoring five goals, including a wonder strike against Manchester United in the quarter-finals of the Carabao Cup which won goal of the round.
Villa will undoubtedly add to their squad in the close season, particularly if they find themselves in the top flight for the 2018-19 campaign, and left-back may be a position that comes under consideration.
The position this season has been contested by regular Neil Taylor and right-back Alan Hutton, though Bryan has also shone in the Championship.
National reports claimed that Villa's chief scout Tony Coton has already run the rule over Bryan and has been impressed by what he's seen.
Everton are keen to sign Bryan as they look for a replacement for long-term left back Leighton Baines.
Baines, 33, has made almost 400 appearances for the Merseyside club since arriving at Goodison Park from Wigan in 2007.
Both Everton and Newcastle were also linked with the £7m-rated Bryan in January.
Upper Corentyne Cricket Association hosts first ever Award Ceremony
History would be created on the 10th June, 2018, when the Upper Corentyne Cricket Association holds the first ever Award Ceremony for Cricketers in the Upper Corentyne Sub-Association. The hosting of the Award Ceremony would be the fulfillment of a promise made to Clubs by President of the Berbice Cricket Board Hilbert Foster during a Face the Club Meeting in April. The Award Ceremony would be held at the popular Taj Mahal Hotel and would receive sponsorship from the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS and the Berbice Cricket Board.
Among the Awards to be shared would be Under-15 Player of the Year, Under-17 Player of the Year, Under-19 Player of the Year, School of the Year and Cricketer of the Year. The Awardees would receive trophies and medals, while the Cricketer of the Year would carry home a bicycle. The Upper Corentyne Cricket Association would also create history when it unveils the Upper Corentyne Cricket Hall of Fame to honour Players who have represented Guyana and have since retired. They include Sydney Jackman, Imran Jafarally and Maxwell Georgeson. Ex Berbice Players including Bhim George, Kawal Prashad and Esmond Winter would also be recognised and honoured by the Upper Corentyne Cricket Association.
Primary and Secondary Schools who participated in the Upper Corentyne Cricket Association organised tournaments would be honoured, while the sponsors would receive Certificates of Appreciation.
Executive of the Upper Corentyne Cricket Association, Sydney Jackman is expected to present a comprehensive report on the work of the sub-association, while President of the Berbice Cricket Board Hilbert Foster has been invited to be the Guest Speaker, Foster is also expected to hand over cricket balls to clubs along with educational posters.
The Berbice Cricket Board President during his Face the Clubs Meeting had committed himself and Board to organising cricket at the 20/20, 40-Overs level and Double Wicket levels in the Sub-Association, while he had also informed the Clubs that the Berbice Cricket Board would organise County-wide Tournaments at the Under-15, Under-17, Under-19, Under-21, Second Division and First Division levels.
Foster had also promised that the Berbice Cricket Board and Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS would support the hosting of the Award Ceremony, while special emphasis would be placed on coaching. The Berbice Cricket Board has already acquired sponsorship for all of the promised Cricket Tournaments, while the Coaching Programmes would start from this weekend.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:58 Meet Sara, a string-loving kitty who needs a good home Pause 1:22 Meet Holly and Pepper: 2 full-figured shelter dogs who need forever homes 0:45 Pet Tales: Meet senior cat Tawny, a sweet calico 1:18 Meet Clyde: A shelter pup looking for his forever home 0:38 Gentle Ellie the cat is looking for a home for the holidays 1:03 Meet Dally: This energetic pup is up for adoption at SLO County animal shelter 0:41 Meet Sherbet: A super sweet orange tabby looking for her forever home 0:57 Meet Dallas: A gentle shelter pup looking for her forever home 2:04 Meet Milady, a shelter cat who carries her tail with a question mark 1:53 Angel and Sassy sound like opposites — but they're both sweet dogs looking for a home Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Sara is an 8-month-old kitty with a patchwork coat who is currently in a foster home. She's a friendly kitty who's happy to meet new people, and especially likes chasing anything on a string. For more information about Sara, contact the San Luis Obispo County Animal Services shelter at 805-781-4413. Ellen Perryess San Luis Obispo County Animal Services
Sara is an 8-month-old kitty with a patchwork coat who is currently in a foster home. She's a friendly kitty who's happy to meet new people, and especially likes chasing anything on a string. For more information about Sara, contact the San Luis Obispo County Animal Services shelter at 805-781-4413. Ellen Perryess San Luis Obispo County Animal Services
CARTAGENA, Colombia (AP) — Demonstrating the delicate balancing act that has come to define his vice presidency, Mike Pence tried to strike a balance Sunday in Colombia between Latin American opposition to possible U.S. military intervention in neighboring Venezuela, and President Donald Trump's surprising refusal to rule out that option.
Speaking during a joint news conference with Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos shortly after his arrival in Latin America, Pence also declined to rule out possible military action against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, whose efforts to consolidate power in the country have drawn alarm. Still, Pence stressed the U.S. would much prefer what he called a “peaceable” solution to the growing political and humanitarian crisis.
“President Trump is a leader who says what he means and means what he says,” Pence said. “But the president sent me here to continue to marshal the unprecedented support of countries across Latin America to achieve by peaceable means the restoration of democracy in Venezuela, and we believe it is achievable by those means.”
Trump's startling comments Friday sparked backlash across the region, including from Venezuela's chief opposition coalition and the Colombian government.
Standing at Pence's side in Cartagena after a joint meeting, Santos said he had repeatedly told Pence in no uncertain terms that the U.S. must not even consider military action in response to Venezuela's crisis.
The two countries are important allies, Santos said. “But since friends have to tell each other the truth, I have told Vice President Pence that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered, neither in Colombia nor in Latin America,” Santos said through a translator. “America is a continent of peace. It is the land of peace. Let us preserve it as such.”
Analysists said Trump's comments played into Maduro's hands by awakening dark memories of U.S. intervention in the region and making it harder for other Latin American countries to join the anti-Maduro coalition. “The phantom of military interventions in Latin America disappeared a long time ago, and we don't want it to return,” Santos said.
Pence emphasized the U.S. will work together with many nations in Venezuela's “neighborhood” to pressure Maduro so that Venezuela's democracy can be restored.
“We simply will not accept the emergence of a dictatorship in our hemisphere,” he said, continuing the tough talk that has been Trump's approach to Maduro. “The United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles,” he said.
Pence also addressed the deadly violence that broke out Saturday during a march by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, using words the president would not. “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said. “These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Trump has been criticized by both Democrats and Republicans for not singling out those groups directly in a lengthy Saturday statement and instead blaming “many sides” for the violence.
Pence insisted the president had “clearly and unambiguously condemned the bigotry, violence and hatred which took place on the streets of Charlottesville” and blamed the media for the criticism. “We should be putting the attention where it belongs, and that is on these extremist groups that need to be pushed out of the public debate entirely,” he said.
Pence also addressed the spike in coca production in the Colombia, saying the worsening crisis required “swift action to protect the people of both our countries.” A July report from the United Nations showed that coca production in Colombia had reached levels not seen in two decades, complicating Colombia's efforts to make its vast, lawless countryside more secure.
Venezuelan Vice President Tareck El Aissami lashed out at Pence, rejecting what he called “interventionist” comments intended to hide the failure of US anti-narcotics policies in Colombia. He dismissed Pence's meeting with Santos as “an encounter between the world's largest producer of drugs and the nation with the most consumers.”
El Aissami was sanctioned by the Trump administration in February for allegedly running a drug trafficking network of corrupt officials in Venezuela.
Pence and his wife, Karen, arrived Sunday in Colombia for a six-day, four-country trip through the region. Pence has other stops scheduled in Argentina, Chile and Panama, giving speeches and meeting with leaders.
White House officials tried Sunday to explain Trump's decision to raise the prospect of possible military action in Venezuela.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo said Trump was trying “to give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Pompeo told “Fox News Sunday” that Venezuela “could very much become a risk” to the U.S. if it descended into further chaos.
Yet a Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee who calls himself “a pretty hawkish guy” expressed skepticism about the idea of American troops in Caracas.
“I have no idea why we would use military force in Venezuela. I'm open-minded to a reason, but at the end of the day, our military should be deployed when there's a national security interest that can be articulated to the American people,” South Carolina's Lindsey Graham told “‘Fox News Sunday,” adding: “I don't see one in Venezuela in terms of the military force.”
Trump's national security adviser, who has previously warned against military talk, said the Trump administration wants to get a handle on the current situation under Maduro's embattled government and “understand better how this crisis might evolve.”
“The president never takes options off the table in any of these situations and what we owe him are options,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.”
The U.S. has imposed sanctions against Maduro and more than two dozen current and former officials in response to a crackdown on opposition leaders and the recent election of a pro-government assembly given the job of rewriting the country's constitution.
Venezuela's chief opposition coalition issued a restrained criticism of Trump's talk of using a “military option.” The coalition rejected “the use of force or threats of applying the same in Venezuela on the part of any country.” But the coalition's statement didn't directly mention Trump's remarks.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
/ Front page / News
ONE of the challenges the Land Transport Authority (LTA) faces is in the increased level of court filing fees associated with the rise in red light and speed camera bookings.
Minister for Transport, Parveen Kumar said the ministry was in the process of rectifying this issue.
"We will be looking into this issue and will be further discussing this with the relevant ministries with the view to getting LTA exempted from court filing fees," he said.
Mr Kumar also highlighted that LTA had outsourced its enveloping and notification delivery services to Post Fiji Ltd and was currently looking at amending the current legislation timeline for customers to pay at LTA from 21 days to 48 days in a bid to improve on the timeliness.
He said the public needed to be educated on road issues if a decline in road fatalities in the country was to be seen.
"Red light and speeding cameras are only one enforcement tool in improving road safety. It complements the joint enforcement initiatives undertaken by LTA and Fiji police to address driver attitude and behaviour," he said.
"There is also a continuing need to educate and inform the public.
"LTA, in conjunction with my ministry and other stakeholders have continued our efforts to promote road safety in Fiji through the Fiji Decade of Action for Road Safety by advocating road safety education and awareness, billboards, school patrol, road marshals, and community initiative projects like the supply and distribution of school patrols."
Meanwhile, LTA has continued with its program of installing red light and speed cameras across Fiji.
There are currently 25 fixed poles on which 10 cameras are operated on a rotational basis.
Three of these cameras are dual red-light/speed whereas seven are speed cameras only.
People use newly installed automated security lanes at McCarran International airport — one of the airports where an Oregon man made harassing calls, reporting family members as terrorists because they were invited to a family wedding and he wasn't, according to court documents. John Locher AP
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
In an effort to prevent further outbreak of Lassa fever, Ebonyi Government is to begin intensive campaigns against rat consumption in rural areas.
The state Commissioner for Environment, Chief Donatus Njoku, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Monday in Abakaliki that the government would explore all avenues to dissuade the citizens from consuming rats.
The Lassa fever outbreak in the state in January resulted in four deaths and it is believed that inhabitants of the state erroneously believe rats have high nutritional value.
Njoku said: “Rats are the primary vectors of the disease, and we are vigorously carrying out enlightenment through mass media, workshops, seminars and various ministries' communication channels.
“We will collaborate with traditional rulers and other opinion leaders at the grassroots to educate rural dwellers to shun such a notion and realise that rat is the disease's primary vector.
“We have also continued to sensitise the populace to urgently report suspected cases to relevant health agencies.
“With the total functionality of the state government-owned South-East Virology Centre, such an occurrence can be expeditiously handled.''
On sanitation, Njoku said that contrary to insinuations, non-observance of the monthly sanitation in the state did not affect effective sanitation.
“State and Federal Government functions sometimes fall on the last Saturday of the month, and when this occurs, we have to comply.
“The state government has evolved policies which make the populace to clean their environments on daily basis and not wait for designated days,” he said.
Njoku told Newsmen that the state Ministry of Environment ensured that state government ministries and parastatal-agencies cleaned their environments daily as directed by the governor.
“We assess their performances to ascertain the level of compliance; to show his seriousness toward the directive, the governor visits the ministries for on-the-spot assessments.
“We encourage the people to keep their environments clean to improve their health,” he said.
The Niger-Delta Power Holding Company of Nigeria (NDPHC) says it has embarked on construction of 120 transmission stations and sub -stations and 10 critical generation projects to support power generation and supply in the country.
The Managing Director of NDPHC, Mr Chiedu Ugbo, said this in an interview with newsmen in Kano on Monday.
He said that the company was also involved in the construction of distribution lines to increase distribution of electricity to the rural communities.
“We have projects on going; we have 10 power generation projects; we have completed eight of the projects and two is on the verge of completion when commissioned, it will be transferred to the grid.“
According to him, among the 10 critical generation plants, two of the projects, Olorosogun project in Ogun and Geregu in Kogi, are not located in the Niger-Delta region.
He listed the other generation projects in the Niger Delta to include projects those in Calabar, Abia, Omaku in Rivers and Bayelsa.
Others are Sapele in Delta, Benin and Omotosho projects in Ondo State.
Ugbo said the company had also completed a distribution line for Ibadan DisCo to consolidate the supply of electricity to communities in its franchise area.
“The Maboro project is a line we did from Okaro substation; it is a 33kv line and every community along that line will tap in to it; so it is for Ibadan DisCo.
“We provided the line and the communities have not had light over the years; Ibadan DisCo is gradually connecting the people .“
He urged DisCos to energise and make use of the distribution projects provided for them.
This, he said, would deter vandals from destroying the completed projects.
The Mamanging Director said that the company was getting adequate support and funding from the Federal Government to execute its projects.
He, however, decried the spate of vandalism on some of its on-going projects in the country.
“Government is giving us all the support; vandalism is the major challenge; the line we are doing from Ikotu Ekpene to Afam has been vandalised; so it is a challenge. But we are beefing up security in that area.“
He said NDPHC was expending huge amount of money to repair and restore some of the installations destroyed by vandals.
“ We are spending up to N50 million to N70 million on changing and repairing projects that were vandalised.
“It is a huge loss, but we have to do it because Nigerians must have light and that is the mandate that the President gave us.”
B2B series will bring in local experts to discuss the economy, strategies for growing your business and using social media
Montecito Bank & Trust will present its Business to Business (B2B) series this fall that will feature local business experts.
Each event, from 5 to 7:30 p.m. at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort, 633 E. Cabrillo Blvd. in Santa Barbara, will have a nationally recognized business keynote speaker followed by a panel discussion with local business experts.
“We know that small-business activity is the economic engine of this country and especially of our community, and we wanted to be a part of the local solution,” Montecito Bank & Trust president and CEO Janet Garufis said. “By providing opportunities for business owners to come together to learn and share ideas, we hope to be a catalyst for local economic business growth.”
The first B2B series event, titled “What Today's Economy Means for Your Growing Business,” will analyze what the national economy's trends mean for local business owners.
Bill Watkins, executive director of the Cal Lutheran University Center for Economic Research & Forecasting, will host the event on Sept. 27. After Watkins, Francois DeJohn of Hayes Commercial Group will speak about the local real estate market, and Kathleen Campbell of C&D LLP will discuss the local tax landscape.
The next event, on Oct. 27, will feature The Table Group co-founder John Rodriguez in “Putting Together the Right Team for Your Growing Business.”
Rodriguez will offer four disciplines of a healthy organization and strategies to overcome a team's dysfunctions. A panel of three CEOs will join him, including Dr. Philip Wyatt of Wyatt Technology Corp., Gordon Hardey of Jeannine's Restaurant and Cielito Restaurant, and Jeff Slay of Neovia Insurance Services.
The last event of the series is called “Social Media for Your Growing Business.”
Author and entrepreneur Peter Shankman will discuss new ways of thinking about social media in regards to public relations, marketing, advertising and customer service. Local social media experts Lynda Weinman of Lynda.com, Shawn Mulchay of SocialMash Media and UCSB Web analytic professor Nikki Gauthier will join the panel discussion.
Click here to register or for more information about the events.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
INFORMATION: To learn more about the event, and this year's Petaluma Shakespeare Festival, visit PetalumaShakespeare.org.
Kristina Wenz, Artistic Director of the Petaluma Shakespeare Company, considers the lush, secluded riverside lawn at the Petaluma Foundry Wharf business park to be more than just a beautiful spot to visit. For her and the artists who annually produce Shakespeare plays here every summer, this lawn — not to mention the nearby grove of trees and the shadowy, winding stairway — is their stage, their playground, and their home.
Now in its fourth consecutive year, Petaluma Shakespeare Company transforms the Foundry Wharf into a free Shakespeare festival every summer, staging at least one show for the entertainment of patrons, who set up chairs and blankets to enjoy the words and stories of William Shakespeare — and more. This summer, the company is presenting the rarely-staged dark comedy “All's Well That Ends Well,” along with a special dance-theater piece titled “Wordless Shakespeare.”
“We just love it out here,” says Wenz, with a sweeping gesture, taking in the grass, the riverside dock, the surrounding buildings. “We all feel so grateful, every year, that the Foundry Wharf makes this space available to us. With all of this beauty as a backdrop, it's such a great place to perform, and to attend a show. It's really a wonderful gift to us and to the community.”
With a smile, Wenz adds, “Though it is not without its challenges to be here doing Shakespeare in an open space like this, with the many surprises that the weather can bring.”
She's referring to last year's soaring 107 degree temperatures, and the coolers of frozen peas she brought to the Foundry Wharf. The actors, presenting afternoon performances of the epic “Henry IV, Part 1,” tucked those peas under their costumes to stay cool during especially hot performances.
“Those peas really helped a lot,” Wenz laughs.
For what it's worth, she adds that Petaluma Shakespeare will no longer doing such hot, mid-day matinees.
“This year, we're doing most of our shows at 7 p.m., when it gets cooler, with Sunday Matinees at 4,” she says. “That's better anyway, because now it will get dark and the stars come out overhead. It's going to be magical.”
One thing that's not changing, she points out, is Petaluma Shakespeare Company's commitment to presenting their shows for free.
“I believe in free Shakespeare,” says Wenz. “Libraries offer books, and we offer Shakespeare.Sometimes, people do want to make a donation, and we set up a vase for that, if someone wants to drop in some money. Some people give a twenty, and a lot of people just enjoy the show, which is totally fine.”
Last year, Wenz estimates, such donations averaged out to about a dollar per audience member. Clearly, that's not enough to present a full Shakespeare production, even if the company does tend toward contemporary settings of Shakespeare's plays, allowing them to avoid having to rent elaborate Elizabethan costumes.
How is all of this paid for then, the lights and sound equipment, the props and all?
With a single, annual fundraising event known as “Shakespeare in the Vineyard,” held annually on the grounds of Petaluma's Azari Vineyards. This year, the event takes place on Sunday, June 3, from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. (see info box for details).
“This is our one-and-only fundraiser, so it's pretty important,” Wenz says of the gala afternoon. Along with plenty of wine and food, including pizzas made in the winery's wood-burning oven, this year's event will feature short performances of Shakespeare soliloquys, and music by Steven Harrison of New York's Metropolitan Opera.“He's a beautiful opera singer, and also an amazing actor,” says Wenz. “It's going to be a lovely event, a short and sweet afternoon celebrating Shakespeare, and making it possible to continue to present our shows as a gift to Petaluma.”
Software AG taps former Quest Software exec to lead A/NZ
Brenton Smith joins from regional role at former Dell subsidiary.
German software and consulting company, Software AG has appointed Brenton Smith as the new head of its Australia and New Zealand (A/NZ) business.
The company said Smith will oversee its operations in the local market "with a focus on expanding its customers' success and generating new business for the company's Digital Business Platform portfolio of solutions."
Smith replaces Gordon Gakovic who left the company in January this year and is now A/NZ country manager at Tenable Network Security
"This is a very exciting time to be joining Software AG as the company builds on the momentum of its successful market adoption of its digital business platform," Smith said.
"I look forward to engaging with our customers and partners in Australia and New Zealand and working with the entire Software AG team to successfully execute its new go-to-market strategy."
Smith joins the company from former Dell subsidiary, Quest Software, where he was in charge of the Asia Pacific and Japan (APJ) region. As reported by ARN, the company was hit by a double executive departure in February when Smith and A/NZ managing director, Klasie Holtzhausen, left within weeks of each other.
Prior to his time at Quest, Smith spent four years at Symantec, initially in a regional channel role and then as the head of the cybersecurity vendor's A/NZ operations.
He has also spent time at CA Technologies, Business Objects, Siebel Systems and Brightstar Information Technology Group.
"I am delighted to welcome Brenton to Software AG," Software AG senior vice president, APJ, Mike Saxton, said. "The breadth and depth of his 20-year experience in enterprise software and the Communications Technology (ICT) industry coupled with his customer centric mindset will be instrumental in accelerating the adoption of our Digital Business Platform.
"His skills in building and leading world-class sales teams will be invaluable as we grow our market share in Australia and New Zealand."
People pay tribute at a memorial along Yonge Street, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Toronto, the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks, striking and killing numerous pedestrians in his path. The Canadian Press via AP Nathan Denette
South Korean basketball players arrive at a hotel in Pyongyang, North Korea, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. South Korean basketball teams and officials arrived on Tuesday to take part in the inter-Korean basketball match in Pyongyang. (Korea Pool via AP)
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 18 March 2018:
Elections in Sierra Leone that are currently underway, have thrown up some of the most bizarre campaign strategies and tactics ever seen in the nation's history. The Chinese backed ruling APC party proudly referring to its leaders and supporters as Black Chinese, are not only throwing cash at voters to win their support, but are now being accused of massive electoral fraud and ballot stuffing.
Results of the first-round voting which took place last Wednesday, show that none of the parties' presidential candidates have been able to win outright majority of 55% needed to form a government.
A run-off will now take place on Tuesday, 27 March 2018, between the ruling APC candidate – Samura Kamara and the opposition SLPP's Julius Maada Bio. Dr Kandeh Yumkella of the NGC, is expected to support the opposition SLPP in winning the run-off and form a coalition government of national unity.
But anxiety has been growing over the role and influence of China and its citizens in helping the ruling APC win the elections, by any means necessary. The Chinese have directly and openly campaigned with APC supporters on the streets.
Writing in the Diplomat, Arran Elcoate – a Casberd Scholar at St. Johns College, Oxford University, analyses China's role and influence in Sierra Leone's presidential and general elections. This is what he said:
China is playing an unusually direct role in Sierra Leone's presidential campaign.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's warning, made on his first and last official visit to Africa, that “African countries” should be careful not to “forfeit their sovereignty” in their dealings with China seems particularly pertinent as Sierra Leone heads to the polls for the second time later this month.
Following an inconclusive result in the first presidential election last Tuesday, the next election will be a two-horse race between the ruling All People's Congress (APC) and the Sierra Leone People's Party.
The National Grand Coalition, once touted as a likely contender to break Sierra Leone's two-party system, was decisively routed, achieving only 6.9 percent of the vote.
Support for the APC, which came in a narrow second place in the first round of voting, stems from a surprising source; not just from native Sierra Leoneans, but also Sierra Leone's biggest trading partner, China.
A stir was caused recently by footage of ethnically Chinese men campaigning alongside the APC in full party uniform, raising the issue of direct partisan involvement by China in Sierra Leone's political process.
This is but the latest in a long string of such incidents confirming the close relationship between the APC and the ruling Communist Party in China.
In 2017 construction began on a seven story “Friendship Building” donated by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) to the APC and earlier this year at an APC rally supporters could be heard chanting “We are Chinese! We are Chinese!”, an expression of support for the country that has poured vast amounts of resources into Sierra Leone.
Under President Ernest Koroma, Chinese investment in Sierra Leone has significantly expanded. Under Koroma's headship, Chinese resources have been poured into a new freeway system, a hospital, and a $318 million airport. It is the last of these investments that has received particularly sharp criticism.
Both the World Bank and the IMF have criticized the project, suggesting that this hugely expensive project is a poor use of resources when Sierra Leone is still recovering from a devastating Ebola outbreak.
It is projects like this that informed Tillerson's criticism of China's “predatory loan practices” in Africa.
However, while the United States remains the leading aid donor to Africa, it was China that took the lead in responding to Sierra Leone's Ebola outbreak and to the global fall in iron ore prices, which badly hit the country in 2014.
Indeed, Koroma is supportive of China's influence in his country. Speaking in China in 2016 he praised Chinese investment: “(With) the support of friends like China we have been able to roll out programs of recovery to restore our utilities, get our services back and provide support for our private sector to get the market properly operating again.”
Whether this close relationship with a foreign power will help Koroma's party as they proceed to the polls for the second time remains to be seen. His party is suffering in the aftermath of the Ebola epidemic, the drop in the price of iron ore, and a huge mudslide in Freetown, the capital city, last year, which killed approximately 1,100 people.
While the rally cry of “We are Chinese” confirms some support for the Asian giant among Sierra Leoneans, it seems many share Tillerson's concerns regarding China's “predatory loan practices” and use of imported Chinese workers over native Sierra Leoneans.
Similar sentiments won the 2011 election for Zambia's Micheal Sata who attacked an equally heavy Chinese presence in his own country, memorably stating that “Zambia has become a province of China.”
Even if the Sierra Leone People's Party manages to win the election, however, it seems unlikely that the increased Chinese role in Sierra Leone will be overturned altogether. The relationship between the two countries runs deeper than links between the APC and the CCP, going back to Sierra Leone's independence in 1961.
However, while a loss by the APC in the forthcoming election might not herald the rejection of Chinese investment in Sierra Leone, it could represent a rejection of something more significant and more sinister: direct involvement by the Chinese Communist Party in the free elections of an African nation.
China's move into Sierra Leonean politics, coming at a time when Chinese President Xi Jinping is taking decisive steps to undermine democracy in China, is but another aspect of China's growing influence over Africa.
With China expanding their “soft power” via the Kenyan television marketand their military power with the establishment of a naval base in Djibouti, it remains to be seen whether Tillerson's warning will be heeded by Sierra Leone.
About the author
Arran Elcoate is a Casberd Scholar at St. Johns College, Oxford University. This story was published in the Diplomat.
Editor's note
Videos and pictures have been added by the Sierra Leone Telegraph.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
CAROLINA BEACH, NC (WWAY) — Artists are helping little artists at Pleasure Island.
The Island Arts and Culture Alliance is a group of volunteers who work to raise awareness of art and culture at Pleasure Island.
- Advertisement -
They presented Carolina Beach Elementary School with $1,000 for the music department to purchase 20 ukeleles Thursday.
In addition, they also gave $750 to the Montessori Elementary School for art and print supplies and $500 for their music department's budget.
The County of Santa Barbara encourages comments from the public on the draft environmental impact report for the Goleta Beach County Park 2.0 Project.
The county Community Services Department is proposing the project in response to the California Coastal Commission's denial of a prior permeable pier solution to managing the park and directive to develop a long-term solution to the park that balances the recreational resources of the park while accommodating natural coastal processes.
The draft EIR for the project was released to the public, stakeholders and interested local, state and federal agencies on June 3. The period for which the public and interested stakeholders can submit comments on the adequacy of the draft EIR extends to Aug, 1.
The draft EIR and additional information pertaining to the project may be obtained on the county Planning & Development Department's website by clicking here. The draft EIR is also available for review at the Santa Barbara Downtown Branch Library at 40 E. Anapamu St. and Goleta Branch Library at 500 N. Fairview Ave.
Santa Barbara County P&D is soliciting comments on the adequacy and completeness of the analysis and proposed mitigation measures described in the draft EIR, as well as the discussion and assessment of project alternatives.
The public may comment by providing testimony at a public hearing on the draft EIR held by P&D staff at 5 p.m. July 23 in the Goleta Union School District Board Meeting Room at 401 N. Fairview Ave., and/or submitting written or oral comments to project planner Alex Tuttle at 123 E. Anapamu St., Santa Barbara, CA 93101, 805.884.6844, .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) prior to the close of public comment on Aug. 1.
— David Villalobos is a board assistant supervisor for Santa Barbara County.
Fox News host Sean Hannity, who reportedly built part of his wealth with assistance from the federal government while stereotyping Blacks as abusers of the system and condemning poor people who depend on government subsidies for their survival, comes across as quite the hypocrite.
See Also: Here's What We Know About Sean Hannity's Entanglement In The Trump Investigation
Records indicate that the conservative news pundit used multiple shell companies to shield his identity as the person who spent at least $90 million to purchase 877 residential properties, spread out across several states, the Guardian reported. His portfolio benefited from a program under President Barack Obama‘s administration and increased in value under Ben Carson‘s Department of Housing and Urban Development.
The investigation stemmed from the unexpected revelation that Hannity was a client of President Donald Trump's private attorney, Michael Cohen, who's under criminal investigation. A judge ordered Cohen's lawyers to reveal the identity of his clients during at an April 16 hearing.
Sean Hannity is linked to $90 million of properties bought through shell companies with help from federal government https://t.co/B7eZg5cBl3 pic.twitter.com/sT5BNOpgU3 — Newsweek (@Newsweek) April 24, 2018
Hannity has used his popular cable news program to decry government aid to the poor, going out of his way to stigmatize Blacks as people who game the system. However, Hannity had no problem using a federal program to build his real estate empire.
The talk show host purchased dozens of properties with mortgages for $17.9 million with the help of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, which insured the loans under the federal government's National Housing Act program.
Those loans were guaranteed under the Obama administration and increased by $ 5 million with support from Carson, President Donald Trump's housing secretary.
Hannity was one of the fiercest Obama critics, including falsely blaming the nation's first Black president for the housing foreclosure crisis. However, Hannity had no problem scooping up scores of discounted foreclosed properties in 2013.
Fox claims to be the cable TV news space that gives voice to the nation's moral right. Yet the network reportedly saw nothing wrong with extending the contract of former host Bill O'Reilly after he paid out a $32 million sexual harassment settlement. The network ultimately fired him after revelations were made public about numerous sexual harassment allegations.
Will Hannity be next? He allegedly failed to disclose his relationship with Cohen while berating the special counsel Robert Mueller, who has been investigating Trump and Cohen. Hannity also neglected to mention his real estate empire while praising Carson on his show.
SEE ALSO:
Waffle House Shooter Held On Bond While Countless Black People Are Denied Bail For Nonviolent Crimes
Here's Why Kanye West Joined The Cult Of Donald Trump
It's hot, steamy and going to rain, said the weatherman every day for the last two weeks. Never fear, the Marrero Collection is here. With scarves and cover-up's to keep you looking “summer chic” — tonight, it's one of my favorite things.
Looking chic in a hundred degrees doesn't have to be impossible, thanks to Carlos Marrero, AKA the “Scarf Man.”
Bye-bye bad hair days.
Carlos Marrero, Scarf Man: “People always say, ‘Why scarves in So-Flo? That doesn't go.' And I say, ‘Have you ever had a bad hair day? Who are you?'”
We met up with the designer poolside at Loews Miami Beach Hotel to get deets on dressing in the summer heat.
Carlos Marrero: “Tie it around your jeans as a belt, tie it as a sarong, tie it as a top, braid it into your hair.”
Carlos created the Marrero Collection by transferring his graphic art onto silk in 2014.
Carlos Marrero: “It's like you're wrapped in a Mona Lisa or a Picasso. You're wrapped in a Marrero.”
Caitlyn Jenner is a fan — wearing them on reality TV.
The Bella twins on Hollywood Medium and Cynthia Bailey on Real Housewives of Atlanta.
Carlos Marrero: “When you see people in Paris and in Florence walking around with a scarf it just elevates the look.”
Now, Carlos is releasing a capsule collection of swimsuit cover-up's.
Carlos Marrero: “I decided to go black and white — simple but very, very sophisticated. Very chic.”
Each look can take you from poolside to cocktail party.
Carlos Marrero: “What I want is for this woman to walk down the beach or to get out of the pool and people say ‘OMG who is she? I need to know that girl. That is it girl.'”
I scarfed up Carlos' tips, tying different designs in, around and through my hair — perfect for our hot and humid days.
Carlos Marrero: “That hair needs to be tamed! You're giving me lion!”
Don't let summer slap you around!
In the Marrero Collection, they'll never see you sweat — that's why it's one of my favorite things.
The Marrero Collection looks were styled by the very talented Gabreila Medina.
By the way, Carlos and his creations will be featured on the Home Shopping Network this fall.
FOR MORE INFO:
marrero-collection.myshopify.com
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ritchie De Laet has been suspended by the Royal Belgian Football Association and fined €1,200 for making ‘obscene gestures towards a referee'.
Aston Villa defender De Laet is currently enjoying a loan spell at Belgian side Royal Antwerp, whom he started his professional career with.
The 29-year-old right-back departed Villa temporarily in January and has made 14 appearances for Antwerp in the Belgian Pro League.
The incident involving the former Leicester City defender, who joined Villa in a £2.5million transfer two years ago, occurred during a recent match against St. Truiden.
Chuba Akpom, on loan at Truiden from Arsenal, challenged Antwerp goalkeeper Sinan Bolat and De Laet reacted angrily.
The Belgian defender can be seen clearly making offensive signs and gestures in the direction of referee Christof Dierick.
Dierick booked De Laet but the Disputes Committee has since reviewed the footage.
Initially, federal prosecutor Gilles Blondeau demanded De Laet be given a one-match ban and a €400 fine – but commission president Hubert Poncelet has handed the full-back a bigger penalty.
De Laet apologised for his ‘highly inappropriate gestures' at the hearing and his lawyer, Thomas Machtelinckx, requested for the one-match suspension not to be increased.
De Laet also claimed the gestures were not aimed towards the official.
Their request was rejected by the committee.
(Image: Kristof Terreur/@HLNinEngeland)
Poncelet said: "The committee is of the opinion that De Laet's gestures absolutely do not belong on a football field, as the player himself admits. It does not matter whether the gestures were addressed to the referee or not.”
Unless Antwerp appeal the sanction, De Laet will take the suspension into next season.
Villa sanctioned De Laet's loan move in the January window with a view to it being made permanent this summer.
It's understood both De Laet and Antwerp are keen to come to an agreement, but it's likely the Villa defender will need to take a pay cut in order for that to happen.
Gollini boost
Aston Villa's coffers are set to be boosted with Atalanta ready to purchase forgotten goalkeeper Pierluigi Gollini, reports Gazzetta dello Sport.
The 23-year-old has spent the last 18 months on loan with the Serie A side after failing to earn Steve Bruce's trust at Villa Park.
Gollini has often played the role of understudy to Atalanta No.1 Etrit Berisha.
The former Manchester United youngster has played just seven Serie A games this season, but he's reportedly done enough to convince the club to conclude a permanent transfer.
The fee Atalanta will have to cough up for Gollini is reportedly £3.5million.
Gollini is one of six senior Villa players out on loan this season.
Spanish playmaker Carles Gil has spent the last two campaigns at Deportivo La Coruna and that will be made permanent imminently.
Deportivo's sporting director Carmelo del Pozo told Marca: "Carles Gil's compulsory purchase will be effective, then we will see if he wants to play in Segunda and if he is convinced of playing in Segunda."
Tommy Elphick, Gary Gardner and Aaron Tshibola are all expected to return to Villa, while Ritchie De Laet is in negotiations over a permanent move to Royal Antwerp.
Snoddy's agony
Fans' favourite Robert Snodgrass has been left heartbroken as Aston Villa's Wembley woe all but scuppered hopes of a permanent transfer.
The popular Scot spent the season on loan at Villa Park from Premier League side West Ham.
Snodgrass, 30, recorded seven goals and 14 assists in 43 outings for Villa and current manager Steve Bruce hoped to conclude a permanent transfer this summer.
Snodgrass is expected to leave West Ham following Manuel Pellegrini's appointment.
Villa is his preferred destination, but a move to the Second City is off the table.
Failure to achieve promotion to the Premier League, and Villa's ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play, means a deal for Snodgrass is all but impossible.
BirminghamLive understands Villa need to raise around £40million to comply with FFP guidelines.
"Whatever happens I have loved pulling on that jersey and met some great people,” Snodgrass told supporters after Villa were resigned to another season in the Championship.
Snodgrass has also been hugely influential off the pitch this season. The Scotland international has been the joker in Villa's pack and his humour was vital in keeping morale high in the season's tough moments.
He built up a rapport with both the playing staff and supporters, the latter to such an extent that he got a standing ovation every time he trotted over to take a corner at Villa Park.
Snodgrass has made a friend for life in John Terry and he's also played an understated role in Jack Grealish's rise this term.
Speaking before the play-off final, Snodgrass said: "I came on loan to Aston Villa to be part of something special, to try and help them get back into the Premier League.
“I can't say it was a straightforward decision, though, because I had a situation where I could only go on loan to a Championship club.
“The owners at West Ham wouldn't let me go to a Premier League club. There were four or five Championship clubs interested and Aston Villa were 16th or 17th at the time, so it looked as if it would be tough for them to get promotion.
“But I assessed it and thought: ‘If there's one team that could kick on, it will probably be them.' And I knew most of the staff here which was a big factor."
Hutton's prayers
Out of contract defender Alan Hutton says he's ‘struggling to come to terms' with Aston Villa's play-off final defeat to Fulham.
Hutton made 33 appearances for Villa last season and excelled at left-back.
His future is now up in the air, though, and the 33-year-old full-back is free to join another club.
Manager Steve Bruce said prior to the play-off final that Hutton would be offered a new contract regardless of the outcome.
Bruce explained: “I can confirm to you now we will be talking to him next week, whichever division we are in. He deserves it.”
Hutton is desperate to stay at Villa Park and hopes the club can keep the current crop of players together as they aim for promotion at the third time of asking.
Hutton posted on Instagram: “Still struggling to come to terms with the game on Saturday, really disappointed we couldn't get over the line for everyone involved with the club.
“A massive thank you to the fans for the amazing support, it's been incredible all season long.
“I just (pray) we can keep this amazing group of lads together as I know we can get back to the Premier League.”
A Russian warplane was shot down Saturday in Syria, according to a Russian state-run news agency.
The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed one of its Su-25 warplanes was downed in Syria's Idlib province, state media outlet RIA Novosti reported. The ministry said the pilot was able to eject from the plane but died.
The Idlib Media Center, an anti-government activist group, posted images that purportedly show the plane's wreckage.
Militants shot down the plane in an area controlled by al Nusra Front rebels, according to the RIA Novosti report. Russia and Turkey, which is responsible for the de-escalation zone in Idlib, were taking measures to return the pilot's body, the defense ministry said.
Russian state-run news agency TASS reported that "according to preliminary information, the plane was shot down from a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
Witnesses said the pilot was taken from the crash site, according to Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group. It was unclear whether the pilot was alive or dead, he said.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime recently resumed airstrikes on rebel-held areas such as Idlib province in the country's northwest, prompting tens of thousands of civilians to flee their homes, according to UN officials.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Bollywood Celebrities and Mobile Phone Brands they Sponsor
Many of the smartphone makers also partner with the celebrities from various fields in order to garner maximum attention and increase their reach.
Here is a lsit of smartphone companies and their brand ambassadors.
Aamir Khan: Vivo
Vivo has now signed the Perfectionist Aamir Khan as its brand ambassador for India. Aamir has been signed for future brand and product communication initiatives of Vivo India, the company said in a statement. He will also soon start shooting new TV commercials for the upcoming Vivo products.
Hardik Pandya, Rohit Sharma and Ravichandran Ashwin: Oppo
Oppo is an official partner of BCCI and the company come up with new campaigns with Indian cricketers. The company has now signed Hardik Pandya, Rohit Sharma and Ravichandran Ashwin for the launch of its next generation flagship smartphone Oppo F7. The company will also be launching its Oppo F7 Youth edition with the same cricketers.
Also Read : Jhanvi confirms that this actress will replace Sridevi in Abhishek Varman's movie
Amitabh Bachchan: OnePlus
Chinese smartphone maker OnePlus has partnered with Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan to endorse its products. The company also launched a OnePlus 5 contest with the celebrity and gave price money and a OnePlus 5 to the winner.
Katrina Kaif: Xiaomi Y Series
Xiaomi marked its entry into the selfie smartphone segment with the launch of its Y series of smartphones. At the same time the company also signed up Katrina Kaif as the product ambassador for the Xiaomi Y series of smartphone.
Panasonic: Varun Dhawan and Tapsee Pannu
Panasonic India signed up Varun Dhawan and Tapsee Pannu as the brand ambassadors for its complete range of smartphones. The company launched a new campaign titled ‘SO MUCH TO DO' for its Eluga series of smartphone which features both the Bollywood actors.
Oppo: Deepika Padukone and Sidharth Malhotra
Oppo has signed up Deepika Padukone and Sidharth Malhotra as their brand ambassadors. Both the celebrities can be seen in the TV commercial of the company's flagship smartphone Oppo F5. Recently, Oppo also launched the Sidharth Sharma Limited Edition for Oppo F5.
Gionee: Alia Bhatt
Gionee launched its A series smartphone last year and with that it signed Alia Bhatt for the endorsement of its smartphones. The company also launched the Welcome to Selfiestan campaign at the same time.
Honor: Saina Nehwal
Huawei's sub-brand Honor has signed up Badminton player Saina Nehwal as its brand ambassador.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa attacker Jack Grealish will look to remain at Villa Park this summer - regardless of which division the club finds itself in.
Boyhood Villan Grealish had been linked with a move to Villa's Midlands rivals Leicester City this past week, and an offer of £20m was mentioned.
Addressing the media before the trip to (and ultimate victory over) Ipswich, manager Steve Bruce laughed off the suggestion of selling the playmaker at such a price, and suggested that Villa would only even consider fees in the region of double that.
“I saw Leicester for £20m. That money now gets you a Harry Maguire, who played 30 times for Hull,” Bruce said at his press conference on Friday.
“Sam Clucas was £20m. No disrespect to them - I have had them - but how you can have Jack at that price?
“Jordan Henderson was £19m when I sold him to Liverpool from Sunderland eight years ago.
“You would have to double that to think about even blinking. Reports are going to be reports.
“I am going to have it all summer, I would think. I am delighted Jack is getting recognition for what he is doing on the pitch.
“But I think I can safely say £20m would not buy his right leg at the moment, that is for sure.”
It appears, though, that Grealish isn't particularly interested in leaving anytime soon anyway.
The Villa fan has enjoyed regular game time this season and a period of consistency as regards to management has allowed him to flourish.
Villa's league status next term still remains in the balance - while automatic promotion is now unlikely after Cardiff saw off Nottingham Forest on Saturday evening, the play-offs still represents a good opportunity of a return to the Premier League.
The Sunday People, though, are reporting that a decision on his future based on league status isn't coming into Grealish's thinking.
The 22-year-old still has two years to run on the contract he signed in September 2016.
Hanging up the boots?
Gabby Agbonlahor is considering retiring from football this summer when his Aston Villa contract expires.
That's according to the Sun , who claim that the attacker is thinking of hanging up his boots amid a range of offers to continue playing.
Agbonlahor, still only 31, has scored 86 goals for the claret and blues in just shy of 400 appearances since he broke through in 2006.
Manager Steve Bruce has confirmed recently that Agbonlahor will not be handed a new contract, regardless of which division Villa are in next season.
“I think it's time,” Bruce said of Agbonlahor's contract situation, at the end of last month. “I had a conversation with him about six weeks ago. I think it's time for Gabby to move on.
“I have to say that in the last month or so he's trained like a beast. I think the time is probably right. The question for Gabby is: what's he going to do next? He's probably been institutionalised by the club, he's been a wonderful servant.
“Yes, he's had a few down moments but he's had a lot of ups. If you look at the first 10 years of his career here he's a young lad playing up front for England, playing week in week out in the big league, he's been a good player that's for sure.
“I wish him the best of luck. He's been very, very good for me here. It's a shame he's picked up two bad injuries which has set him back.”
The forward is thought to be the target of a number of MLS clubs, who could offer a possibility of revitalising his career in the States.
But retirement, even at just 31, is reportedly in his thinking too.
Agbonlahor hasn't featured Villa, largely because of injury, since December. He's scored once this season, in the opening day draw against Hull.
He won't be alone in heading for the exit door this summer - the futures of Alan Hutton, John Terry, Ross McCormack and Micah Richards are all to come under consideration in the close season.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
THE ANNOUNCEMENT
Aston Villa have announced a three-way kit partnership with menswear brand LUKE 1977 and Fanatics.
The kit will be designed by LUKE 1977, a fashion label set up by Villa fan Luke Roper - and produced by global manufacturers Fanatics.
Earlier this month the club announced an end to their partnership with existing suppliers Under Armour.
The new arrangement sees Fanatics extend its relationship with the club, by becoming the official kit manufacturer.
And Villa claim the new kit will ‘maintain the quality and heritage of a kit that has played such an iconic, significant role in the Creative Director's life'.
The new apparel will bear the brand logo of LUKE 1977 while Villa insist Fanatics' internationally recognised manufacturing profile will ensure that the quality of the kit remains 'best in class'.
WHAT VILLA HAVE SAID
Aston Villa's Chief Commercial Officer, Luke Organ said, “Aston Villa Football Club is proud to pioneer an exciting new tripartite technical kit partnership.
“Traditional routes often leave the club lacking an element of creative input, we wanted to take back control of the look and feel of the strip for our fans.
"We believe this partnership will further allow us to engage with the fans to a much greater extent than previously experienced with manufacturing partners.
“The deal with LUKE 1977 and Fanatics represents a true partnership. All parties work collaboratively to deliver the very best product for our fans.
“As a club we are determined to lead the industry in every way that benefits our fans. We continually innovate off the field, providing the very best fan experience we can.”
Jack Grealish tweeted his approval: "Big congratulations to @LukeRoper who's a huge Villa fan on getting the @AVFCOfficial kit supplier deal!! Well done Looking forward to it #AVFC"
Robert Snodgrass said: "Congratulations @lukeroper and the team for designing the new @avfcofficial kit, exciting news mate! Can't wait to see it."
Former Villa midfielder Ian Taylor wrote: "Massive announcement by my pal who's Villa through and through getting the kit supplier deal!! Well done mate! Groundbreaking stuff!!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
WHAT LUKE 1977 SAID
LUKE 1977's Creative Director, Luke Roper said: “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
WHAT IS LUKE 1977?
Luke 1977 is a contemporary menswear clothing brand set up in the West Midlands in 2001.
The founder is Luke Roper. He is from Walsall Wood, a couple of miles from Villa Park.
Inspired by his mother, a dressmaker, Roper was using sewing machines by the age of 12 to make shirts for his friends.
According to his website the former Shire Oak School pupil "soon became a local legend, with lads from all over the area ordering his unique designs and creations then hitting the clubs of the Wild West Midlands decked out in Luke's original specially crafted pieces."
Roper studied fashion at Walsall College and went to Central St Martin's College of Art and Design in London at the age of 20 and completed a degree in menswear design.
He teamed up with family friend Simon Poole and Deborah Poole to set up the fashion line.
WHAT IS FANATICS?
Fanatics already manage the Villa Park store.
According to the U.S. company's website "Fanatics is a technology-driven, consumer company that powers the Fanatics, FansEdge, Kitbag and Majectic brands, as well as the largest selection of sports collectibles and memorabilia through Fanatics Authentic.
"Fanatics also operates more than 300 online and offline partner stores, including the e-commerce business for all major professional sports leagues (NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NASCAR, MLS, PGA), major media brands (NBC Sports, CBS Sports, FOX Sports) and more than 200 collegiate and professional team properties, which include several of the biggest global soccer clubs (Manchester United, Real Madrid, Manchester City)."
WHAT THE FANS SAY
Neil Shaun Humphrey: ‘Luke' make smart clobber. Very interesting choice. Add the fact he's a villa fan, reckon we could be onto a winner.
Danny Barker: Looking forward to this! Hopefully we will see the kit before end of July,we always seem to be last to see new kits!
Paul Hughes: Think it's a poor move and won't offer much brand appeal
Jayne Stewart: Moaning about a kit really?!!! They could wear bin liners for all I care as long as they play well!!!
Jim Turburfield: It's very rare that a big football team veer away from recognised sports brands and choose a fashion brand instead.
Most friends I spoke to really wanted adidas and this is going to reduce kit sales whether the owner/designer is a Villa fan or not
Nathaniel Murray: Smaller firms tend to make better kits who really wants an Adidas kit that your local Sunday league side have replicated from an online kit store I think it's great the shirt won't look at all like the carbon copies up and down the leagues
Lee Avfc: Local kid villa fan give him a chance he might surprise you
Jon Burns: If it looks good and is quality made I don't really care who makes it.
WHEN IS THE NEW KIT OUT?
Villa are yet to release details of a launch date but it tends to be in June or early July.
Last year the kit was leaked online early giving fans a glimpse of this year's strip before the pre-season schedule had even got up and running.
Villa will have the next kit in place for the first friendly of the summer.
A pre-season trip to China could also be on the cards if Villa are promoted to the Premier League, an ideal time to promote the new-look attire.
WHAT HAVE VILLA'S PREVIOUS HOME KITS BEEN LIKE?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
WHY DO VILLA WEAR CLARET AND BLUE?
Villa's famous claret and blue strip originated in 1888 when the Football League was founded.
This was when the Midlands club first started wearing the colours after the kit changed quite radically in the very early days.
Initially the new colours were very similar to the chocolate and blue of 1886 but since 1893 the body of the kit has been claret with blue sleeves and predominantly white shorts.
During the 1970s, shirt and sports manufacturers began to influence designs, shirt logos appearing on the shirt.
This is when shirt designs began to change in line with the new manufacturers and subsequent shirt sponsorships.
Villa were the first club to wear claret and blue and according to Tony Matthews the theme was a Scottish influence, combining the maroon of Hearts and the blue of Rangers, with the Scottish lion rampant included in the badge.
WHAT HAVE VILLA'S PREVIOUS AWAY KITS BEEN LIKE?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PREVIOUS KIT MANUFACTURER?
Villa and Under Armour announced the end of their link up at the start of April. It was due to run until 2021.
In a statement on their website Villa explained: "Aston Villa can confirm that the club and its technical partner, Under Armour, have mutually decided to end their relationship.
"The global sports apparel and footwear brand has provided performance matchday kits and training wear for Aston Villa for the past two seasons.
"The club would like to thank Under Armour for their support over the past two years and would like to wish them all the best for the future."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa forward Jordan Ayew is said to be attracting interest from Swansea City - and Steve Bruce may be willing to let him leave.
Our sister paper, The Mirror , are reporting that the managerless Swans will test Bruce's resolve with a bid for the Ghanaian in the transfer window.
Ayew is set to play at Cardiff City later today but is likely to miss the rest of the month due to his involvement in the African Cup of Nations with Avram Grant's Ghana.
He has fallen out of favour recently and didn't perform to his capabilities in Villa's draw with Leeds United last time out.
Ayew, who cost the club around £8million from Lorient last season, is also thought to be attracting interest from the Chinese Super League. But Swansea, still searching for a long term replacement for Ayew's brother Andre, might test the waters at some point this month.
Researchers searching for the genetic roots of hair loss say they've found more than 280 different genes are involved.
And they've come up with a formula that can predict a man's risk of losing his hair, although it's too soon to say there could be a blood test to forecast whether and when a man would start losing his hair.
Genetics of male pattern baldness. University of Edinburgh researchers found 287 genes linked with hair loss Douglas Robertson, University of Edinburgh Centre for Cognitive Ageing and Cognitive Epidemiology / PLoS Genetics
It turns out that hair loss is very complicated genetically, the British team reports in the Public Library of Science journal PLoS Genetics.
"In this large genome-wide association study study of male pattern baldness, we identified 287 independent genetic signals that were linked to differences in the trait," Riccardo Marioni and colleagues at the University of Edinburgh wrote.
Related: Cancer Drug Could be Baldness Remedy, Too
"The results of this study might help identify those at greatest risk of hair loss, and also potential genetic targets for intervention."
The team studied the DNA from more than 52,000 mostly middle-aged men taking part in a gigantic British genetic experiment called BioBank.
“ Male pattern baldness affects around 80 percent of men by the age of 80 years.”
"We identified hundreds of new genetic signals," said Saskia Hagenaars, a student who worked on the study.
Although hair loss runs strongly in families, men cannot always look at their fathers and predict their own fates, hair-wise. Some can blame their mothers, the researchers found.
The trawl thought all of the mens' genes found 40 linked with baldness on the X chromosome. The rest were scattered across the genome.
"It was interesting to find that many of the genetic signals for male pattern baldness came from the X chromosome, which men inherit from their mothers," Hagenaars said in a statement.
Of the men in the study, 16,700 had no hair loss. Another 12,000 had slight hair loss; 14,000 had moderate hair loss and 9,800 had severe hair loss.
Related: New Technique Could Reverse Baldness
The researchers linked each man's genetic pattern with the degree of hair loss.
Those with fewer-than-average hair loss genes were predictably less likely to go bald. Only 14 percent in this group were bald and 39 percent hadn't lost any hair at all.
And 58 percent of those with the top 10 percent count of baldness genes also had some hair loss.
That makes the genetic pattern only somewhat predictive.
Related: Hair Loss Drug Linked to Severe Depression
However, it's possible to predict whether a man will lose hair with pretty good certainty. Most are fated to at least have their hair thin out. "Male pattern baldness affects around 80 percent of men by the age of 80 years," the researchers wrote.
"We are still a long way from making an accurate prediction for an individual's hair loss pattern," Marioni said in a statement.
"However, these results take us one step closer. The findings pave the way for an improved understanding of the genetic causes of hair loss."
On April 6, 2017, the Black Hawk County Treasurer's office mailed 6,042 delinquent tax statements and tax sale notices. The total delinquent real estate principal amount is $5,675,455.97 as compared to $5,013,841.23 at this time in 2016. The total delinquent manufactured home principal amount is $109,886.88 as compared to the 2016 principal amount of $113,219.88.
Iowa law requires that any delinquency as of May 1 be advertised. Due to the last day of April falling on a weekend, taxes paid on or after May 2 will be published in the Waterloo/Cedar Falls Courier, June 6, 2017, although payment may have been made by the date of publication. The delinquent list will also be available at www.co.black-hawk.ia.us.
In order to avoid a tax sale offering, delinquencies must be paid by 4 PM, Friday, June 16. Iowa law requires that the payment of delinquencies beginning with payments made Wednesday, May 22, be made with guaranteed funds. Guaranteed funds mean cash, cashier's check, money order, travelers' check or certified check. The annual tax sale is scheduled for Monday, June 19, 2017, 8 AM in the Black Hawk County Courthouse, Courtroom #413.
For additional information, contact the Treasurer's office at 319 833-3013.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England beat Colombia in the second round of the World Cup last night - but the celebrations turned to violence in one Midlands pub.
A man has been taken to hospital after a pub was seriously vandalised.
Fans erupted in celebration after a rare penalty shoot-out victory that sent the Three Lions through to the quarter final of the World Cup in Russia.
Goalkeeper Jordan Pickford made a stunning save before Eric Dier converted the fifth penalty at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow to give his side a dramatic win against Colombia.
The result that everyone across the nation craved, though, was delayed when the referee added five minutes of injury time.
As the game unfolded, serious damage was caused to a pub during a night of violence in Mickleover after last night's England game, reports the Derby Telegraph.
Police were called to Uttoxeter Road at around 10pm after reports of trouble at The Vine Inn.
Officers say a group of people caused significant damage to the pub by smashing up light fittings, drinks glasses, skirting boards, blinds and other property.
At around the same time, police were called to an alleged assault outside the nearby Nags Head pub.
A 21-year-old man was taken to hospital with minor facial injuries.
Derbyshire Police have condemned the night of violence. In a statement the force said: "Earlier in the day, we posted on our social media channels encouraging football fans to enjoy the game safely.
"Incidents like this are frightening and disturbing for people attempting to do just that, as it is for pub staff bystanders who have no part in the disorder.
"Our investigation into these incidents is ongoing."
Mickleover police officer Tracy Bell revealed on Twitter that the night ruined a good evening out for many football fans.
She tweeted: "After the footie match last night, Mickleover pubs had to close early due to a select group of individuals fighting and causing criminal damage in one of the pubs.
"This behaviour has ruined a good night for many. Please drink sensibly. #WorldCup #drinkresponsibly."
As summer kicks into high gear, Waxing Poetic in Los Olivos is taking full advantage of the warm weather days by hosting an Americana BBQ Bash from 1 to 4 p.m. Saturday, June 29.
Get your red, white and blue on, and come celebrate Fourth of July a few days early this year at its boutique, located at 2363 Alamo Pintado Ave. This event is free and open to the public!
Join Waxing Poetic for this Americana BBQ and shop Waxing Poetic's beautiful jewelry line while enjoying live music by favorite local acoustic guitar player Ray Fortune and delicious food from Big Tom's BBQ, who will be serving mouthwatering tri-tip sandwiches with all the fixings! Waxing Poetic will kindly treat any shopper who spends $100 or more to a free tri-tip sandwich lunch.
Guests are encouraged to come wearing their best red, white and blue, or simply come as they are after a day at the wineries. Waxing Poetic's “Delighted States of America” state themed charms will be available for those who want to purchase fun and patriotic jewelry for the Fourth of July.
Waxing Poetic invites the community to join in the fun at its Americana BBQ celebration at its Los Olivos store and kick off summer in style. So come on down in your cowboy boots, stars and stripes, and enjoy barbecue and live music on June 29.
For more information, call 805.686.4545.
Over the past decade, Waxing Poetic's heirloom-quality, much-beloved jewelry designs — including charms, pendants, earrings, necklaces, bracelets, rings and other gift-able offerings — have won over the hearts of many, and the 2013 collection is bound to cast many more under the Waxing Poetic spell. Click here for more information and to view all of these treasures and more, or find a specialty retail location near you.
— Jennifer Guess is a publicist representing Waxing Poetic.
Video
Have you ever wondered what it's like to work as a crane driver?
Ivan Nattrass, from Durham, is helping to build Leeds City College's £57m Quarry Hill campus, which is due to open in summer 2019.
So are the clichés of loneliness and a required head for heights accurate? And what do you do when you need the toilet?
Video journalist: Tom Airey
Gold futures lost ground Monday, with analysts pinning the drop on tensions easing between the U.S. and North Korea.
December gold GCZ7, -0.39% fell $8.20, or 0.6%, to $1,285.80 an ounce, while September silver SIU7, -0.38% shed 12 cents, or 0.7%, to $16.95 an ounce.
“There was no further news of verbal saber-rattling between North Korea and the U.S. over the weekend, with the result that this geopolitical risk appears to be being priced out again somewhat,” said Commerzbank analysts led by Carsten Fritsch in a note Monday.
Last week, gold scored its strongest weekly gain in four months and settled at its highest level in more than two months, as North Korean tensions buoyed haven demand for precious metals.
But over the weekend, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sought to play down the risk of a conflict, writing in The Wall Street Journal that the Trump administration is seeking diplomatic solutions to achieve the “irreversible denuclearization” of North Korea.
And White House officials found themselves focused on a domestic matter, working to clarify President Donald Trump's comments on Saturday's deadly violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va.
“On the other hand, U.S. President Trump has stepped up his rhetoric towards Venezuela,” the Commerzbank analysts added. “These latent risks are likely to lend support to the gold price and preclude any more pronounced price slide.”
President Donald Trump said he would not rule out the use of military force in Venezuela in response to a growing crisis in the South American country led by Nicholas Maduro, according to news reports late Friday.
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...' Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
Nashville Predators goalie Pekka Rinne 35) looks on prior to an NHL hockey game against the Buffalo Sabres, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Buffalo, N.Y.
In three seasons with the Cowboys (2006-2008), Owens caught 235 passes for 3,587 yards and 38 touchdowns. In his 15-year Hall of Fame career, Owens totaled 1,078 receptions for 15,934 yards and 153 touchdowns.
Owens is second to Jerry Rice in all-time receiving yards and third in touchdown catches behind Rice and Randy Moss, who was also selected to the Hall of Fame Saturday evening. He was also a five-time first-team All-Pro selection and a six-time Pro Bowl pick, including receiving both honors once as a Cowboy in 2007.
It took three tries, but former Cowboys wide receiver Terrell Owens is finally and officially a Hall of Famer.
SportsDay columnist Tim Cowlishaw wrote earlier this year why Owens being in the Hall of Fame was a "no-brainer."
Owens deserved first-ballot induction. Case closed. Yet, he's been snubbed twice because voters are punishing him for his off-field and locker room "antics" during a sensational 15-year career.
But there is no "character clause" for the Pro Football Hall of Fame -- and that's not saying Owens should fail it.
Owens was never arrested nor suspended by the NFL. He didn't have legal issues or drug problems.
Still, he's been kept out because of questionable behavior and the perception he was a malcontent.
Sure, Owens often spoke his mind and sometimes got under the skin of teammates and coaches. He threw some of his quarterbacks -- Jeff Garcia, Donovan McNabb and Tony Romo -- under a rapidly moving bus. He also defended Romo from criticism and famously cried once while doing it.
Owens should be judged for his value on the field. He made every one of the five teams he played for better. He wasn't the perfect teammate and he was disruptive at times, but when he stepped on the field, he was exceptional and durable.
Owens only missed 12 games in his long career, plus the nine he didn't play in 2005 after Andy Reid kicked him off the Philadelphia Eagles following a nasty feud with McNabb and a dispute with management over a new contract.
To read Cowlishaw's full column, click here.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tahvon Campbell is one of four youngsters West Bromwich Albion have decided to release.
The 21-year-old striker was highly-rated as he climbed the ranks at The Hawthorns but the club has decided not to renew his contract after a series of loan spells.
Campbell's latest stint out on loan came at National League side Solihull Moors where he made 14 appearances and scored twice.
(Image: West Bromwich Albion Football Club)
Robbie McCourt, Evan Pierce and Ethan Ross have also been let go by the Baggies at the end of their contracts.
Jack Fitzwater is one of three West Brom starlets to be offered fresh terms. Fitzwater spent the second half of last season on loan at Walsall and impressed under Dean Keates as the Saddlers secured their League One status.
Max Melbourne and Dara O'Shea are also being offered new deals after impressing at Ross County and Hereford respectively.
Alex Bradley, Brad House and Jasko Keranovic have all had their contracts extended.
Kyle Edwards, Nathan Ferguson, Rekeem Harper, Kyle Howkins, Kyle Jameson, Jonathan Leko, Callum Morton, Alex Palmer, Ben Pierce, Jamie Soule, Rayhaan Tulloch, Kane Wilson, Yuning Zhang all remain under contract at Albion.
Albion shelve training ground plans
West Brom have shelved plans to redevelop their Walsall training ground amid the financial pinch of relegation.
The Baggies had hoped to renovate the sports science department after a £250,000 refurbishment of the canteen, dressing rooms, and offices last summer.
But the scheme, which had universal support having first been pushed by former head coach Tony Pulis, has been postponed as the club counts the cost of relegation.
(Image: Michael Regan/Getty Images)
No works are expected at The Hawthorns after a fairly extensive makeover was completed 12 months ago.
Artwork was installed in the concourses, the Garden of Remembrance was extended, while access and facilities for disabled fans was significantly upgraded.
The Baggies will be entitled to a parachute payment from the Premier League (potentially the first of three), but still stand to lose around £45 million in revenue from TV cash.
Albion recorded a £40 million pre-tax profit for the year to July 2017,
But chief executive Mark Jenkins expects the next set of accounts to project a loss, when last summer's £40 million net spend on players will be reflected in the figures.
The Baggies have an overdraft facility which will end in July when the club banks £94.6 million in TV cash and prize money from the Premier league for the 2017/18 campaign.
Striker Jay Rodriguez is one of many assets that could be sold this summer as the playing staff undergoes a major overhaul.
Albion's 11-goal top scorer is in understood to be in talks with Burnley over a proposed £20 million move to his hometown club.
Bournemouth, Crystal Palace and West Ham are also reportedly interested in the former England international, who signed for Albion for £12 million a year ago.
Skipper Jonny Evans is another player set to leave.
Leicester City are among the clubs keen to activate the £3 million release clause in his contract.
Evans and Albion team-mate Gareth McAuley helped Northern Ireland secure a 0-0 draw with England's future World Cup opponents Panama in a friendly in Central America.
Winger Matt Phillips was also in action across the Atlantic on Tuesday night local time.
Phillips started up front for Scotland in their 2-0 defeat to Peru in Lima.
When I first became a member of APSA, I thought of this association as I suspect many trainees think of their field's society: an interesting group to which I had an obligation to belong, but one unlikely to yield more than a line on a CV. What I did not anticipate were the lessons that being a part of APSA taught me, and I assure you that advancing to the presidency is not required to learn these lessons for yourself.
The first skill APSA taught me was simple: how to lead. It may surprise some of you to learn that I had never held a single leadership position prior to medical school. I was never one for clubs, for sports teams, or for honor societies. I came to APSA with a very blank slate. Initially, beginning as a member and, soon thereafter, Vice-Chair of the Public-Relations Committee, I learned to manage projects with input from my fellow leaders across the country, how to coordinate efforts between multiple committees, and how to organize and run a team. I believe I am safe in stating that these are not skills many medical or graduate schools teach, yet all of us will use these skills throughout our careers. If you become the principal investigator of your own laboratory, you will be managing a team. If you someday run all or part of a multicenter clinical study, you will be coordinating between actors on a stage which may span the continent or even the globe. Learning and practicing some of these skills as a trainee, when mistakes are far more forgiving, will position you well for the future.
I suspect many of you are already grumbling at the suggestion of adding more to your plate, with the constant drone of your medical school and research mentors lecturing you about staying focused on your work. Here too, however, the acts of leadership and service impart invaluable skills for our future careers, and this is the second lesson APSA taught me: time and priority management. All of us, no matter the career path we choose, will have to juggle many responsibilities and wear many hats, sometimes simultaneously. Whether navigating research and clinical duties, moving between research and teaching, enjoying a fulfilling family life and launching a career, or a combination of everything and more, it is important to learn how to balance demands. Don't believe me? Just think back to any one of the “work-life balance” panels you have been to in your trainee careers (and if you have not yet seen one — trust me — you will). These panels are ubiquitous at scientific meetings, because balancing competing demands is one of the hardest things you will have to do.
Serving as an officer in APSA honed my ability to strike a balance between priorities. I can assure you, nothing could have forced me to solidify my ability to manage multiple competing priorities faster than running a national association while trying to survive inpatient surgery, OB/GYN, and medicine clerkships as a third-year medical student. But, you need not be that crazy (and I would recommend wholeheartedly that you do not attempt to do so) to learn these valuable lessons. Join an APSA committee and take on a small project. If you find yourself ready for more, apply to become a committee chair or member-at-large. Challenge yourself, and you will grow stronger with each summit surmounted.
If you are not one for national service, APSA is not the only place to acquire these skills. Closer to home, give back to your institution by serving as a student leader. Every medical school has a veritable forest of committees and working groups that are striving to improve the education and research environment of the institution. If your institution is redesigning its curriculum (as seems to be in vogue these days), lend your voice to the redesign. If you are interested in student government, stand for an elected position. Even small experiences while you are a trainee help you learn to manage your time effectively and to succeed in many arenas at once, and you will be helping your school and fellow trainees at the same time.
This is not to say you should throw yourself into leadership or society service with reckless abandon. Your job as a trainee is first and foremost to be a good trainee. Do well in medical school classes and clerkships, build a solid foundation of research training, and publish your good work for the benefit of human health and the advancement of human knowledge. However, take this opportunity to stretch your boundaries while it is “safer” to do so. As a junior faculty member — or even a clinical or postdoctoral fellow — scrambling to do research while seeing patients or teaching, no one is going to give you the option to put one demand aside to focus on the other, nor will they be forgiving if you master one but fail to achieve in another. APSA taught me how to juggle competing demands efficiently and, more importantly, how to effectively set priorities, so what needed to get done did. I believe my experiences will serve me well in the next stages of my career, and I am confident they would do the same for you.
The third thing APSA taught me is more intangible but immensely satisfying: how to mentor. I am certain that all of us have encountered absolutely fantastic mentors who have been critical to the success of their trainees. Many of the presentations from distinguished physician-scientists at the Association of American Physicians (AAP)/American Society for Clinical Investigation (ASCI)/APSA Joint Meeting include homage to the mentors who helped those now-successful investigators get to where they are. I am certain, too, that all of us have encountered mentors who were decidedly less than stellar. As trainees, many of us will have some exposure to mentoring even before we graduate, such as overseeing undergraduates in the laboratory, but I found national service to APSA, as well as my own institutional service as a member of UConn's Medical Dental Student Government, to be particularly important training grounds for my own mentorship skills. This was not a skill that came naturally — I found my way as a mentor through being a leader. While being a good mentor is not synonymous with being a good leader, and vice versa, I think my leadership team would agree that the greatest achievements of my presidential term came, not by way of my personal skills and energy, but by harnessing the skills and energy of the team working with me. As I watch many of those individuals move on to senior positions within APSA or the next stage of their training, such as residency, I am humbled to think that my efforts might have had a positive impact on their training.
Indeed, the most personally gratifying moments of my presidency were those in which I saw how my encouragement, mentorship, and advice helped members of my leadership team grow and strengthen themselves. Remarkable as it may turn out to be, the greatest legacy you will leave as a physician-scientist is likely not to be your own science. Rather, it is likely to be the science of those you train and mentor and, by extension, the science of all those they too come to mentor. This is not a skill you can gain from a book, a symposium, or a two-day workshop. It comes from doing and experiencing — something that is granted through holding a leadership role.
The annual Firefall from Horsetail Fall in Yosemite Valley glows after the sun has disappeared below the horizon. Three conditions need to be just right for the glow. Skies must be clear just as the sun sets, mid-February allows the correct positioning of the sunset and water needs to be flowing from the fall. ERIC PAUL ZAMORA Fresno Bee file
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
"You have been chosen!"
Those were the words whispered to me as I had mud smeared on my face and a band of flowers placed on my head.
Weird enough at the best of times, even stranger when you are surrounded by a mysterious group of villagers in the woods who are welcoming you into their fold and urging you to join them.
And with that I was led into the darkness to re-connect with the earth and its elements, to be part of The Welcoming.
Yes, it's Scarefest time once again at Alton Towers and I was about to enter the latest scare maze at the park 'The Welcoming'.
What a welcome it turned out to be as I was thrust into the middle of what appeared to be the strangest and most sinister of folk festivals.
What had started out with simple folk rubbing dirt in my face and decorating me with petals, quickly became something more sinister.
The village wasn't the quaint little place I had hoped for.
Instead I was surrounded by fire, murder and ancient rituals.
All kinds of ghastly creatures jumping out from all angles high and low.
There was dismemberment, jump out of your skin frights, and nothing at all pleasant.
Even more so when I had a sack placed on my head and was told to walk.
In total darkness I had people grabbing my legs, stroking my face, grunting and whispering disturbing things in my ear.
They also covered me in soil.
All to the strains of eerie music and wailing and screaming.
The ending, well, that was something else indeed!
In all my time covering scare mazes at Alton Towers, this was perhaps the best themed maze I have been in.
The setting was spectacular, the props and decoration were suitably atmospheric, and the characters and storyline had been very well thought out.
Terrifying stuff it has to be said and not to be missed if you like your frights.
The maze is actually a little more significant than it may first appear, it is actually a prequel teaser for the SW8 rollercoaster heading to the resort in 2018.
A quick glance at the wooden framework that is currently being constructed is a clear sign that something really big is afoot.
It will be very interesting to see how this plays out against the maze and the themes seen here.
Our scare score: 9/10 - An outdoor maze with a terrifying hooded section
So, what else is new at Scarefest?
Altonville Mine Tours: Uncover the legend of the skin snatchers (15+)
Not new, but a new layout and ending.
Last year's terrifying addition to the Scarefest line-up may have been based around skin snatchers, but it was my skin that was crawling by the end of it.
This year it is still having been tweaked and has a longer layout which means even more terror for unsuspecting guests.
Think Texas Chainsaw Massacre underground and you aren't far off. Set in the bowels of a dark and claustrophobic mine, this is terror at its most extreme.
The maze picked up industry awards last year and it isn't hard to understand why. It's a well thought out piece of live theatre and one that genuinely has you on edge from the first moment you line up.
Before you even encounter any of the inhabitants you have to face your own fears as your mind plays tricks with you in the enveloping darkness.
The fact that you are armed only with a miner's helmet makes it even more eerie.
And then... well then you meet the hillbilly residents.
Be warned though, this is the most extreme maze that has been at the resort to date.
You might get a few hands on you!
Our scare score: 9/10 - Truly terrifying, some gruesome costumes and make-up in this maze
Sub Species: The End Games (15+)
If crawling around in pitch black tunnels with post-apocalyptic mutants grabbing at your feet is your idea of fun, this is the madness for you.
Down in the sewers, you are more or less the rat, and you are being hunted.
It's not a nice feeling, yet strangely it manages to be some sort of sadistic fun.
Again, there is a slightly altered course and a few tweaks and all the stops have been pulled out to make this a really atmospheric experience.
A word of warning... look out for the chainsaw.
I'm yet to see anyone fail to run.
This is another maze that won an industry award for Scare Maze Of The Year, it's well worth a visit, it might be the last chance.
Our scare score: 8/10 - Claustrophobic frights and fearful fun
Freak Show: Scare Zone
Clowns are sinister. I knew that before I watched IT. Now I am sure of it.
In this walk through zone you get to experience the fun of the fair, but not your average one.
This travelling freak show has set up camp in the Alton Towers grounds and await your presence with much enthusiasm.
Walking through the garish freak show was a real treat, even with the bearded lady and friends trying to scare you out of your wits.
You get to rub shoulders with the freakishly fascinating misfits and the truth is it is all very weird.
These are fun frights rather than sheer spine-tingling horror, it did however have some kids dashing for the ‘chicken run' down the side.
There is something quite unique and fun about the actors roaming around open areas and it works well.
Our scare score: 6/10 - Colourful fun and well worth a walk through
Terror Of The Towers (12+)
The old favourite that first appeared in 2002 is back once again and still going strong.
Set deep in the deepest bowels of the park's historic towers, it is a spectacular setting and actually feels like quite a privilege to be walking around the old ruins.
Until you meet the residents, and then you don't feel so lucky.
Cue lots of very sinister whisperings in your ear about what is in store for you when you meet the 'masters'.
The friendly folk in question just happen to be demonic monks waiting patiently for you to arrive to meet your fate.
Throw in some hugely disorientating strobe lighting, cages, pulsating music and plenty of twists and turns, and you will be in for the scare of your life.
Our scare score: 7.5/10 - First-timers will be in for a real scare, for the rest of us, it is still fun and the ending never fails to get you walking on your toes with your head down
House of Monsters (Family scare maze)
House of Monsters is the first family scare maze the park have launched.
Last year it was a huge hit and gave families the opportunity to join an up and coming online vlogger who turned into somewhat of a new-age monster hunter.
It's a modern-day quest to discover the truth about monsters and his trail has led him to what is believed to be a disused house. But is it a case of mistaken identity or has he really discovered a group of 21st century ghouls?
He hasn't the nerves to go alone so has asked his online followers to join him on a daring mission to the supposedly abandoned house.
Will you join him on the mission, what will you find? Will you discover that Monsters have a good side too?
Mild thrills guaranteed for all the family.
It's a great starter maze for children and the interactive elements to the maze make it a real crowd pleaser.
It has been ramped up a little bit this year.
I will be honest, I jumped a few times.
(£5 extra charge)
Our scare score: 5/10 - A really well designed and executed family attraction that manages to keep an appeal for everyone.
Rides in the dark
For many, Scarefest is a real treat in the sense that you get to ride in the dark.
Rollercoaster enthusiasts love riding the front of a coaster, but they also love the whip of riding on the back carriage, just like some fans of Nemesis insist on taking their shoes and socks off to feel the wind in their feet.
The real buzz for any coaster fan though is to ride in the dark, that's a big attraction with this event and fans flock to the resort's biggest steel beasts to get their thrills until 9pm.
It's a different experience entirely riding them in the dark and if you have never done it, add it to your bucket-list.
I loved hurtling around on Nemesis in the pitch black, it's still my favourite coaster and it takes on a world of its own in the darkness.
Is there anything for families who don't want to be petrified?
Yes, aside from the extreme frights and bumps in the night, Scarefest is a lot of fun for younger guests.
There are friendly characters all around the resort throughout the event and the decorations around the theme park and the hotels are fantastic.
Here's a look at some of the family friendly special events...
Alton Ancestors
The popular Alton Ancesters are back to greet guests and mingle with visitors throughout the park, a zany bunch of friendly ghosts from Alton Towers of old. Expect some very neat dance flashmobs.
The Freaky Four
Phil The Ghoul, Skelvin The Skeleton, Patch The Pumpkin and Phil (basically Frankenstein) are Scarefest regulars and pose for hundreds of pictures daily with people of all ages.
They also host a number of events between them - Skelvin's Spooky Storytime, Phil & Franklyn's Ghoul School, and Patch's Trick-Or-Treat Party.
Hints, tips and good advice
Scare zones do open just before it gets dark, you are best to wait until just after dark for the full effect.
CBeebies Land and the children's areas will most likely get quieter as the day goes on but should be fairly quiet anyway.
Scare mazes are a little different, these open earlier in the day, you may want to head for these first because the later it gets, the busier it gets. Queuing in the dark does seem to add to the suspense though.
Look out for spookily themed menus and cocktails in the hotels.
When walking around the scare mazes make sure you hang on to the person in front, it's safer and you will be less scared
If you fancy a change of pace you can enjoy a very good SeaLife attraction called Sharkbait Reef.
The Skyride is always worth a trip to save your legs and some time
When is it?
This year's Scarefest will take place on October 7 - 8, 14 - 15, 20 - 31 2017.
The official line
“Scare Mazes, Theme Park open until 9pm for Rides in the Dark & a travelling circus of roaming characters. Scarefest is back and has more spine-tingling terrors than ever before. Our 3 multi award winning scare mazes have been re-scarified for this year and we are adding another NEW maze to the line up! Dare you join us for our most terrifying year yet?”
How much does it cost?
There are various pricing options an online saver one day ticket will cost adults and children over 12 £32 with the best online price being five days in advance of a visit. This does not include entry to mazes.
On the day it will cost £54.
If you already have an entrance ticket you can pay for an extra ticket to go to three scare mazes which will cost £20 online in advance or £24 on the day.
If you want to enter the theme park and three scare mazes it will cost £50 for adults and children over 12 online and on the day £78.
Full ticket options here
We also had a makeover during our recent visit!
Watch: We get a Scarefest makeover at Alton Towers
What is the parking situation?
Car parking costs £6 for the full day. Guests staying in the resort's hotels can park in the accommodation car park free of charge.
Can I get there by public transport?
The three closest train stations are Stoke-on-Trent, Uttoxeter and Derby. A bus service will need to be used for the rest of the journey.
Visit thetrainline.com to search for train times and prices.
Previous reviews
See below for a review of last year's event
Reviewed: Alton Towers Scarefest 2016 - the complete lowdown and verdict on the scare mazes and family attractions
2015
REVIEW: Alton Towers Scarefest 2015 - hooded hauntings, sewer scares and lots of fiendish family fun
2014
Review: Alton Towers Resort - Scarefest 2014 and The Ultimate Sleepover
2013
Spooked by the Smiler at Alton Towers Scarefest
2012
Alton Towers Scarefest is fun for all the family
1. Oregon is back: On Wednesday, Oregon put the nation on notice.
The Ducks rallied late to knock off No. 2 UCLA on Matt Court thanks Dillon Brooks, Eugene's resident all-american, hitting a game-winning three with 0.7 seconds left. Two nights later, with No. 22 USC coming to town, Brooks looked every bit the part of an all-american, as he scored 28 points on 10 shots, hitting all four of his threes as the Ducks steam-rolled the Trojans, who had entered Friday night undefeated.
That was Oregon's statement, their warning to the rest of the country that their early season struggles and health issues were behind them.
I was as high as anyone on the Ducks back in September, but I was in the same boat as everyone else after they lost to Baylor and lost to Georgetown and struggled to beat the likes of Boise State and Alabama and UConn. I wasn't going to believe in the Ducks as a title contender until they proved they can be a title contender.
They did that this weekend.
Which means that I'm back on board.
2. The ACC was really weird this weekend: And it doesn't look like that is going to change anytime soon.
Let's start with the obvious: Each of the top four teams in the league took a loss during the first week of conference play. No. 6 Louisville lost at home to No. 12 Virginia, who proceeded to lose at home to No. 20 Florida State. No. 5 Duke got blown out at Virginia Tech, a lot that should tell you there are more issues in Durham than just Grayson Allen's tripping problems. No. 9 North Carolina lost at Georgia Tech, who, along with Boston College, were supposed to be the league's bottom-feeders this season.
Should I mention that Boston College blew out Syracuse on Sunday?
And frankly, this is probably going to be the norm in that conference this season. The teams we all thought were going to struggle to win more than a couple of league games, Boston College and Georgia Tech, both look much more dangerous than they did a month ago. Duke, the juggernaut that was supposed to truck-stick everyone opponent they faced, is clearly at a crossroads of their season. UNC, UVA and Louisville all have flaws. Florida State and Notre Dame are beatable.
The kicker? There are 12 teams in the league that are good enough to push for an at-large berth. It's the most cliché piece of coach-speak there is, but there are no easy games or off-nights in the ACC this season.
RELATED: Player of the Week | Team of the Week | Five Takeaways
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Stitcher and Audioboom
3. Is Louisville the best team in the league?: I know this sounds crazy five days after Louisville got embarrassed at home by Virginia, but the thing to remember with Louisville is that Virginia is just about the worst possible matchup for them. Styles make fights in college hoops, and what Louisville does well gets taken away by what Virginia is the best in the country at.
And considering that, in the last two weeks, Louisville sandwiched that loss to Virginia with a win over Kentucky and a win over Indiana in Indiana, it's hard to ignore the fact that this team is peaking. Quentin Snider played the best game of his career in the win over Kentucky. Donovan Mitchell played the best game of his career in the win over the Hoosiers. Deng Adel was very good in both. The early-season struggles of those three players is why there are doubts about the Cardinals.
Should I mention that as Louisville is starting to peak, Duke is a mess and North Carolina is losing to Georgia Tech?
Honestly, I think the correct answer is that there isn't a “best team in the ACC”, but Louisville has as good of a chance to win the regular season title as anyone.
4. The Big Ten was weird this weekend, too: It wasn't quite as weird as the ACC was, but after the first week's worth of Big Ten games it's pretty clear that the league is going to be tougher to peg than we thought. It starts with Nebraska, who entered league play having lost six of their last eight games and who will enter next week having won at Indiana and at Maryland, two teams that look like they'll be in the NCAA tournament in March. Then there is Minnesota, who had a 12-1 record during non-conference play and proceeded to lose to an under-manned Michigan State team at home in overtime before beating No. 15 Purdue on the road in overtime.
Wisconsin is quiet clearly the best team in the Big Ten, but before this weekend, I think most observers would have told you that Purdue and Indiana aren't all that far behind the Badgers. Maybe that's wrong.
5. Is it time to start calling Villanova the favorite to win it all?: Our Travis Hines was in Omaha for that game and penned an excellent column on this very subject. I won't totally repeat it here, but I will say this: The freshmen at Duke, Kentucky and UCLA have been as hyped as any freshmen class in recent memory; rightfully so, those dudes are awesome. Baylor has been celebrated because of the fact that no one saw this coming. North Carolina is North Carolina and played the most entertaining game of the year in the most watched game of the year against Kentucky.
And all the while, Villanova just keeps winning.
Yes, they're the reigning champs. Yes, they have a National Player of the Year favorite on their roster. Yes, they're No. 1 in both polls.
But they never seem to be the trendy team, the popular pick to win it all, the favorite among the “experts” in this business. It may be time to change that, because if Villanova's win at No. 10 Creighton taught us anything, it's that know team in the country understands how to win better than the Wildcats. They're cool, calm and collected in pressure moments. They don't rush. They don't panic. They don't force shots.
They execute.
They just win.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Help to Buy, the government backed equity scheme, and a strong start to the spring housing market are giving a welcome boost to the housing sector.
Spring is traditionally a busy time of the year for the industry and local developer Bellway is confirming that sales this year are particularly strong.
Ben Smith, sales director for Bellway East Midlands, said: “There's a growing momentum in the market and the phenomenon of the spring selling season looks set to have a noticeable impact on sales this year, with visitor numbers at developments across the region already looking strong, and we are looking to meet this demand with the launch of new homes across the area."
The house builder is planning to meet continuing high levels of demand with the confirmed launch of three new sites this year - its its Cuttle Brook development in Chellaston, Derby, Heathlands development in Heather, Leicestershire, and its Lockharts development in Donisthorpe, Leicestershire.
New plots are also being released for sale as construction progresses at existing developments in Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire, Staffordshire and Lincolnshire.
The Government's Help to Buy scheme is playing its part in sales too.
Bellway says that 40 per cent of its purchasers in the East Midlands region have used Help to Buy in the past six months, while 39 per cent of its customers nationally purchased with the scheme during the same period.
Ben said: “We're seeing continuing interest in the Help to Buy scheme, which can enable prospective purchasers to move sooner – or to a larger home – than they might otherwise have afforded."
Over the period since the launch of the scheme (April 1 2013 to September 30 2017) Government data shows that 144,826 properties were bought with an equity loan.
Help to Buy explained
Help to Buy allows purchasers to buy a new-build home with a five per cent deposit and a 75 per cent mortgage.
The remaining 20 per cent is provided in the form of an equity loan from the Government, which is interest free for the first five years of homeownership.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tonight your dreams could have come true if you are the lucky person to have scooped the £6.3m Lotto jackpot.
The draw was a double rollover and if you were lucky enough to have had your numbers drawn you must have a smile bigger than the England football manager Gareth Southgate.
The draw took place at 8.30pm and here are the winning numbers.
8, 13, 22, 46, 52 and 58 and the bonus ball is 7.
Tonight's earlier Thunderball draw saw the following numbers drawn.
5, 7, 12, 15, and 29 with Thunderball being number 2.
Are you the lucky winner? We hope so, but if not, the best of luck next time.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
For the first time since 2013, Graves County will be playing in the KHSAA Sweet 16. The Eagles will face Bowling Green on Wednesday at 11:00am central. Graves County has won 12 games in a row heading to state, while Bowling Green has won 25 straight.
The team was honored at a pep rally Monday afternoon before they left for Lexington. For Josh Frick, this is his first trip going to Rupp Arena as the head coach of the Eagles. After missing out on the trip as a player, he says this week will be very special for him.
Graves County is hoping to extend the streak of Region 1 teams winning at least one game at the Sweet 16. Starting in 2013, Graves County, McCracken County, Calloway County and Murray have each won games at Rupp Arena.
By Amanda Wicks
Lady Gaga is among the list of artists who have signed an open letter urging the Texas Senate to reject recently filed anti-LGBTQ legislation.
Related: Watch Metallica & Lady Gaga's GRAMMY Performance, Now with Working Audio
Besides Gaga, Alicia Keys, Janelle Monae, Panic! At the Disco, Sia, Carly Rae Jepsen, Tegan & Sara, Bon Iver and more have added their names to the letter.
The letter criticizes Senate Bill 6, which would require people to use bathrooms associated with their biology rather than their gender, and in that way mirror North Carolina's House Bill 2. At the moment, local laws permit people to use bathrooms based on their gender. The bill's author Senator Lois Kolkhorst has stated it is intended to keep men from entering women's bathrooms. (via The Texas Tribune).
“It is up to you whether these bills will become law, and we are watching,” the letter states. “It is up to us to commit to doing everything within our power to make sure all of our fans, crews and fellow artists feel safe and welcome, where we go.”
Following HB2's passage, many artists, including Bruce Springsteen, canceled shows in North Carolina as a way to protest.
Video
tomb found in Egypt.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
This video is from Season 2 of “Who's Afraid of Aymann Ismail?,” a series featuring Slate's Aymann Ismail investigating fears about Islam in America. Watch the entire series.
On a recent Sunday, not long after I landed in Iowa for the first time, I found myself at my first-ever Catholic Mass. It's fair to say I was the only Muslim there. But I was with someone who's had a deep connection to Islam for longer than I've been alive.
In 1985, Laura Fendt fell in love with a Muslim immigrant from Egypt named Kamal Hammouda. They spontaneously got married that fall. Then they got married again that winter, this time by a priest. It began more than three decades of an interfaith union that many people, Muslim and non-Muslim, still don't think should exist.
What happens when a devout Muslim and devout Christian commit to each other to build something new—and neither have any intention of converting? Laura and Kamal invited me here to their restaurant and home in small-town Iowa, where they raised grown three boys, to tell me how they did it. —Aymann Ismail
This series is written and produced by Aymann Ismail and Jeffrey Bloomer, and edited by Aymann Ismail.
Watch more:
Who Says a Muslim Can't Celebrate Christmas?
Wearing a Hijab Is Complicated. So Is Deciding to Take One Off.
Fox News Claimed a “Sharia Law Court” Is Enforcing Islamic Law in Texas. So I Went to See It.
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale Pause
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
2:05 A history of medical marijuana in San Luis Obispo County
1:14 What will happen to Diablo Canyon after it closes?
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
0:51 Jerry Brown: Raising minimum wage moral, though 'may not make sense'
2:05 Pot operations turned California Valley into 'a circus'
0:26 Jerry Brown signs climate bill: 'This is big'
This 2016 photograph shows candy bars marked with Colorado's required diamond-shaped stamp noting the product contains marijuana. State officials require the stamp to be put directly on edibles after complaints that the treats look too much like their non-intoxicating counterparts. David Zalubowski AP
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A malnourished pony who was crawling with lice and infested with worms has made an astounding recovery and is ready to find the perfect home.
April, who arrived at the Blue Cross centre, in Rolleston, in 2015, was lucky to survive the ordeal she was put through by her former owners.
Now, she has a spring in her step and is ready to develop her ability as a riding pony, reports the Burton Mail.
Maria Kavanagh, horse rehoming co-ordinator at the Blue Cross centre, said: “Her condition was so poor that had she not come to us when she did, it's unlikely she would have survived.”
With a body condition score of just 1.5 on the 0 to 5 scale she was a tragic sight and was terrified of any human contact.
With patience, kindness and care, April was eventually ready to be placed in a short-term home to enjoy growing up with other youngsters.
She soon became used to dogs and children and all the usual goings-on at a busy yard and learnt to relax for the farrier and the vet.
Maria said: “April really blossomed in her short-term home. It's put her in good stead for the next phase of her life, which is to find a project home. She is a calm, clever pony and shows every promise of becoming a super riding pony.”
April is one of several ponies at the centre currently looking for homes. Her companions Beastie and Tristan both came from Bodmin Moor, where they had never been touched by humans and had to fend for themselves.
They are now both very sociable and comfortable with being left alone for short periods so would make excellent companions for a ridden horse.
To find out more about pets needing a home, or to make a donation towards their care, visit www.bluecross.org.uk
In a family full of facades, Esther Fleece, learned from a young age to keep secrets and fake her feelings. She shares how facing her past and ending the pretending is the key to freedom.
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Since today is all about LOVE, it's only right that AJ and I release a “Valentine's Day Edition” of The Traffic Jam. If you rock with us everyday inside the mix, you know how sometimes we do our “Get It In” mix. We heard you, and now you can have your “Get It In” mix whenever you want…
Feel free to stream and/or download this Traffic Jam (Valentine's Edition) for your pleasure – LITERALLY.
If you're having trouble streaming, download
Be sure to check us out everyday for “The Traffic Jam” from 4:45p-6pm on 92Q Jams Bmore!
LOS ANGELES (WSVN) — Former Miami Dolphins player Jonathan Martin is facing some serious charges in Los Angeles County, nearly a month after, authorities said, he posted a threatening photo on Instagram.
There is a warrant out for the offensive lineman's arrest, weeks after he posted the picture showing a shotgun and the names of former classmates and teammates he presumably wanted to hurt.
Two of them were former Dolphins players Mike Pouncey and Richie Incognito.
Martin left the Dolphins during the 2013 season after claiming he was bullied by teammates.
Incognito was suspended and never played for the Dolphins again.
Martin's Feb. 23 Instagram had the quote, “When you're a bully victim and a coward, your options are suicide, or revenge.”
Police said Martin had a cache of weapons in his possession.
He is being charged with making criminal threats and one count of possessing a loaded 12-gauge shotgun.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On Track School is the honorable recipient of a scholarship donated by Wiseco Performance Products. These funds will greatly assist a student in need of financial assistance. “We couldn't be more honored to be recognized for our efforts in educating our young dedicated athletes while they achieve their dreams on and off the track!” Andrea Leib, director of On Track School, said.
The journey of pursuing a professional motocross career begins as soon as kids are old enough to swing a leg over a bike. Every year so many young racers put in countless hours of work on and off the bike, week in and week out, focusing on placing in one amateur national after another. The vast dedication we've seen throughout the years is incredibly commendable. Unfortunately, sometimes the time required for this profession conflicts with the time required for schooling.
“As strong supporters of an education, we were impressed and excited to learn about the programs offered by On Track School. The folks there are dedicated to providing a quality and accessible education for young racers, so they can pursue success on and off the track.”
“Much like racing, school costs money, so we want to do our part by offering a $2500 scholarship for a student and motocross racer. We are proud to support what On Track School is doing for the sport of motocross and we hope to see more and more racers take advantage of their programs in the near future,” Kevin Bailey, of Wiseco, said.
For more information on receiving an accredited education for grades K-12 as well as college courses, visit www.ontrackschool.com or contact Andrea Leib at 909-374-8851. Follow us @ontrackschool and start learning today!
From 4:30 to 10 a.m. Thursday, the City of Santa Barbara will temporarily close the 1100 block of Anacapa Street, between Anapamu and Figueroa streets.
The street closure is necessary to accommodate continuing roof maintenance activities at the Central Library, 40 E. Anapamu St.
Vehicle traffic will be detoured to surrounding streets.
For more information, contact William Davis at 805.897.2666 or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— William Davis is a project engineer for the City of Santa Barbara Public Works Department, Facilities & Energy Management Division.
TORONTO — Ontario's newly elected Progressive Conservative government has halted changes to sports and concert ticket price legislation that would have capped resale values for events across the province.
A spokesman for the Tories confirmed today that the law passed by the previous Liberal government to address escalating ticket prices will not immediately move ahead.
The Tories say the law attempted to put a cap on ticket resale prices but had no mechanisms to enforce the measure.
The new government, which was officially sworn on last Friday, says it will review the section of the consumer protection law that deals with ticket resale.
By Matt Citak
As sports fans, we sometimes take things for granted. It's not entirely our fault. In this day and age, it just seems as if we've just seen everything. So when something truly special happens, it doesn't always attract the appreciation it deserves.
Such is the case for the amazing rivalry that has developed between the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers over the last few seasons.
We have seen some mighty clashes over the years. There's no denying that the competition during the 1980s between Magic Johnson and the Los Angeles Lakers and Larry Bird and the Boston Celtics was fierce.
From 1980-1989, at least one of these two teams was represented in each NBA Finals. The Lakers took home five titles, while the Celtics managed to win three. Los Angeles and Boston owned the decade, but at the end of the era, these two legendary franchises only met in the championship three times in four years.
A look at rivalries in other sports reveals similar storylines.
The Dallas Cowboys and Pittsburgh Steelers lead the way for the NFL, having met three times in the Super Bowl. However these three match-ups occurred in 1976, 1979, and 1996. You'd have to go all the way back to the early 1950s, before the NFL-AFL merger, to find the same two teams vying for a championship in three consecutive years (the Detroit Lions and Cleveland Browns, 1952-1954).
>>MORE: NBA Coverage
In the NHL, you also have to turn back the clock to the early 50s, when goalies did not wear face masks, to find the sport's latest and only trilogy. The Detroit Red Wings and Montreal Canadiens met in the Stanley Cup Finals from 1954-1956. No two teams have done this since.
It's been almost a century in MLB. The New York Giants and the New York Yankees are the only teams to meet in three straight World Series, and it happened from 1921-1923.
Intense rivalries, at the highest level, do not happen often. This is why what the Cavaliers and Warriors have accomplished over the last few years is a truly spectacular.
For the first time in American sports history, two teams will go toe-to-toe in the championship for the fourth consecutive year.
But it didn't always look as if the Warriors and Cavs' round-four matchup would happen.
Golden State dealt with injuries to all four of the team's all-stars this season. Kevin Durant and Steph Curry sat out the most of the four, combining to miss 45 games during the regular season. Curry was also absent in the postseason until Game 2 of the Conference Semifinals.
Golden State then had to get past a Houston Rockets squad that led the league in wins and was structured to match up against this Warriors squad, which obviously was no easy task. They lost former Finals MVP Andre Iguodala in Game 3, and found themselves down 3-2 — backs to the wall — heading into Game 6.
But the Warriors battled and found a way to persevere, winning Games 6 and 7 to clinch their spot in the Finals.
Things looked even more uncertain in Cleveland this season. After Kyrie Irving forced his way out of town last summer, LeBron James was left with a rather weak supporting cast.
Upon struggling throughout the first half of the season, the Cavaliers shook things up at the trade deadline. Cleveland sent six players packing to various cities while infusing the team with some youth by acquiring Jordan Clarkson, Larry Nance Jr., George Hill and Rodney Hood.
The Cavs finished the season as the Eastern Conference's No. 4 seed, and needed seven games to get past the Indiana Pacers in the first round of the playoffs. Things also looked gloomy during the Eastern Conference Finals, as James and Co. went down 3-2 against the Celtics.
But as we've seen many times before, James put Cleveland on his back and guided the team to back-to-back victories, even playing all 48 minutes in Game 7.
LeBron has now scored 612 points in the 2018 playoffs, the most ever in a single postseason heading into the Finals. He needs only 148 points to break Michael Jordan's record of 759 points in the 1992 postseason, and considering that he is averaging 34.0 points per game through the first three rounds, this seems like a realistic accomplishment.
So NBA fans, one year later, we are right back where we left off — Golden State vs. Cleveland, Round 4. And everyone should be thrilled with this Finals matchup.
We must applaud what these two franchises have done over the last four seasons. We should enjoy watching five of the last six NBA MVPs who will play in this matchup.
And, most importantly, we should appreciate the moment, as we are watching something that has never been done before, and may never happen again.
We are witnessing American sports history.
Matt Citak is a contributor for CBS Local Sports and a proud Vanderbilt alum. Follow him on Twitter.
At Waterloo Lake, docs and signs were almost completely underwater. Area residents say they're accustomed to seeing the lake flooded every year... but not like this.
Film/Text: MotoSport
Over the last 50 years a lot has changed, but one thing has stayed the same: family and motocross. This is the story of how a flooded wasteland was transformed into the longest running night time motocross track in the country. This track has been the proving grounds for some of the fastest racers to ever swing a leg over a bike.
Presenting the award were Judy Goodbody, director of HELP of Carpinteria, and Frank Newton, director of RSVP.
The President's Call to Service Award issued by the White House was presented to Kendall at Tuesday's volunteer recognition luncheon of the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program at the Padaro Beach Grill in Carpinteria.
Carpinteria resident Dorothy Kendall, 90, recently received a national award in honor of her more than 20 years of volunteer service for HELP of Carpinteria .
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
The Nigerian Army said its troops killed four armed militiamen in Ningi Local Government Area of Bauchi State.
Brigadier-General Texas Chukwu, Director, Army Public Relations, via a statement yesterday, said nine militiamen were also arrested.
Chukwu said troops of 33 Artillery Brigades of Operation Lafiya Dole, on March 17, were attacked by the militia at Burra Junction in Ningi.
He stated that the militiamen fired at the troops who were on patrol.
Ckukwu added that the troops, thereafter, engaged the militias, killing four of them.
He explained that the troops also recovered five Dane guns, 38 motorcycles and nine bicycles.
The army spokesman said one soldier was wounded in the attack and referred to a medical facility for treatment.
His words: “Troops of 33 Artillery Brigades, in the ongoing Operation Lafia Dole, on March 17 at about 12:30p.m. encountered members of a militia group, massing up at Burra Junction in Ningi Local Government Area of Bauchi State.
“The militiamen on sighting the troops, opened fire on them while the troops reacted immediately by engaging them.
“At the end of the encounter, four militiamen were killed, troops recovered five dane guns; 38 motorcycles, nine bicycles and nine militiamen arrested.”
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after his employer confronted him about his participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that he lost his job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says he is a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter he was at Charlottesville. After he was identified, he said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give his take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," he said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," he said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. He said on Youtube he wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on his blog that he actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely him — but he insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," he told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
The school year is in full swing at Anacapa School's downtown campus, but the students are still floating from their shared victory high above the wilderness of Yosemite National Park.
Soon after daybreak on Sept. 14, the students and faculty from the small, independent school packed their daypacks and started on the strenuous 15-mile round-trip hike up 2,000 feet of elevation to the summit of famed Clouds Rest. At 9,926 feet above sea level, Clouds Rest is one of the most visually prominent peaks in Yosemite.
The hike was part of a week-long trip to Yosemite National Park with the school's entire student body, grades 7 to 12. During their stay, students camped in the Tuolumne Meadows section of the park, where they learned about preservation, conservation and the forces of geology that created the natural wonders of the Eastern Sierra.
“Our educational philosophy means that our students learn not only academically but also experientially,” said the school's founding headmaster, Gordon Sichi, who led the trip. “By living for a few days in the same environment as John Muir did, the students made a connection with the Sierras that will make an impression on them for a lifetime.”
Despite autumn's frigid, high-elevation temperatures and daily afternoon rainfall, the students remained in high spirits, benefiting from one another's courage and determination.
“I was so proud that everyone made it to the top of Clouds Rest,” said senior Haley Yuhasz, who camped in Tuolumne with Anacapa five years ago. “The positive attitudes were contagious.”
At the beginning and end of each academic year, the small private school takes an extended experiential learning trip. In the past, Anacapa students and faculty have traveled to San Francisco, Death Valley, Zion National Park, Boston and Italy, among other destinations.
Click here for more information about the independent, co-educational, WASC–accredited, college preparatory day school for junior high and high school students.
Mark Dombroski, 19, went missing in Bermuda while on a rugby team tour with St. Joseph's University on Sunday night. His parents, Lisa and John Dombroski, and two brothers made an emotional plea for the public's help. An island-wide search was launched for Mark and news about the student quickly spread nationwide. Hours later, a Bermuda spokesman shared that a body was found during their search. Shortly after that, Bermuda police announced that Mark had died, Fox News reported. A cause of death isn't yet known. Here's everything we know so far about Mark and what happened. This is a developing story.
1. Mark Dombroski Was Last Seen on Closed Circuit TV at 1:15 a.m. on Sunday
Mark left The Dog House Bar around midnight on Sunday morning, reports said. The last time Mark was seen was on CCTV was about an hour later at 1:15 a.m., 1.5 miles away from The Dog House Bar on Middle Road, The Philly Inquirer reported. Around 1:09 a.m., he was spotted on another CCTV camera.
Mark is Caucasian, 6-feet tall, slender, and has close-cut blonde hair, Bermuda Broadcasting Company reported. He was last seen wearing a green T-shirt, khaki pants, and black shoes, according to the Bermuda Rugby Football Union's press release. Police said it's too early to know if foul play was involved. “There is concern for his well-being,” police said, while they were still searching for him. A $1,000 reward was offered for information about where he is. If anyone has photos or videos that might help authorities understand what happened, they are asked to call 441-295-0011 or Crimestoppers anonymously at 800-8477.
2. His Rugby Team Was in Bermuda for an International Tournament
Mark was in Bermuda with St. Joseph's rugby team to participate in an international tournament. College teams from across the country were in Bermuda for the Ariel Re Bermuda International 7's Tournament. Mark's team was supposed to return to the U.S. later on Sunday. St. Joseph's is a Roman Catholic Jesuit University. Members of the local rugby teams and members of the local community searched for Mark on Sunday along the railway trail and other areas on the island, according to the Bermuda Rugby Football Union's press release.
3. Mark Had Hurt His Shoulder and Wasn't in a ‘Celebratory Mood'
Mark's mom, Lisa, said her son didn't have any major mood issues and was mostly fine, except he wasn't in a celebratory mood because he had hurt his shoulder. Mark is from Media, Pennsylvania and graduated in 2017 from Archmere Academy in Claremont, Delaware. Detective Sgt. Jason Smith said there was no evidence that Dombroski was drunk or that alcohol played any role in his disappearance, Fox2Detroit reported.
4. Mark Was Found Dead During a Search by Bermuda Authorities, and the Cause of Death Isn't Yet Known
On Monday afternoon, a spokesman for the Bermuda police said that authorities had found a body while searching for Mark. They later shared that this was the missing Pennsylvania student, Fox reported. In a press conference after Mark's body was found, authorities said they were still processing the scene and could not give a cause of death. His body was found near Fort Prospect, near the Mary Victoria Road and police headquarters in Devonshire, according to the press conference. An autopsy will be performed to help determine the cause of death.
5. The Dog House Is a New Bermuda Bar That's Only Been Open Since Late 2017
The Dog House Bar, where Mark was last seen before leaving and being spotted later on CCTV cameras, is located in Bermuda and has a good reputation. It has a 4.1 out of 5-star ranking on Google reviews, and most reviews refer to it as one of the best club spots in Bermuda, except for one review written five days ago by Marisa Maggs which reads: “Had a bad experience here and horrible service. The only bad experience we had in Bermuda. Would not recommend this place to anyone.” Facebook reviews give it 4.6 out of 5 stars.
It's a new bar that just opened around August 2017, listed as a dance & night club. The bar is located on 93 Front Street (lower level), below Cafe Cairo, which is also owned by the same man, Frank Arnold. Front Street is “covered with cameras,” as one visitor noted, which is why there are videos of Mark before he disappeared. The Royal Gazette described the Dog House as a bar with a “strong American slant,” including decor fashioned from old homes in Pennsylvania. The bar has multiple TV screens for watching live sports and a stage for live performances.
By Matthew Hassan Kukah
HIS Lordship Bishop Joseph Danlami Bagobiri, Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Kafanchan was buried on Thursday, 15th March, 2018. He was one of the best of Nigerian I met at the 2014 National Conference and I still remember our “Last Supper” at the Abuja home of Dr. Peter Odili.The homily below by Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese at his funeral mass is most befitting. Goodnite sir!
I am for peace, but when I speak, they are for war (Ps. 120:7)
When my metropolitan Archbishop, Matthew Ndagoso called to tell me that roles had been assigned ahead of the funeral of our brother Bishop Joseph Danlami Bagobiri and that I had been assigned the role of preacher for this Mass, I knew I did not have an opinion in the matter. In a way, I could probably fall back on the fact that apart from members of his immediate family and close friends, I have known the late Bishop Bagobiri the longest compared to almost everyone here.
As a Deacon in 1975, I was assigned to St. Andrew's Catholic Church, Kakuri to undertake the last phase of my pastoral work ahead of my ordination. I made friends but three or four stood out and one of them was Mr. David Bagobiri. We had struck a good relationship because he was a very active member of the parish. (Today, thanks be to God, his son, John, is a priest of the Diocese of Kafanchan and is likely to be one of the Masters of Ceremonies here). After my ordination, I was sent back to Kaduna to work as an Assistant to an old Irish man, the late Fr John Lee. Mr. Bagobiri remained a central figure in the parish.
One day, after Mass, Mr. Bagobiri approached me and introduced a young man to me. This is my junior brother, and his name is Joseph. He has just finished Secondary school and he says he wants to be a priest like you. I shook hands with the young man and asked him to come and see me the next day, Monday. He came early in the morning and told me he wanted to become a priest but did not know how to go about. He said he had finished from a Secondary school and not a Minor Seminary. I asked him the usual questions and more or less satisfied myself that he should be encouraged to apply to the Archdiocese of Kaduna as a Seminarian. Incidentally, I was the Vocations Director. The rest, as they say, is history. We had mutual respect for one another. That I should be standing here to preach at his funeral is an honour I cannot take lightly.
For most of you here in the audience, you may recall that the last time I stood before a huge gathering of this nature to undertake the same assignment was at the funeral of the late Sir, Patrick Yakowa, and Governor of Kaduna State on December 21st, 2012. I am told that till date, members of the Kaduna mafia have not been able to live down the contents of the sermon. Yet, then as now, they did not dispute the evidence I presented. Today, that Kaduna has become an open sore of injury and pain that it is the most divided and volatile state in Nigeria is the result of the seeds of disunity sowed in the corrosive legacy of the policies of exclusion that the mafia sowed. We are sadly still not out of the woods yet.
Today is a special day for Southern Kaduna people and the people of the state as a whole. It is a day of reckoning. It is as much a day of sowing as a day of reaping. It is a day of promise and a day of hope. The mixed nature of our gathering suggests very clearly that this is not an ordinary funeral ceremony.
Certain burials make certain demands. They set the records of history straight. They create an urgency of now. No one should expect that the burial of someone like Bishop Joseph Bagobiri should be a simple ceremony of burying a Bishop. If it were so, the Bishops could have buried their brother and returned to their Dioceses. But, these are no ordinary times in Nigeria and my sermon will draw from both Scripture and the streets.
Our gathering here is beyond the ritual of a burial. We are gathered for a memorial, a celebration, and a festival, even a carnival. We are gathered here not as mourners with tears of sorrow in our eyes. We are gathered as men and women joyous in hope and praise. We are not gathered in tribulation, but in confident optimism. We do not feel a sense of loss and defeat, but no, rather a sense of exultant triumph of the risen Lord. There are no mourners and sympathisers here. All of us, Catholics, Protestants, Muslims, Men, Women, young and old, are gathered united as family. We are gathered here as a company of witnesses to celebrate a great man, a warrior, a statesman, and a brave and fearless man. St. Paul says: “Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us” (Heb. 12:1).
At no time is the beauty and essence of Christianity better manifested than at a funeral. During it, we Christians celebrate the assurance of our faith, we re-enact the essence of our faith. We celebrate the assurance that for the Christian, the future after death is not the subject of speculation, fear or uncertainty. No other faith in the entire world speaks with the certainty of Christianity about life after death. Our hope is anchored on testable, verifiable evidence of Scripture that after His crucifixion and death, Jesus rose from the dead. The event so confused the authorities of the time that they had to resort to bribing the guards they had placed at the tomb to deny that he had risen (Mt. 28: 12).
What we are celebrating today is the promise of Scripture that for us, as with Christ, the tomb is not a final resting place. It is a departure lounge for a journey to eternity. Jesus said: I have gone to prepare a place for you so that where I am, you too may be (Jn. 14:3). We are celebrating the hope that Bishop Bagobiri is a beneficiary of this promise. Therefore, as St. Paul said, with such thoughts as these, let us console one another with the same consolation that we ourselves have received from God ( 2 Cor. 1:4).
As it is with the history of our faith, these are no easy times to be a Christian anywhere in the world especially here in Nigeria. There is staggering but also verifiable evidence that Christians are today the most persecuted set of people anywhere in the world. Today, Christians are still faced with the challenges of proclaiming their Gospel in an environment that remains quite hostile to this Message. Yet, as St. Paul said to Timothy: We must preach the Gospel, welcome or unwelcome (2 Tim. 4:2).
Jesus lived and taught His followers a message that broke barriers and changed the course of human history. It was intolerable language then and it is still so today (Jn. 6:56). His message stood against everything that the world thought rational and reasonable. Imagine these texts: Blessed are the poor in spirit, Blessed are you when men abuse and persecute you (Mt. 5:3). If you are slapped on one cheek, turn the other (Lk. 6:29). Love and pray for your enemies (Mt. 5:44). Give everyone that asks, if they steal your tunic, give them your coat (Mt. 5:40). Do not keep a record of offences, and forgive one another seventy times seven times (Mt. 18:22).
Bishop Bagobiri's life was an effort at managing these conflicting demands in a society that had become violently opposed to both the principles of Christianity and those of natural justice. It is impossible to speak about Bishop Bagobiri without paying attention to the circumstances that provided a context for his rage, frustration and sense of moral revulsion and indignation. Like the rest of us, he had his tempers, but like Jesus, the injustice and corruption in the society exacerbated his sorrow. His frustration occurred in an environment of death, destruction and vulnerability of ordinary people. His anger had context.
Things in Southern Kaduna came to a head in the Southern Kaduna after the crisis of Zangon Kataf. Sadly, through what an author has called, the act of judicial terrorism that was the trial of General Lekwot and his kinsmen, the drift became more palpable. That trial will go down in history as one of the most gruesome abuses of judicial processes in history. In the end, true leadership failed to find lasting ways of healing our people and so our people in Kaduna became more divided both physically and psychologically. The people of Southern Kaduna took stock of their verifiable sacrifices and contribution to the development of the north and Kaduna state, their massive contribution in the civil war. They had reaped very little by way of benefits and inclusion.
Their perceived alienation and exclusion from the levers of power was palpable and clearly deliberately crafted. By the late 70s and to the 90s an array of very well educated elite had emerged across Southern Kaduna. There were thousands of eminently qualified graduates covering all fields of education. Naturally, with this quality of education, people were bound to think differently about their rights and their place in the society in which they lived.
After nearly thirty years of the creation of their state, none of them had occupied the seat of a Governor. None had qualified to represent the State as a Minister. They looked around and found a land barren of both federal and state government presence. There were no state television signals as we had to rely on Plateau State television for media coverage. There were no roads, not a single industry sited anywhere in the state. A highly educated work force became impatient with this perceived injustice to exclude them from power.
It would take a combination of President Obasanjo and Alhaji Makarfi to change the course of the history of the people of Southern Kaduna. It was in 1999 that Senator Isaiah Balat was appointed a Minister to represent Kaduna State. Even then, the key northern Muslims protested saying that Senator Balat was a Christian not a northerner. Then came the historic appointments of both Lt. Generals Martin Luther Agwai and Yusuf Luka to the positions of Chief of Army Staff and for Agwai, Chief of General Staff.
When I met President Obasanjo and thanked him for this, he said to me: There is nothing to thank me for. These two gentlemen were the best, they had the best career records and so we did not do them a favour. I felt sorry for General Obasanjo because he did not seem to understand that in the eyes of the mafia, merit, excellence, competence, were tied to religion and region and that in our case, being a Christian excluded you from certain positions.
To be concluded.
SAN DIEGO — The legalization of California's marijuana industry and start of Girl Scout cookie sales have created an opportune moment for at least one San Diego girl.
A photo posted on Instagram by Urbn Leaf, a San Diego marijuana dispensary, showed a Girl Scout with an armful of cookies in front of the store.
"Get some Girl Scout Cookies with your GSC today until 4 p.m.! Have a friend that wants to #tagalong? Bring them with - shopping is more fun with friends anyways," the company wrote. "GSC" refers to a marijuana product flavored like Girl Scout Cookies.
The scout's father said his daughter sold more than 300 boxes in about 6 hours.
Girl Scouts San Diego says booth sales do not start for another week, but that scouts are allowed to sell from wagons as long as they have a parent or guardian present.
"So if that's what they say they were doing ... then they were right within the rules," said the Scout's father said.
The controversial move of Girl Scout cookie sales at dispensaries has come with changing times around the country.
Girl Scouts of America Colorado was prompted to issue a statement in 2014 after a scout reportedly sold more than 100 boxes of cookies in two hours outside a San Francisco dispensary.
"If you are wondering, we don't allow our Girl Scouts to sell cookies in front of marijuana shops or liquor stores/bars," the organization's Colorado branch tweeted.
However, Kelly Parisi, chief communications officer from Girl Scouts of the USA, told the LA Times that each region makes "all decisions on how the cookie program is run. As always, our primary concern is the safety and well-being of the girls we serve."
Girl Scouts across the U.S. began selling cookies last month and will continue to until April.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce handed on-loan Manchester United man Axel Tuanzebe his Aston Villa debut in today's 3-2 victory over Burton Albion.
A game against the Championship's basement boys appeared a walkover on paper but Burton refused to lie down and presented Villa with one of their toughest tests of this six-game winning run.
Scott Hogan, Albert Adomah and Jack Grealish ensured Tuanzebe's Villa bow ended in victory. Here's how his afternoon unfolded.
Where did he play?
Tuanzebe waited on the touchline for what seemed like an age after Stephen Clemence gave him the initial call to finish his warm-up in front of the Trinity Road Stand.
Despite arriving back and receiving instructions from goalkeeping coach Gary Walsh - who offers out set-piece advice amongst other things for substitutes - just past the hour, Tuanzebe didn't actually get on the field until 67 minutes had past. Tuanzebe replaced Robert Snodgrass with Ahmed Elmohamady shifting to right wing, allowing the 20-year-old to slot in at right-back.
How did he get on?
Tuanzebe looked relatively solid and ticks a lot of boxes. He certainly looks athletic and managed to handle the speedy Lloyd Dyer a little better than Elmohamady had done before his introduction.
He played a key role in Villa's third and decisive goal by galloping down the right and teeing up Elmohamady to cross for Grealish to volley home.
poll loading Where will Aston Villa finish in the Championship this season? 5000+ VOTES SO FAR Champions Runners-up Play offs 7-12 Bottom half
As you would expect from a player who has honed his skills at Carrington since his school days, Tuanzebe possesses plenty of poise and class on the ball. He kept things simple as Villa looked to hold onto their lead late on.
With this first taste of action in claret and blue out of the way, Tuanzebe will be looking to secure more first team minutes. Where those minutes will come isn't quite clear but Bruce has already admitted that Tuanzebe has joined Villa to play a leading role, not a supporting one.
What they said...
Assistant boss Colin Calderwood faced the media post-match and discussed Tuanzebe's debut.
“In a short period on the pitch he's obviously got a lot of learning to do with relationships within a back four and people in front of him," he said. "We've got about six, seven days before the next game at home and the experience of training together will help him.
“I think he's versatile. We've seen him play all across the back four and in centre midfield. I think that versatility is a terrific asset for us and for him at the minute.”
JACK'S INSPIRATION
That's for you, nan!
Jack Grealish's grandma was the inspiration for the Aston Villa star's first goal of the season.
Grealish scored Villa's final goal in the 3-2 Villa Park victory that keeps their Championship promotion charge rolling.
Having been booked (harshly) for an alleged dive in the penalty area, and clipped the crossbar with a curling shot, Grealish finally got the goal he deserved on 88 minutes.
The 22-year-old was in the right place at the right time to clinically volley home an Ahmed Elmohamady cross as Villa made hard work of seeing off the struggling Brewers.
Grealish has been in sparkling form recently, but the goal opened his account for the campaign and was his first since he scored on the final day of last season.
His dad Kevin predicted ahead of the match that Grealish would score because it was his nan's birthday - and Super Jack did not disappoint.
Kevin took to social media after the match to say
"Happy b'day, Maggie G. And a goal from. Jackie G. For you. Happy Birthday mom. Upthevilla."
The Grealishs had an executive box in the Trinity Road stand to mark the occasion and Grealish ran towards there to celebrate his goal.
MINI MATCH REPORT
Aston Villa continue to pile pressure on Derby County with a 3-2 victory over Burton Albion at Villa Park - but it was more tense than it needed to be.
Scott Hogan opened the scoring for Villa on 33 minutes, rounding off a flowing moved which included a delightful throughball from Robert Snodgrass.
Albert Adomah doubled the lead on 65 minutes when he squeezed in a header at the back post after Snodgrass floated a measured cross from the right.
The Brewers made the Villa Park faithful nervous by pulling one back through an Ahmed Elmohamady own goal on 71 minutes.
Moments earlier Jack Grealish was booked for an alleged dive when it looked like a penalty and the Brummie midfielder later hit the bar with a curling effort.
But Grealish got the goal he deserved in the 88th when he volleyed in emphatically after Elomhamady crossed from the right.
The scoring was not over yet as Brewers substitute Liam Boyce wriggled through to make it 3-2 in stoppage time.
Steve Bruce kept faith with the XI who started the midweek victory at Sheffield United and it paid off as Villa made it six wins on the spin for the first time since 1990.
Axel Tuanzebe was given his first run out as a Villa player with the Manhcester United loanee coming on as a substitute midway through the second-half.
The latest victory, in front of a crowd of 33,022 at Villa Park, leaves Villa in third, a point behind second-placed Derby.
Yoselyn Ortega arrives for a hearing for her trial at Manhattan Supreme Court in New York City on July 8, 2013. Lucas Jackson/Reuters
On Oct. 22, 2012, three days before she slaughtered two of the three children she cared for as a nanny, Yoselyn Ortega visited a psychologist, Dr. Thomas A. Caffrey, on New York City's Upper West Side. He was the kind of guy you'd hope a person on the verge of committing murder would go to see: He had a doctorate in clinical psychology, more than 40 years of clinical experience, and a specialty in forensic psychology—the psychology of criminals. He'd worked for years within the prison system and was a former president of the New York State Psychological Association's forensic division.
According to the testimony Caffrey gave in the trial that found Ortega guilty of murder just last week, after the perhaps 40-minute session (length remains controversial), he wrote down “Prognosis: good.” (His notes went into evidence.) He did not record having a follow-up appointment, although he says he expected one. He charged her $200 for the visit.
We now know that Ortega's prognosis was anything but “good.” Eighty hours later, she would fatally stab 6-year-old Lucia Krim and 2-year-old Leo Krim before attempting suicide in the bathroom of the family's apartment. Hindsight makes perfectly clear that this woman, who reached out for professional help, was descending into a suicidal and homicidal state, probably in need of hospitalization. The jury may have found her legally sane—she likely did not suffer psychosis or dissociation during the crime and was conscious of what she was doing—but her “prognosis” when she left Caffrey's office could not have been worse.
Just as we would consider someone seeing a pulmonologist, getting an all-clear, and then dying three days later of lung cancer a medical failure, we are obligated to explore how the system failed this patient so that we may prevent identical mistakes. It is even more important to look at how we triage mental health care in this age of monthly mass shootings, particularly when basic treatments may easily change these outcomes. So how was this clinician unable to see how serious Ortega's case was, and how was he not able to help her in any way that would have prevented the tragedy that was about to occur?
Just as we would consider someone seeing a pulmonologist, getting an all-clear, and then dying three days later of lung cancer a medical failure, we are obligated to explore how the system failed this patient.
There's not much point in sandbagging this therapist and painting him as a villain—presumably he wishes he would have conducted the session differently, and surely in the past he has guided clients to wellness. (Caffrey did not want to breach the confidentiality of the client and refrained from commenting for this article.) But it is useful to place this episode in the larger context of the problems with mental health care. Too often we assert that mental health cases are fundamentally more abstract than physical disease—trickier to assess or diagnose, fundamentally outside of the medical framework. But we now know Ortega would be a danger to others and to herself, and as far as symptoms go, that's standard stuff when it comes to mental health assessment. So what happened, and what can we learn from it?
Ortega was pointed to the psychologist by her health insurance company, possibly via their website. When she called, he said he could not see her because his schedule was full that day, but she repeatedly insisted she needed to see him immediately, so he fit her in at his lunch hour. She arrived well before the appointed time and simply remained outside his office, waiting, with a friend who had accompanied her. He saw her at 12:20 p.m. His next appointment was at 1:30 p.m. He had seven patients scheduled after her.
She complained of a racing heart and anxiety. The therapist noticed her obvious anxiety and observed her speaking fast and having “pressured speech.” He said she “seemed to have the world on her shoulders.” She spoke mostly about her son, who had been separated from her since he was 4, when she sent him to live with a sister in the Dominican Republic, and then reunited with her recently, when he moved back to the United States. He was doing well in school in New York City, but she had to move back into an apartment with her family, and they were now in a crowded situation. She was under extreme financial stress. She felt like she had let her son down, now and for most of his life.
By the end of the session, Caffrey diagnosed her with generalized anxiety disorder, for insurance purposes, and dysthymic disorder, which is a mild but pervasive and chronic depression, in his own records. He recorded her anxieties about money (calling it “money phobia”) and her feelings of guilt around not having done as well as she could have for her son.
At trial, defense lawyer Valerie Van Leer-Greenberg* went after the psychologist in typical courtroom-drama fashion, raising her voice with a tone of astonishment during pointed questioning.
“In fact, you never asked Ms. Ortega, ‘Did you ever hear any voices?' ”
He replied with a simple, “No.”
“Never asked her medical history?”
“No.”
“Did you ever ask Ms. Ortega how long she'd been feeling sad?”
“No.”
“Did you ask about her family history?”
“No.”
“Ask about her sleep?”
“No.”
“Her appetite?”
“No.”
“Onset, persistence, duration of symptoms. You never ascertained how long?”
“I didn't specifically ask about it.”
“You did not ask about her hurting herself?”
“Not that I recall.”
“Hurting others?”
“No.”
“You never once asked her what she does every day, did you?”
It seems that instead, the psychologist had let Ms. Ortega lead the session with thoughts at the forefront of her mind.
For Caffrey, this seemed by design. As he said on the stand, “I'm not looking for symptoms. I'm looking for understanding.”
And yet, in his report to the medical insurance company, he did list at least 10 presenting symptoms, a seemingly thorough assessment. He was required to list these symptoms for insurance-reimbursement purposes, because the insurance company assumes his job is to assess for them—it's the most basic requirement of professionals in our health care system. When staring down the difference between what Caffrey actually did and what he said he did so he could bill for the appointment via medical insurance, we see a conflict that may represent a global problem with our already rickety-as-hell mental health system. It's still a wild west of rules and protocols, much of it disconnected from the mainstream health care system in which it is embedded. Mental health care is still inchoate in its process, protocol, and triage.
Imagine if Ortega had, instead of going to a psychotherapist, gone to any medical doctor for any reason at all: achy feet, skin rash, pounding heart. As soon as she would have walked in, she would have been handed a clipboard and asked to fill out an intake form. Before setting foot in the office, she would have been required to describe her current symptoms (as she saw them), her medical history, her current medications, and perhaps much more: recreational alcohol and drug use, occupation, and a request to tick off boxes next to a long list of symptoms and ailments.
While psychiatric symptoms can be especially difficult for the typical patient to discern, a psychiatric intake form, with its questions designed for mental health issues, would have forced her to consider objectively her sleep issues, appetite issues, level of sadness and anxiety, delusions and hallucinations, and feelings of self-harm. Some intake forms have a suicide-assessment checklist and even ask about access to guns. There had been a suicide in her family, and this would be an important indication of the possibility of suicidal depression. Her intake form would have then provided a guide for the appointment.
And the point of the intake form and initial consultation would be, as in any medical profession, deducing symptoms. What are they, how severe are they, what may be causing them, and is there anything we can do relieve them, both immediately and in the long term? But the field of mental health is still not wholly placed within the field of medicine, and that means patients are not treated as systematically as is required in medical practice.
“The idea that this therapist didn't look for symptoms means, ‘OK, I'm not in the mental illness business, I'm in the dealing-with-people's-personalities-and-relationships business,' ” says Jeffrey Lieberman, chairman of psychiatry at Columbia University.
For anything beyond routine life stressors, an initial mental health evaluation should be medical, performed by a psychiatric specialist.
This is not to say that the psychologists who are interested in dealing with people's personalities and relationships are not doing valid work, just that patients who are seeking treatment for mental health issues deserve to be assessed in a standardized manner that helps them access the right level of care for the problems they are facing before they begin treatment. Currently, people are expected to make the right choice of what kind of mental health care professional they need when they first make contact with the system. It's a Chinese menu of treatment options even when we are at our most clear-headed, never mind when we are in urgent need of help. And mental health care is almost entirely made up of varieties of “psychotherapists,” which could refer to anything from a barely trained New Age spiritualist who sets up practice in her living room to a person with the many degrees and decades of experience as Dr. Caffrey. What they both have in common is that there is no real health protocol in their duties, as there is in the field of medicine.
It is a grave mistake to think of mental health care issues or, better put, psychiatric issues as outside of the field of medicine. Mental health issues often stem from environmental stress, but they manifest as very real physiological conditions, including imbalances of nervous-system chemicals and missed neurological connections that result in feelings of extreme and uncontrollable depression, or manifestations of nervous-system overload, like panic attacks.
The panoply of nonmedical psychotherapists are essential to mental health care. Indeed, the good ones, who follow evidence-based treatment protocols, are the heart and soul of the profession. Most psychotherapists are caregivers with the best of intentions, and for most people, upon consultation and with regular visits, symptoms are relieved and the client is set on a path for a more fulfilling life. But these psychotherapists should not be tasked with catching patients like Ortega who could be a harm to themselves or others. The point is that, for anything beyond routine life stressors, an initial mental health evaluation should be medical, performed by a psychiatric specialist.
“A psychiatrist is trained more extensively, has a broader scope of knowledge with which to define potential diagnoses, and can deliver treatment more expeditiously,” says Lieberman. “They can then refer them to psychotherapy, group or family therapy, or anyone else. There's no question the place to start is with a psychiatrist, however, the practice pattern is not in place.”
Not only is the pattern not in place, there are, in fact, enormous hurdles between the average person and a visit to a psychiatrist's office. They are the highest proportion of medical care practitioners who do not accept insurance, and they often charge hundreds for a single appointment. There is also a shortage of psychiatrists in practice. Although there are estimates that 1 in 5 people have a mental health condition, a 2017 study found that not a single psychiatrist could be found in 60 percent of U.S. counties.
This is all to say that transforming the mental health care system to center around psychiatrist-conducted intakes is by no means a simple fix. It would take an extraordinary overhaul, and in the United States, these problems are part of the larger frustrations of our entire health care system—it still costs too much, resources are still short in supply, and service to low-income communities remains uneven.
But as we continue to discuss how failure to access proper mental health care may have contributed to mass public violence, we must also consider how those who do make contact with the system can be failed by it, and we must examine those failures to improve the system. If mental health care were better understood by the public, and if access to psychiatrists as first point of contact were a standard, the most serious cases would have a much better chance of ending in treatment, not tragedy.
If Yoselyn Ortega had been handed a simple intake form and asked the right questions by a doctor looking for common, clear-cut symptoms, such as suicidal ideation, she may have been hospitalized on the spot. If she was less than forthcoming about her suicidal (much less homicidal) feelings, she may have at least been given medication for her debilitating anxiety, medicines that could have diffused the fury building in her mind. It's impossible to say how that would have changed what ended up happening, but it is essential that we reconsider how the system worked, and how it didn't work. It's the best chance we have of improving it for the next patient who ends up searching through an insurance company's protracted list of mental health professionals, in need of psychiatric help.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City are close to landing Riyad Mahrez for a knockdown fee which would still break their transfer record, the Sun reports.
The Premier League champions are set to sign the Leicester playmaker for £60million, the paper claims. City had hoped to secure a deal for Mahrez in January, but walked away when the costs topped £90million.
The lesser fee of £60million would still surpass the £57million City paid Athletic Bilbao for centre-back Aymeric Laporte earlier this year.
Kyle Walker had to follow his parents on the motorway at the start of his senior football journey, but this summer he is aiming to be a driving force for England at the World Cup.
No outfield player accumulated as many minutes in qualifying as Walker did and just four of the 23 players Gareth Southgate is taking to Russia have won more caps than the defender's 34.
An international veteran in this Three Lions squad, Walker can still recall how green he was when he had his initial taste of first-team football a decade ago as an 18-year-old loaned to Northampton from Sheffield United.
“It was a massive opportunity for me,” he recalls of the nine-game spell.
“I can remember driving down with my mum and dad. They were in the front car and I had to follow them down because I'd never driven on a motorway before! So it was strange.
“They came in and watched me train. (Adebayo) Akinfenwa was there. Leon Constantine. And I was thinking, ‘These guys are going to think I'm a kid with my mum and dad!'.”
There were other experiences early in Walker's career, away from Britain's motorways, which would stand him in good stead for what was to come.
It was early in the defender's Blades career when he was first deployed as a centre-back – though it is unlikely his performance in a 2009 FA Cup loss to Hull persuaded Southgate to move him inside for England's most recent friendlies.
“I did play central defence for Sheffield United – in my second game there against Hull,” Walker explained.
“I had Chris Morgan to the side of me which was helping me a lot and if I did anything wrong I'd be sure to find out about it!
“Caleb Folan was the centre forward. He was a classic target man. I was like, ‘Morgs, you please go and head! And I'll sweep up behind you'.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A season with Pep Guardiola's Premier League champions Manchester City has also been particularly educational.
Walker feels he has a greater appreciation of tactics, both for his personal role and the collective, and will look to use Guardiola's lessons with an international team aiming to buck the trend when it comes to major tournament disappointment.
“As English people, we are very honest, we will run for 90-odd minutes and sometimes you need to say, ‘Okay, let's pull the reins back a bit, let's control the game with our passing and keep the ball',” Walker said.
“When we have the ball, they will have to run and the likes of Spain and Germany believe in a certain philosophy.
“We need to take that into a tournament and believe in what we are trying to do and what we are trying to achieve.
“If the crowd are getting on us and booing us, don't worry about it. Believe in us as a set of players, believe in the manager and believe in what we are trying to do and achieve.”
Once the teenager who trailed his parents to training, Walker is hoping to be one of those guiding the way in Russia.
by Smriti Sen Gupta
The High Division Bench of Bangladesh Supreme court comprising Justice Ashfaqul Islam, and Justice Ashish Ranjan Das on April 3, 2017 issued a rule asking the cabinet secretary to explain in four weeks why it should not be directed to include editors of national newspapers in the warrant of precedence for their role in promoting good governance in the state and society.
The cabinet secretary was also asked to show causes why non-inclusion of editors in the protocol list which is used for all government purposes, including ceremonial occasions, should not be declared illegal.
While we express our profound gratitude to Justice Ashfaqul Islam, and Justice Ashish Ranjan Das for very kindly issuing the aforesaid rule, we want to draw their precious attention to the fact that currently government officers starting from below the rank of upazila nirbahi officer get division in jail either as under-trial or convicted prisoners. But unfortunately, editors of national newspapers (dailies and weeklies) do not get this privilege in the prison unless they move a writ petition with the apex court. This certainly is a serious insult to the media and the journalists in Bangladesh.
We want to draw the attention of Barrister Raghib Rauf Chowdhury, who moved the above petition with the High Court, to this matter.
Here we want to give an example. Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury, editor of Weekly Blitz, a newspaper known at home and abroad has been in the profession of journalism since 1989. He has worked as the Bureau Chief of ITAR-TASS News agency State news agency of the Russian Federation; Special Correspondent of the New Nation; Special Correspondent of the daily Inqilab; CEO A-21 TV (the first private TV channel of Bangladesh) etc. He has been the editor of Weekly Blitz for last 13 plus years.
Shoaib Choudhury is an internationally known anti-militancy journalist, who has received many awards at home and abroad; and is the author of several books. His book had been translated in Italian language and published by Neftasia in Italy. Moreover, he has written in a large number of local and international newspapers and journals.
The sordid fact is, this eminent journalist and editor is serving rigorous imprisonment in Bangladesh since 2012 in a false sedition, treason, and blasphemy case; for the ‘crimes' of confronting militancy, anti-Semitism, Holocaust denial, religious hatred; and for promoting interfaith harmony. But till date, he is serving the rigorous imprisonment as an ordinary convict prisoner.
May we hope, the above mentioned issues will be brought to the attention of the Apex Court and senior journalists and editors like Salah Uddin Shoaib Choudhury will get division in prison?
Comments
comments
City officials had considered changing the route because it is running $40,000 in the red
The City of Santa Barbara had considered service changes to the waterfront shuttle route because the program is $40,000 in the red, but the City Council voted Tuesday to have the Waterfront Department pick up the funding shortfall.
The Metropolitan Transit District operates the shuttle from the Santa Barbara Zoo to the Harbor, which isn't as popular as the downtown shuttle route on State Street to Stearns Wharf.
Council members considered shortening the shuttle's hours or route, but decided to have the Waterfront Department pick up the extra funds and perhaps pass it on to visiting cruise ships.
Cruise ships pay $5 per person on board in landing fees — which ends up being $13,000 to $18,000 per ship visit — and the city organizes booster shuttles to and from Sea Landing to handle the extra people, Waterfront Director Scott Riedman said.
“It's absolutely important that we maintain that relationship with MTD to have additional shuttles for when cruise ships come in,” he said, asking the council not to eliminate the wharf-to-harbor section of the route.
In a separate matter earlier Tuesday, the Finance Committee decided to use Self Insurance Fund money to fund the $636,546.22 court settlement for property owners who sued after the city decided to disown a portion of the Ealand Place cul-de-sac.
This road has only one home left on it, with all other owners driven away by the 2008 Tea Fire, landslides or both, and the city doesn't want ongoing maintenance costs for what is essentially a private driveway now.
Councilman Dale Francisco said the city will figure out how to pay the Self Insurance Fund back at a later point.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
!!!Annual Open House Promotion!!! You're invited to the Open House Meet the Experts and Learn Karate Secrets Come join us at our Spring 2017 OPEN HOUSE We will be sharing all that our school has to offer. From demonstrations by current students and instructors, full class lessons a plenty, lessons in karate techniques, board breaking, and our exclusive anti-bullying/predator prevention system called ARMOR! We are excited to announce our “ARMOR” program is now the signature go to anti-bullying education program for the Girl Scouts of Western Ohio as their service! And there will be ample chances for you and your little ones to come up on deck to participate! Once a Year Exclusive Promotional Offer! If you sign up at Open House you will receive 50% off -first year's membership! *percentage is discounted from standard membership rates. *does not stack with other promotional offers (such as the family discount) How do I sign up? Please let us know you are coming – so we can plan to see you there!!! We are expecting a large turnout, and when you let us know you are dropping by we can plan accordingly. You can RSVP via email at pmaloveland@gmail.com and if for some reason you don't RSVP – we still want you to come during Event Hours! We will welcome you at the door! When? Saturday May 20th 10:30-4:00 pm Where? PRO Martial Arts Loveland / 784 Loveland Miamiville Rd, Loveland, OH 45140
CTV Vancouver
A pickup truck left a trail of wreckage outside a Maple Ridge mall Thursday when it hit a parked car, a pedestrian and a bus shelter.
The incident occurred at around 3 p.m. in a mall parking lot at Dewdney Trunk Road and 240 Street.
"There were tons of people… just kind of watching. I saw the people getting into the ambulance," one witness told CTV News. "There were so many fire trucks… it was scary."
Police said multiple calls were made to 911 reporting a black Dodge pickup truck driving erratically before the crash. Early investigation suggested the driver left a parking stall, backed into a parked vehicle, then drove forward into the drive-thru lane, colliding with the barricades.
The driver then jumped the curb and came to a stop against an empty bus shelter.
A female pedestrian and her son were injured in the series of events, and both were treated for non-life-threatening injuries.
Mounties said a 34-year-old Mission, B.C. man was arrested at the scene for investigation of impaired driving, hit-and-run and dangerous driving causing bodily harm. He was released on a promise to appear in court.
Firefighters battled a wildfire near the University of California, Riverside that came dangerously close to homes, prompting an evacuation order.
The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said the fire broke out near a city street Sunday afternoon and quickly burned uphill into Box Springs Mountains, which includes a reserve managed by the university. Aerial footage from a news helicopter shows the flames burning close to homes with retardant on their rooftops. Authorities issued evacuation orders for a neighborhood east of the mountain in Moreno Valley. The orders were lifted several hours later.
About 150 firefighters are battling the blaze, which has scorched 1,000 acres.
The fast-moving Blaine fire was burning near homes in Riverside on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A new documentary focusing on a Minnesota lawmaker is set to premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival.
“What this campaign has been about is really changing the notion is what politics means and who has access to political power,” Rep. Ilhan Omar says in a clip from the film.
“Time For Ilhan” document's Omar's grassroots campaign and historic win for state representative. As you know, she is the first Somali-American, Muslim woman elected to state office in the country.
The documentary, directed by local filmmaker Norah Shapiro, will make its world premiere next month. Omar is serving her second year in office.
The man who says he sent out the false ballistic missile alert last month in Hawaii that caused more than a half hour of panic said Friday he thinks he is being treated unfairly, and he was positive at the time the drill was real.
The man, who said he doesn't want to be identified for security reasons, was fired by the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (HI-EMA) earlier this week. He told CNN on Friday that he feels terrible about what happened, but he did what he was trained to do.
He hopes that by speaking out, he can help prevent a similar incident from happening in the 49 other states.
The drill began on the morning of January 13 as the man, who had been with the agency for 11 1/2 years, according to his lawyer, and his coworkers were just logging on to their computers at the beginning of their shifts, he said.
"I thought 100 percent it was real," said the former employee, who said he had been involved in about five prior missile drills.
The man said this time he never heard "exercise, exercise, exercise" over the secure phone for emergencies because someone picked up the handset before transferring it to a speaker.
The man said he heard the words "This is not a drill" in a voice he did not recognize and reacted as he was trained to do. He went on his computer and used a pull-down menu to send out the alert.
Bruce Oliveira, who conducted an HI-EMA investigation into the incident, said earlier this week that five other employees in the room heard the guidance that it was an exercise.
Oliveira, who retired from the Hawaii National Guard as brigadier general, also told reporters, "When it became apparent that the real-world alert was issued," the employee who sent it out "seemed confused, he froze and another employee had to take over his responsibilities."
The employee "had a history of confusing drill and real-world events," Oliveira said.
The man disagreed with the state's version of what happened and said there was no one in the room that said it was a drill.
The man blamed the incident on a variety of factors -- it was shift change, he and others lacked training, the drill was unannounced -- for the alert that wasn't corrected for 38 minutes.
He also said protocols for the drills he was involved in changed each time.
"The (state and the Federal Communications Commission) have false information in the reports," the man said.
Attorney Michael Green said his client was a scapegoat.
"No one was ready for this day," Green said by phone. "They were not ready and they were not programmed to do what they were supposed to do when this happened."
Green and his client pointed out there was no safeguard measures to withdraw the alert. Employees had to call in people from the IT department to get it canceled. The former employee said the whole thing was a failure in planning from top to bottom.
Report finds problems
An internal investigation found "that insufficient management controls, poor computer software design and human factors contributed" to the alert and a delayed correction message.
Maj. Gen. Joe Logan, Hawaii's state adjutant general, said Vern Miyagi, administrator of the state emergency management agency, resigned Tuesday.
Miyagi accepted full responsibility for the incident and the actions of his employees, Logan said. Another employee was suspended without pay and a third employee resigned before any disciplinary action was taken, Logan said.
Logan said he appointed Brig. Gen. Moses Kaoiwi, director of joint staff with the Hawaii National Guard, as interim agency administrator.
Recommendations are released
Oliveira made two dozen recommendations, including eliminating practice drills during a shift change, stronger confirmation prompts for those sending an alert, and improved training.
The former employee told CNN that the task he was assigned to do in sending the alert will now be a two-person job.
But he said that he thinks the military is better equipped for alerts. Before November, the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency's alerts were predominantly were about hurricanes, possible tsunamis and other Earth-driven events.
FCC report
Oliveira's findings echoed an Federal Communications Commission report issued Tuesday.
The FCC report said the emergency management worker thought the state was under attack and sent out the warning that sent residents into panic.
"Many things went wrong in Hawaii," FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a published statement. "I don't say this for the purpose of casting blame or disparaging Hawaiian officials. We simply need to identify the problems in order to fix them -- not just in Hawaii, but anywhere else where they may exist."
The worker would not speak to FCC officials in person and submitted the account of the incident in writing, the report noted. The man told CNN that it was three days before someone talked to him about the incident and that was when a supervisor asked him to write a statement.
He said he then missed more than a week of work due to stress-related illness after learning death threats had been made against him to agency officials. He said he saw a doctor for sleep issues. He also had his hearing tested (no issues there, he said).
Green said his client got stuck in the middle of an unprepared department and urged others to check with their state agencies to make sure they have a proper process in place.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Chicago Cubs have their closer, but rest of bullpen will continue evolving
hello
Any discussion of a baseball team's bullpen should always begin with this disclaimer: Bullpens are the most fickle and finicky part of any team, and the bullpen a team has to begin the season is never the one it has to end the season.
So now we can move forward in talking about the Cubs' relief corps -- or at least as it stands now.
The biggest move of the off-season was the signing of Brandon Morrow to a free-agent contract. Morrow will serve as the team's closer, replacing Wade Davis, who took his steady presence to the Colorado Rockies.
The Cubs have had remarkable stability at the closer's spot over the past few years. Hector Rondon did steady work until losing the job to Aroldis Chapman in the middle of the 2016 season. Rondon, who signed with Houston after not being tendered a contract, ranks sixth on Cubs' all-time saves with 77.
Davis provided a calm presence last year in his only season with the Cubs, saving 32 games in 33 opportunities.
For his career, Morrow has only 18 saves, but high-leverage situations are not new to him. After all, he appeared in 14 games for the Dodgers last postseason, including all seven World Series games. During the 2017 regular season, Morrow was 6-0 with a 2.06 ERA and a WHIP of 0.92.
"I was really very comfortable coming out of the bullpen last year," he told cubs.com. "Obviously, to get all the experience in the pressure innings in the playoffs, which I hadn't been in before, and pitching innings that mattered (helped)."
The Cubs recently released right-hander Justin Grimm, who has signed with the Kansas City Royals. That opens a possible spot, depending on whether they go with a 12-man or a 13-man pitching staff.
The right-handed setup men are holdovers Carl Edwards Jr., Pedro Strop and sidearmer Steve Cishek, who was signed in the off-season. Strop has been slowed by a calf injury and illness during spring training, but he is expected to be ready by Opening Day. It is possible that righty Eddie Butler, who made 11 starts in 13 games last year for the Cubs, could win a bullpen job.
The lefties include swing man Mike Montgomery, Brian Duensing and Justin Wilson. After a bad first month last year, Duensing went on to have a solid season for the Cubs, and he re-signed in the off-season.
The Cubs were expecting big things from Wilson after obtaining him from Detroit in a July 31 trade last year, but he struggled with his new team, going 1-0 with a 5.09 ERA and a WHIP of 2.09. Both Wilson and the Cubs are hopeful a reset will help.
From Day 1 of the off-season, Cubs president Theo Epstein has talked of need to throw more strikes out of the bullpen. Last year, Cubs relievers waked 264 batters in 559 innings, contributing to a WHIP of 1.30 for the pen.
"We were 30th out of 30 (last) year in walk rate, the only team over 10 percent unintentional walk rate, and that's not acceptable," Epstein said at the time. "None of us feel good about that. We managed to have the third-lowest bullpen ERA in the National League, but we did it in a way we're not really comfortable getting there. We have to get better. We have to throw more strikes.
"We didn't peak at the right time: October. We kind of peaked in September, the last three weeks of the regular season. Our pen was a huge factor in that pennant push. Our pen in the last three weeks of the season was really lights-out and helped get us there. But we didn't deliver in October, including some guys who are going to be big parts of our future and we really believe in. So we just have to figure out a way to help develop those guys and get them more consistent and throw more strikes across the board in the bullpen."
• Twitter: @BruceMiles2112
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
eSight Affordability Program launched to assist the legally blind to locate funding for eSight 3 regardless of their ability to pay
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - eSight Corporation, the world-leader in the development of electronic glasses that enable the legally blind to actually see, is pleased to announce the launch of eSight 3.
eSight 3 sets the gold standard for the most sophisticated low vision glasses of its kind anywhere in the world, enabling the legally blind to actually see, be mobile and independently carry out virtually all Activities of Daily Living.
eSight 3 is an engineering breakthrough that allows the legally blind to actually see in the same manner that sighted people see. With eSight 3, those who are legally blind or who are living with low vision can now experience a dramatically improved quality of life, and can independently engage in many professional, academic, or personal activities the way the sighted can. Significantly, eSight 3 is an all-in-one, wearable, hands-free solution that provides sight without the need for any surgery.
Dr. Brian Mech, PhD, President and CEO of eSight, said:
"eSight 3 is a game-changer for the legally blind. My entire career has been spent engineering sight-enabling technologies, so I can say with some authority that eSight's world-class lab is the largest and best engineering team, anywhere in the world, that specializes exclusively in developing medical devices that allow the legally blind to actually see and be mobile."
Dr. Robert Devenyi, MD, Chief Ophthalmologist at Toronto's University Health Network, said:
"One of the many ingenious features of eSight 3 is that it simultaneously increases the central field of view of sight while preserving full access to peripheral vision, providing the best of both worlds: unprecedented mobility and high-acuity central vision."
Ms. Yvonne Felix, one of eSight's earliest users, said:
"I was diagnosed with Stargardt Disease after being hit by a car at the age of seven. For over 25 years, I lived without any useful sight. I will never forget the day I tried an early prototype of eSight three years ago. That was the first time I saw my husband and two sons."
"eSight has literally transformed my life. I can now independently do virtually all Activities of Daily Living (ADLs). In addition to taking care of my family, I work fulltime, independently doing all of the things most people take for granted -- commuting on a train, flying on planes, attending conferences, leading meetings, and giving speeches. I even compete in golf tournaments. I no longer receive government disability payments. Instead, I proudly pay taxes."
"eSight 3 is a quantum leap forward, even from the previous version of the technology that transformed my life 3 years ago. eSight 3 not only provides me with dramatically improved sight, it is much smaller, lighter, cooler looking and very comfortable to wear. I can wear it all day. I can even use its Wi-Fi and HDMI capabilities to stream digital content, or send pictures and videos. I simply cannot imagine my life without eSight 3."
"My story is not unique -- you can see hundreds of stories about how eSight has transformed the lives of the legally blind by visiting eSight's website, mainstream social media and traditional media websites."
eSight 3 is more affordable than ever before. In addition to a reduction in price, eSight is excited to announce the launch of its new Affordability Program which will help the legally blind to identify funding for eSight regardless of their ability to pay.
Ms. Felix continued:
"With an unemployment rate of 70% for legally blind individuals, eSight is financially out of reach for far too many. That is why I am so very proud of eSight for making the device much less expensive, and for launching an Affordability Program to help the legally blind identify funding for eSight 3, including: discounts for clinical study participation for those who may qualify, low or no-interest payment plans, tax credits, government support programs, corporate job placements, philanthropic donations and crowdsourcing fundraising."
"One day, society will recognize the economic justification and social justice of providing a medical device like eSight 3 to the legally blind, at no cost to them. Until then, eSight's Affordability Program will do its best to ensure that legally blind and low vision users can obtain the device, regardless of their ability to pay."
eSight 3 is available today. For more information on how it can benefit you or someone you know, please contact an eSight Vision Advocate by calling 1-855-8eSight (1-855-837-4448), by emailing VisionAdvocate@eSightEyewear.com or by visiting www.eSightEyewear.com.
About eSight:
eSight was founded in 2006 for the sole purpose of allowing legally blind and low vision people to see. eSight is an ISO-9001:2015 certified manufacturer, with locations in Los Angeles, Toronto, Ottawa, and a network of affiliates across the United States. This unique patented assistive device enables people with vision loss to actually see and independently carry out virtually all Activities of Daily Living. eSight can help a worldwide population of several hundred million people with conditions including, but not limited to, Macular Degeneration, Diabetic Retinopathy, Stargardt Disease, Ocular Albinism, Optic Nerve Hypoplasia, Leber's Hereditary Optic Neuropathy, Cone-Rod Dystrophy, Nystagmus, Retinopathy of Prematurity, and some forms of Glaucoma and Retinitis Pigmentosa. eSight is registered with the FDA and Health Canada.
To learn more about eSight, visit www.eSightEyewear.com or call 1-855-837-4448.
The toilets of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, are finally safe.
Sheboygan police arrested a 33-year-old man Monday on suspicion that he's the vandal who spent the past two years clogging a public toilet more than two dozen times. Repairing clog after clog has drained thousands in taxpayer funds from the city, which is perched on Lake Michigan north of Milwaukee. Police have not named the suspect.
The Memorial Day arrest came following a tip from a citizen, police said.
The villain's clogging tool was an unconventional one, according to police. He would take a 20-ounce soda bottle and jam it into a women's toilet at the Deland Community Center in the city. Once he'd lodged a bottle deep in the pipes, the vandal would run off — leaving behind a messy surprise for the city to clean up.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In March, the city got desperate enough that police issued a plea for help on Facebook.
“This is very strange … and gross, but that is the reality of life,” the city's police department wrote at the time, begging for leads or tips.
Police said in March that surveillance cameras suggested a man was to blame. Commenters on Facebook said the city should have installed cameras years ago to catch the culprit and avoid paying to clean up after him.
As of March, the serial clogger had struck three times just this year, according to Joe Kerlin, the city's parks and forestry superintendent. But the clogger had been even busier in past years, Kerlin told the Sheboygan Press — blocking the same public women's toilet 14 times in 2017, and 12 the year before.
That substantial tally (29 cloggings — but who's counting?) only includes incidents since the city began keeping track, Kerlin told the newspaper. And it wasn't until halfway into 2016 it dawned on authorities that a serial clogger was on the loose. Kerlin estimated that the city has spent between $2,000 and $3,000 dealing with the clogger's reign of terror.
“A lot of times we can just fish 'em out,” Kerlin told the newspaper, describing the best case scenario. Especially obstinate bottles mean plumbers have to remove the entire toilet.
The case has been passed off to the Sheboygan County District Attorney's Office for charges to be filed, WBAY reports.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ross McCormack got off to a winning start in his first game for Melbourne City.
The on-loan Villa striker played for 82 minutes, in what was his first competitive start for seven months, and helped create the second goal.
A double from Bruce Kamau saw off Brisbane Roar in the A-League season opener and gave McCormack, who wore his famous No.44 shirt, a morale-boosting lift on his debut Down Under.
McCormack left Villa last week to spend the season on loan in Australia after falling down the pecking order in the Midlands.
This week he said how he hopes to reignite his career during this stint away and added:
“I'm not the kind of guy who wants to basically collect money and do nothing.
“I've always said I wanted to come to Australia or the MLS to play and I think it's actually a blessing in disguise that it's come this early, not when you're coming to the end and you can't make an impact.
“It's [time at Villa] been a disaster.
“There's no two ways about it. I scored four goals and played something like 25 games.
“If you look at the five years before that I was averaging over 50 games a season and probably over 20 goals.
“I think most players have a dip in their careers, hopefully that was mine.”
Now 31, the attacker still has two years left to run on his Villa contract and will have to make an impact if he's to be given another chance by Steve Bruce.
“I'm not a silly little boy now, I know there's a bit to prove,” McCormack continued.
“And I know what people will be thinking, because I've read it on my social media, that ‘his attitude isn't great'.
“But I was club captain at Leeds, club captain at Fulham. If you've got a bad attitude you're not getting those honours.
“So my message is that I'm here to do things right.
“I'm here to enjoy the experience, sure, but ... you've got to be successful to enjoy it.”
McCormack fell out with Bruce last season but the manager wished him well on his journey.
“He needs to be playing games so hopefully he goes there and gets to required level.”
By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay-Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you've never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project he calls Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay-Z's musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé's killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay's tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation' over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.
PHILADELPHIA -- Soon, the news that Philadelphia sports fans and the NFL has been awaiting will be delivered.
One day after Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz suffered a knee injury in a 43-35 win over the Los Angeles Rams, head coach Doug Pederson is expected to to provide an update.
Wentz is expected to have an MRI on his left knee in Philadelphia on Monday, and Pederson should have the results to share during his press conference.
What QBs could Eagles sign to backup Foles?
Make sure to keep it locked on this page a little before noon on Monday for all of the latest. Reporters Eliot Shorr-Parks and Matt Lombardo will have up-to-the-second updates on Wentz and his injured knee in the Twitter feed below:
Tweets about #eagles AND From:@EliotShorrParks OR From:@Rapsheet OR From:@JClarkNBCS OR From:@eagles OR From:@MattLombardoPHL OR From:@rosenstein73
Below are more stories from our coverage of the Eagles' big win, and the potentially big injury to Wentz:
Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @EliotShorrParks. Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook.
MILAN (AP) — An Italian gunman with extreme right-wing sympathies shot and wounded six African immigrants Saturday in a two-hour drive-by shooting spree, authorities said, terrorizing a small Italian city where a Nigerian man had been arrested days earlier in a teenager's gruesome killing.
Police photos showed the shooting suspect with a neo-Nazi tattoo prominently on his forehead as he sat in custody and an Italian flag tied around his neck as he was arrested in the central Italian city of Macerata,. Authorities identified him as Luca Traini, a 28-year-old Italian with no previous record.
Traini had run for town council on the anti-migrant Northern League's list in a local election last year in Corridonia, the party confirmed, but its mayoral candidate lost the race. The news agency ANSA quoted friends of his as saying that Traini had previously been affiliated with Italian extremist parties like the neo-fascist Forza Nuova and CasaPound.
The shooting spree came days after the slaying of 18-year-old Pamela Mastropietro and amid a heated electoral campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner sentiment has become a key theme. Italy has struggled with the arrival of hundreds of thousands of migrants in the last few years coming across the Mediterranean Sea in smugglers' boats.
After the attack, Premier Paolo Gentiloni warned in Rome that “the state will be particularly severe against whoever thinks of feeding the spiral of violence.”
In Macerata, Interior Minister Marco Minniti said the gunman had been motivated “by racial hatred,” and had “a background of right-wing extremism with clear references to fascism and Nazism.”
“What happened appears to be a completely random armed retaliation raid,” Minniti said, adding that evidence indicated that while the gunman had planned the attack, he had acted alone. “In a democracy, it is not permitted for individuals to seek justice alone, even if in this case, there is nothing that recalls a notion of justice.”
Authorities said the six wounded — five men and one woman — appeared to be random targets in various parts of the city of 43,000 in Italy's central Marche region. Italian news reports indicated that the gunman's trajectory included the area where the Italian murder victim was found and where the prime suspect in her slaying lived.
The identities and nationalities of the shooting victims remained unknown. Hospital officials said late Saturday that one had been treated and released, while the others had either undergone surgery or were facing operations for their injuries. One of them remained in intensive care.
As the violent attack unfolded, police told residents to stay inside and ordered a halt to public transport to limit the casualties. Such violent shootings are rare in Italy, and usually associated with the southern Italian mafia.
A video posted by the il Resto di Carlino newspaper showed the suspect with an Italian flag draped over his shoulders being arrested by armed Carabinieri officers in the city center, near where he apparently fled his car on foot. Italian news reports said a registered gun was found inside the car and the suspect did a fascist salute as he was arrested, but no salute was visible in the video.
The tattoo on Traini's forehead was that of the Wolfangel, an ancient runic symbol that according to the Anti-Defamation League was appropriated by Nazi Germany and later adopted by neo-Nazis in Europe and the United States.
Macerata Mayor Romano Carancini confirmed that all six victims were black Africans.
“They were all color, this is obviously a grave fact. As was grave what happened to Pamela. The closeness of the two events makes you imagine there could be a connection,” Carancini said.
Mastropietro's dismembered remains were found Wednesday in two suitcases two days after she walked away from a drug rehab community. A judge on Saturday confirmed the arrest of the main suspect, identified as 29-year-old Innocent Oseghale.
Italy is heading into a general election on March 4 and the head of the rebranded League party, Matteo Salvini, had capitalized on the teen's killing in campaign appearances even before the shooting Saturday.
Salvini is pledging to deport 150,000 migrants in his first year in office if his party wins control of parliament and he is named premier. That has drawn sharp rebukes that Salvini is using the migrant crisis to foment xenophobia for political gain.
Salvini's League, which dropped “northern” from its name in a bid for a national following, has joined a center-right coalition with Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia and Giorgia Meloni's much smaller Brothers of Italy. They are running against Matteo Renzi's much-splintered center-left Democratic Party and the populist 5-Star Movement.
Salvini told reporters Saturday at a campaign stop in Bologna that he would bring security to Italy.
“Whoever shoots is a delinquent, no matter the skin color. It is clear that out-of-control immigration … brings social conflict,” he said.
Senate president Pietro Grasso of the small liberal party Free and Equal chastised Salvini for using the tragedies to gain votes.
“Whoever, like Salvini, exploits news events and tragedies for electoral purposes is among those responsible for the spiral of hatred and violence that we must stop as soon as possible,” Grasso said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom were dealt a significant blow in their hopes of survival as they slipped to a 3-2 defeat at home to relegation rivals Southampton.
Albion took the lead in the opening minutes, when Ahmed Hegazi powered a header past Alex McCarthy, but the Saints turned the game on its head before the break when Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens struck.
James Ward-Prowse sealed the win, before Salomon Rondon pulled one back, and Albion now face an uphill battle to find three sides to finish below them in the table.
What can we take away from the afternoon at The Hawthorns?
Top class
The team may be struggling, but the club as a whole can beam with pride for how they paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis.
Everything about the afternoon, between the hours of 1pm and 3pm, was conducted in a truly classy and tasteful manner.
From the excellent match-day programme, to the yellow and green clappers, the video and audio on the screens, the ex-players and legends of the club and, of course, Cyrille's family - it all made for a very emotional and fitting occasion.
It's the kind of manner that draws praise from neutrals - but it's also important to credit the travelling Southampton contingent, who partook in the scarf raising.
Injuries telling
Okay, so we'd rather not blame extenuating circumstances, Pardew least of all.
It must be said, though, that these injuries are not helping matters. They're not first-teamers that Albion can really do without.
Seven senior members of the squad were out here; Hal Robson-Kanu, James Morrison, Kieran Gibbs, Jake Livermore, Nacer Chadli, Jonny Evans and Grzegorz Krychowiak.
That's a hell of a lot of talent and experience and it was sorely missed today - Albion looked creaky at the back, overrun in midfield and by the end, just desperate in attack.
Opportunity missed
In this run of six very winnable home matches in the Premier League, this was fixture number two.
Albion defeated Brighton in the first game - start as you mean to go on, and all that.
But Albion didn't go on in the same manner; having beaten Liverpool in the FA Cup, you sensed the tide might be turning.
A goal up and a fully charged Hawthorns behind them, they conspired to throw the game away.
Match number three? Huddersfield. Another crucial encounter against a side who now join Albion in the relegation zone.
Then come Swansea, Burnley and Leicester - and you sense that the Baggies need to be taking in the region of 12 points from those fixtures to stand any chance of survival.
It's still so tight
It's a crushing, demoralising blow. And yet, even though they've now won one of their last 24 games in the league, Albion aren't exactly cut adrift.
This probably says more about the quality of the division as a whole, because as it stands, three points separate Watford in eleventh and Huddersfield in 19th. Then there's Albion.
They need to buck their ideas up - make no mistake. They daren't drop points in the coming games against Huddersfield and Swansea.
Yet while 17th place remains within reach, the players and Pardew know they're only a couple of results away from changing the landscape.
A new face
Kyle Jameson is not a name that many West Brom fans will recognise - but he made his first appearance in a match-day squad today.
Alan Pardew hasn't been afraid to include a number of teenagers on his bench since arriving, and Jameson is the latest.
Hamstrung by injuries to senior players, Pardew was forced to name a youthful bench indeed - Rekeem Harper, Sam Field and Oliver Burke brought the average age down, it's fair to say!
Jameson was snapped up on deadline day in the summer from Chelsea.
He is a centre-back who turned 19 in September.
Two male patients with unknown injuries are being treated as Austin Police urge residents to avoid the area.
APD responding to Bomb Hotshot call in the 4800 block of Dawn Song Dr. Two male patients transported with unknown injuries. Please avoid the area. Media staging area is 4635 SW Pkwy, corner of SW Pkwy and Boston Ln. APD PIO — Austin Police Dept (@Austin_Police) March 19, 2018
According to NBC 5 in Austin, the injuries suffered by the male victims are serious but not life-threatening.
The bomb was reportedly triggered in a backpack, which has been cleared from the side of the road.
Initially believed to be 2 explosions, now is only 1 confirmed explosion on SW Austin.
2 male victims in their 20s w/serious, but not expected to be life-threatening injuries. https://t.co/bB9gMkAw8s — Maria Guerrero (@Maria_NBC5) March 19, 2018
Information on the victims has not yet been released.
Media has been ordered to leave the scene.
Local resident are being told to stay in their houses until agents knock on their door; they may not be done until 10 AM.
For more information on the trend of bombings in Austin, Texas, which so far have only targeted people of color, hit page two.
All The Victims Of The #AustinBombings Were People Of Color: https://t.co/4iJ3eADwjo — Global Grind (@GlobalGrind) March 19, 2018
1 2Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Here's what to watch, stream and procrastinate with this weekend.
“Blade Runner 2049” (in theaters Oct. 6)
The nearly three-hour runtime is not for the faint of heart, nor for those immune to the charms (and meme potential) of Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford. But if you can sit through “Titanic,” you can weather “Blade Runner 2049,” and probably enjoy it, too. Recently-released films like “Cars 3” and “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales” have given sequels a bad rap, but “2049,” whose release marks 35 years since the original “Blade Runner,” is poised to overcome this.
“Once Upon a Time” season 7 (ABC, Oct. 6)
Most “Once Upon a Time” fans can pinpoint the heartbreaking moment at which they decided the show was too convoluted to continue (mine was when the Wicked Witch of the West impregnated herself with Robin Hood's baby). It seems almost every Storybrooke standby came to similar a conclusion last season, as Jennifer Morrison, Ginnifer Goodwin, Josh Dallas and pretty much everyone you liked besides Lana Parrilla and Colin O'Donoghue jumped ship. But for those still watching, “Once” is back, and Henry's a grown-up Uber driver. Probably pays better than being Geppetto's assistant or a dalmatian dog walker.
“The Mountain Between Us” (in theaters Oct. 6)
Think “Hatchet,” but on a mountain, in the snow, with Idris Elba and Kate Winslet. Whether or not their chemistry and untouchable talent can hold up this seemingly run-of-the-mill survival story is up to you, but it might be worth finding out.
“90 Day Fiancé” season 5 (TLC, Oct. 8)
To say TLC has produced some questionable reality shows in the past is an understatement. “90 Day Fiancé” is no exception, but it is my favorite, does not exploit children (on the pageant circuit or otherwise) and brings unprecedented drama while following a handful of couples likely falling into green-card marriages. Somehow, Nicole and Azan's relationship did not disintegrate between seasons, and they're back — last time we watched her learn what her fiancé's home country of Morocco was, and this season, we get to see him tested as a parent. Amen.
daviskn3@miamioh.edu
@kirbdavis
Comments
A crowd gathers in celebration at the Oceti Sakowin camp after it was announced that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers won't grant easement for the Dakota Access oil pipeline in cannonball, N.D., Sunday, Dec. 4, 2016. (AP Photo/David Goldman)
A crowd gathers in celebration at the Oceti Sakowin camp after it was announced that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers won't grant easement for the Dakota Access oil pipeline in cannonball, N.D., Sunday, Dec. 4, 2016. (AP Photo/David Goldman) David Goldman
IN A nod to the region's reputation for active political dissent regarding rainforest protection and anti-CSG protests, the Lismore Regional Gallery is showcasing the work of Angus Mordant.
Angus Mordant is and Australian-born New York-based photojournalist who recently centred a major body of work on the protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline, documenting the Standing Rock Sioux in moments of conflict and solidarity in their ongoing fight against the pipeline
An exhibition documenting the Standing Rock protests will be opened on Friday by Dr. Shawn Wilson, Director of Research at Gnibi College of Indigenous Australian Peoples, Southern Cross University and member of the Opaskwayak Cree nation, Canada.
The Dakota Access Pipeline, a 1,172-mile underground pipeline built to transport crude oil from the Bakken region in North Dakota to an oil tank farm in Patoka, Illinois, became a topic of protest in 2016. It cuts through contested Sioux.
The Oceti Sakowin has become the hub of protest actions against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Angus Mordant's photographs show not only the tension and violence that has resulted from these protests, but also the rich culture and moments of celebration among the Native American people as they come together to protect their land.
Artist in Conversation Thursday, June 7, 11am and the exhibition continues to July 22, 2018.
Lismore artist, Trinity Leonard has won the The Border Art Prize 2018 for an oil on canvas work, Hannah at the Tweed Regional Gallery.
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — Love was in the air tonight as hundreds of people were out and about celebrating Valentine's Day with their significant other.
While many went to dinner and a movie, or out for ice cream, some couples took a romantic carriage ride throughout Historic Downtown Wilmington.
The rides were by reservation only taking couples to parts of Wilmington they might not otherwise get the chance to see. The 25 minute adventure was complete with flowers, chocolate and heated blankets.
It was a night on the town couples like Chris and Shannon Jones traveled from Jacksonville to experience.
“Last month he took me to New York City for our anniversary actually. So we went to Central Park and had a horse and carriage ride there. So we're doing it here now,” Shannon Jones said.
As for Springbrook Farms Carriages owner, John Pucci, making memories is what the night is all about.
“The memories that we create. The people that have never done these things before. And they go away always remembering it so that's the fun part for us,” Pucci said.
A night full of love, fun, and romance that' is what the company hopes to provide for couples on Valentine's Day. It is a tradition they have been doing for years.
As for their horses, all 18 of them that provide tours in Downtown Wilmington are rescue horses.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Alabama coach Avery Johnson had a “conversation” at halftime with his team, a “great talk” about reducing turnovers and making better decisions.
His message was loud and clear. It was well-received, too.
Collin Sexton scored 17 points, Donta Hall notched his fourth double-double of the season, and Alabama rallied from a 10-point deficit to thump No. 23 Florida 68-50 Saturday.
Sexton added eight rebounds and six assists for the Crimson Tide (15-8, 6-4 Southeastern Conference), which dominated the second half and improved to 2-4 on the road.
“We basically looked like we had never practiced before in our lives offensively in the first half, throwing the ball all over the gym, too many turnovers,” Johnson said, noting his team's 14 turnovers in the first 20 minutes.
Johnson ripped into his players in the locker room, and they responded in resounding fashion. The Tide scored the first eight points of the second half and later used a 15-2 run to open up a double-digit lead.
Alabama dominated Florida (15-8, 6-4) in the paint, on the glass and up and down the floor. The Tide outscored the Gators 41-17 in the second half, finishing with a 43-25 rebounding advantage and outscoring them 46-26 in the paint and 29-1 off the bench.
“The halftime talk was a great talk,” Hall said. “We came out with a better mindset, more focus. … Crashing the boards, getting easy looks, finding the open man.”
Sexton did the most damage, dribbling through Florida's defense and creating open layups and dunks.
Hall was one of the beneficiaries. He made all seven shots and finished with 14 points and 11 boards. Fellow forward Braxton Key chipped in 13 points on 5-of-7 shooting.
“The defensive performance we gave in the second half was discouraging to say the least,” Florida coach Mike White said.
The Gators had no answer for Alabama's speed at guard and athleticism in the paint.
They lost their third consecutive SEC game, the first time that's happened since the end of White's first season in 2016, and surely won't be ranked Monday.
“If we don't make wholesale changes, we're going to continue to have peaks and valleys,” White said. “We'll continue to be average.”
KeVaughn Allen led the Gators with 16 points. Keith Stone had 12, and Egor Koulechov added 11.
“It's pretty frustrating because I know that the players are mad, I know that the coaches are mad, I know that the fans are mad,” Stone said. “So we've just got to turn around and do better.”
BIG PICTURE
Alabama: The Tide gained some much-needed confidence on the road. Alabama had lost three of four away from home in league play, and since Johnson's team plays three of its next four on the road — tough games at Mississippi State, Kentucky and Auburn — winning at Florida could prove to be a turning point for a late-season surge.
“How are we going to handle this perceived prosperity?” Johnson said. “What's going to happen in the next 48 hours before we go to Mississippi State? Are we going to believe the hype that we've arrived or are we going to keep our heads down and just be focused? Trying to instill that in 18- and 19-year-old guys, it's not an excuse, it's a challenge sometimes. But we love the challenge.”
Florida: The Gators have little, if any, inside presence and might not have any this season. Injured center John Egbunu had a setback while recovering from knee surgery, and there's no timetable for his return.
WARM RECEPTION
Florida recognized longtime Billy Donovan assistant John Pelphrey during an early timeout. Fans gave the former Florida assistant a warm reception. Pelphrey spent a decade at Florida, working under Donovan for two stints (1996-2002, 2011-15). Pelphrey was making his first trip to Gainesville since joining Johnson's staff at Alabama in 2016.
UP NEXT
Alabama: Plays at Mississippi State on Tuesday.
Florida: Hosts LSU on Wednesday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Follow @insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur winger Erik Lamela has expressed his delight at being able to get back on to the pitch after such a long time to show to the fans what he can do.
The 25-year-old came on as a second half substitute in Tottenham's 5-1 crushing of Stoke City on Saturday, in what was his first home game since returning to action after almost a year out.
The Argentine was welcomed by a roaring Wembley, much to the delight of the player concerned, who insists that it was a moment to savour.
Reflecting on his time out of action, Lamela insisted that he put in a lot of hard work into his recovery to make sure that he returned to action fit and well.
“It was worth it [the hard work to return to fitness] for that”, Lamela told his club's official website.
“It was amazing because I worked really hard and during the time that I was injured I suffered a lot, especially mentally.
"It was really hard to be injured for a long time because I love to play football and I enjoy when I play so to feel the reaction from the home fans was amazing.
“It was very good to go on the pitch and feel the reaction from all the people and after that I wanted to show them something on the pitch like always, giving my best.”
The former AS Roma man managed 14 appearances for the Lilywhites last season before he picked up the hip injury in October and had to undergo extensive rehabilitation.
His first match back in action was against Leicester City as a late second half substitute on 28th November.
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns Pause
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
Welcome to the Birmingham Mail daily news live blog, bringing you all the latest news, sport, travel and weather from around Birmingham and the West Midlands every day.
Among our headlines this Friday:
Commonwealth Games bid ‘not fully compliant' - Birmingham's Commonwealth Games hopes have been thrown into jeopardy after the city's bid for the 2022 event was labelled ‘not fully compliant'.
CCTV shows man shot in car - Police have released footage of the horrifying moment a gunman tried to murder a man in his car - shooting him point blank in the chest.
Care home boss blew resident's money on bingo - A gambling care home manager plundered £100,000 from a frail 97-year-old resident's account before before blowing it in bingo halls.
Crash causes rush hour chaos - Drivers and bus passengers were facing delays this morning after a crash left Kings Heath at a “standstill”.
Stay tuned for all the latest updates below:
If you've spotted anything in your area, you can get in touch with us by email at newsdesk@birminghammail.co.uk or call 0121 234 5430. You can also reach us on our Facebook page or via Twitter @birminghammail .
FILE - In this Sept. 12, 2015 file photo, East Carolina head coach Ruffin McNeill motions to his players during the second half of an NCAA college football game against Florida, in Gainesville, Fla. McNeill no longer commands the corner office where the head coach can wow recruits and their parents with polished wood paneling decor, highlight films playing on a big screen and other signs of the trappings of playing football at his university. That seems OK with the former East Carolina coach. (AP Photo/John Raoux, File)
Former Texas Tech assistant and interim coach Ruffin McNeill will become the Sooners' new assistant head coach and defensive tackles coach, the team announced.
Sooner Nation welcome home Coach Ruffin McNeill! So proud to have this great man as a part of our staff #OUDNA #ChampU pic.twitter.com/ta3uMNyH8E
McNeill is a familiar face for Riley. As East Carolina head coach, McNeill was the boss of then-offensive coordinator Riley from 2010-2014.
"Personally, I have a great history with him from our time together at Texas Tech and East Carolina," Riley said in an OU statement. "We're getting an extremely high-quality person and coach. Our team and fans will love the personality and energy he'll bring to our program.
"Ruffin possesses a distinguished record defensively, and I'm excited to see him work alongside defensive coordinator Mike Stoops and the rest of our staff on that side of the ball. I view the defensive line as one of the most important -- if not the most important -- position groups on the field, and he'll be a big benefit to our student-athletes and to our program as a whole."
McNeill was fired from ECU after a 5-7 run in 2015. He was 42-34 overall with the Pirates. McNeill served as Virginia's assistant head coach and defensive line coach last season.
McNeill's first opportunities in the Power Five came with Texas Tech, coaching various positions on special teams and defense before being named an assistant head coach and later defensive coordinator.
He served as the Red Raiders' interim coach for the 2010 Alamo Bowl victory while coach Mike Leach served a suspension.
Riley took over for Bob Stoops, who announced his retirement last week after 18 seasons leading the Sooners.
May 9, 2018; Dallas, TX, USA; The North Texas Rayados celebrate their opening goal of its first round matchup against the Forth Worth Vaqueros in the 2018 Lamar Hunt U.S Open Cup
Next Wednesday, local side NTX Rayados have a Lamar Hunt US Open Cup fourth-round tie away to the Houston Dynamo. As Christos FC found out in last year's third round, the costs of an away draw can be problematic for an amateur team. The Maryland-based outfit crowd-sourced funding for their game with Chicago FC United, which they went on to win, before facing DC United.
Since then, US Soccer has made tweaks to the tournament rules in order to help amateur sides cover costs, but these can only go so far in that someone still needs to pay up front.
In the case of the Rayados, they've already had to foot bills for traveling to Kyle and Austin, as well as renting stadiums for the four rounds they already played. The upcoming trip to Houston is another bus and 20 hotel rooms for a team of players who pay their own fees, and staff who give their time for the love of the game. A true amateur team.
Along the way, they have attracted a great deal of local attention with FC Dallas fans following the team's fortunes over at Richland College's "The Cage". With Rayados facing FC Dallas' rivals, fans are now stepping up to help. What a wonderful PR opportunity that would have been for FC Dallas if they had stepped in and helped a Dallas side against their biggest rivals!
Tomorrow night, Peticolas Brewing Co. will donate 10% of their profits to the NTX Rayados. Headed by soccer fan, Michael Peticolas, the brewery that has produced several soccer-themed beers will be open from 4-10 PM with the Rayados team dropping by from 7-9 PM to meet with supporters. This event is being held in conjunction with FC Dallas supporters' group, the Dallas Beer Guardians.
In this picture taken on Tuesday, July 3, 2018 French President Emmanuel Macron, left, performs with a drum at the New Afrika Shrine in Lagos, Nigeria. Macron has arrived in Nigeria in his latest attempt to forge closer ties with English-speaking Africa. Pool Photo via AP Ludovic Marin
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Tech's latest innovations struggle to live up to the hype
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe starts on the bench as Wolves take on Sheffield United at Molineux today.
The 24-year-old signed on loan from Bournemouth on transfer deadline day but will have to watch on from the sidelines as Nuno Espirito Santo sticks with the same team that win last week at Ipswich.
It means that Diogo Jota, Ivan Cavaleiro and Helder Costa start up top with Alfred N'Diaye keeping his place in midfield.
Wolves have a very attack-minded bench with Leo Bonatini and Bright Enobakhare joining Afobe in the squad.
However, there is no place for Rafa Mir.
CONFIRMED LINE-UP:
Ruddy, Boly, Coady, Bennett, Doherty, Neves, N'Diaye, Douglas, Jota, Cavaleiro, Costa. Subs: Norris, Batth, Hause, Bonatini, Enobakhare, Afobe.
Sheffield United beat Wolves at Bramall Lane earlier in the season and Nuno is well aware of their qualities.
But he insists the last meeting between the two teams will have no relevance on today's outcome.
“We don't base the game on the last game we had together,” he said.
“We look at Sheffield United as a good team, a team that is tough and plays a system of 3-5-2.
“We have to be ready for it, but it has nothing to do with the last game, everybody knows what happened but it was a long time ago, change has happened on both teams.
“What we really want and will have is a Molineux supporting the team and we want to give back what we could not achieve in the last game.”
Tears of joy
Benik Afobe admits he cried with happiness when he was told that, with just twenty minutes remaining of the transfer window, his move back to Wolves was back on.
Many a Wanderers fan would have woken up to the news that Afobe had arrived back at Molineux, such was the lateness of the loan agreement.
Having left the old gold club two years ago for Bournemouth, the striker was finally given the green light by Eddie Howe to return for the remainder of the season.
The drama of deadline day provided plenty of worriment for Afobe, who revealed that he actually shed tears of relief when given the nod.
Wolves vs Sheffield United: TV details, team news, predicted XIs, boss thoughts, betting odds
“I was on, then off, then on, then off, then on again with 20 minutes to go, so it was stressful,” he told BBC WM.
“I've had two serious career-threatening injuries in football before, but that six hours was probably the most difficult of my life because that's how much I wanted to come back to Wolves.
“I think I've played one 90 minutes this season in the Premier League, so it's been tough for me mentally but I've got good people around me and for me to have come back here it meant a lot.
“I was in my car crying when they told me the deal was on with 20 minutes to go because I knew there was no going back now in the sense of them cancelling or the deal not being on again.”
No deal
Wolverhampton Wanderers chose to pull the plug on negotiations regarding a deal for Felix Beijmo, it is being reported in Sweden.
The full-back, who turned on deadline day itself, plays for Djurgardens in the top tier of Swedish football and attracted interest from Germany in the transfer window, too.
He played 26 times in the Swedish Allsvenskan season last year, scoring twice.
Beijmo cost Djurgardens Just under £450,000 last season when they snapped him up from second tier champions Brommapojkarna and is considered to be one of the brightest emerging talents in his position in Sweden.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wanderers, who brought in Ben Stevenson, Benik Afobe and Rafa Mir to strengthen their forward line significantly in January, also confirmed the permanent capture of Diogo Jota from Atletico Madrid.
They also trimmed their squad, with Ben Marshall and Lee Evans leaving on loan.
In the current right-back role that Beijmo occupies, Nuno Espirito Santo has regular Matt Doherty while Dominic Iorfa remains out on loan at Ipswich.
But reports in Sweden suggest that they came close to agreeing a move for Beijmo, only to decide against the transfer late in the window.
The Indomitable Youth Ambassadors in Delta (IYAD), has joined Deltans to felicitate with Governor Ifeanyi Okowa to mark his third year in Office.
During the thanksgiving service organised by the State Government at the Cenotaph in Asaba, Hon Kennedy Ochei who is the founder of the group and also the Special Assistant to the Governor on Youth Mobilisation expressed his gratitude to God for giving Deltans a selfless, God fearing, and masses oriented leader like Governor Okowa.
Sighting the springing up of numerous developmental projects all across the State, Hon Ochei commended the Governor for giving the Youths of Delta State a voice by appointing several vibrant youths in his cabinet and initiating various Youth friendly programmes aimed at empowering youths irrespective of their political affiliation.
Honourable Ochei Kennedy urge Deltans to re-elecr Gov Okowa for a second term come 2019 because he is the best, tested and most credible choice to take Delta to its desired haven.
Hon Ochei used the opportunity to inform Delta Youths to watch out for some Training and Empowerment programmes which the Office of the Special Assistant on Youth Mobilisation will be spearheading.
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
Bollywood actor Fardeen Khan and his wife Natasha became proud parents for the second time on 11th August. The couple named their newborn son Azarius.
Recently, Fardeen took to his Twitter page to share the first picture of his tiny tot. Have a look at it here...
Santa Barbara Board of Trustees opts to bypass a bidding process after staff members find mold on four portable classrooms
The Santa Barbara Unified School District's Board of Trustees approved emergency funding Tuesday to remove mold at Adelante Charter School.
While replacing the exterior siding on the school's portable classrooms, district staff members found visible mold on four portables. In emergency situations, the district can bypass a bidding process to get a contract, as it did Tuesday.
The work is expected to cost more than $30,000, but facilities director David Hetyonk wasn't sure of the extent of the mold. Adelante has 13 portable classrooms, according to district records.
If necessary, students and staff can be moved to other places and cleanup work will be done on weekends, Hetyonk said.
Determining it an emergency was supported in a staff report that said, “Immediate abatement is required for the office and classrooms to protect the health and well-being of the students, staff and visitors in the rooms and to prevent the loss of an essential public service.”
An air quality study at Washington Elementary School's portable classrooms prompted the replacement of heating and cooling systems and cleanup of visible mold and water damage.
While doing that work, crews found that deep cleaning should be repeated at other Washington Elementary School portables. A bidding process was bypassed in that case, too, and the deep cleaning costs came to $8,500 per classroom from maintenance funds.
The oldest portables in the district are up to 40 years old, and they get added on to deal with increased enrollment. San Marcos High School, for example, has 20 portable classrooms and five temporary ones that were leased for overcrowding.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
PLEASANTON, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Maddie's Fund®, a national family foundation established by Dave and Cheryl Duffield to revolutionize the status and well-being of companion animals, has awarded Cat Town $162,500 to expand Cat Town Café, a cage free adoption center, in partnership between Oakland Animal Services (OAS) for cats most at risk of euthanasia, including seniors, sensitive and special needs cats. This investment will provide Cat Town the opportunity to increase capacity to create an additional, separate environment for more shy and sensitive cats.
Cat Town Café is the first cat café in the country, attracting hundreds of visitors weekly and offering a quick adoption process. The cats at the café have increased playtime and significantly higher confidence because they are frequently exposed to potential adopters. With the grant, Cat Town will be able to grow their current location into a 1,500 square foot property. The additional space will create an atmosphere for the most shy and sensitive cats to acclimate to a more social environment by providing them with private, smaller space. It will also allow cats with medical issues to be isolated, while still having the opportunity to be adopted.
"The receipt of this grant is a game changer for Cat Town and our ability to save the cats at greatest risk for euthanasia at Oakland's municipal shelter," said Ann Dunn, founder and executive director of Cat Town. "Thanks to Maddie, we are creating a model for saving cats who seem unadoptable in a stressful shelter setting, but really just need to meet potential adopters in an environment where they are more comfortable."
"Cat Town has already provided tremendous opportunities for at risk cats at OAS and we are confident that expanding their current location will only increase the number of adoptions," said Shelly Thompson, Director of Grants at Maddie's Fund. "When cats are comfortable, adopters can see them at their very best. This new location will not only place cats in a more relaxing environment, but it will also allow them to be seen at their full potential."
About Maddie's Fund
Maddie's Fund® is a family foundation created in 1994 by Workday® co-founder Dave Duffield and his wife, Cheryl, who have endowed the Foundation with more than $300 million. Since then, the Foundation has awarded more than $187.8 million in grants toward increased community lifesaving, shelter medicine education, and pet adoptions across the U.S. The Duffields named Maddie's Fund after their Miniature Schnauzer Maddie, who always made them laugh and gave them much joy. Maddie was with Dave and Cheryl from 1987 - 1997 and continues to inspire them today. Maddie's Fund is the fulfillment of a promise to an inspirational dog, investing its resources to create a no-kill nation where every dog and cat is guaranteed a healthy home or habitat. #ThanksToMaddie.
Can Hack But Not Shoot? FBI May Ease Entry for Cyber Agents Aspiring federal agents who can hack a computer with ease but can't shoot their way out of a paper bag could soon find the FBI to be more welcoming. In a series of recent speeches, FBI Director James Comey has hinted the bureau may adjust its hiring requirements to attract top-notch cyber recruits, the better to compete with private sector companies who can lure the sharpest technical minds with huge salary offers. He's floated the idea of scrapping a requirement that agents who leave the FBI but want to return after two years must re-enroll in the bureau's storied but arduous Quantico, Virginia, training academy. He's also lamented, half-jokingly, that otherwise qualified applicants may be discouraged from applying because of a fondness for marijuana. And he's suggested the FBI may need to build its own university to groom cyber talent and questioned whether every member of a cyber squad actually needs to be a gun-carrying agent. "Our minds are open to all of these things because we are seeking a talent -- talent in a pool that is increasingly small. So, you're going to see us experiment with a number of different approaches to this," Comey said last week at a gathering of the Intelligence National Security Alliance. The rethinking on recruitment comes as the FBI confronts increasingly complex cyber challenges, including crippling state-sponsored attacks, and as it's racing to develop more sophisticated techniques for combating internet-based threats. The FBI, for instance, has struggled in recent years to break into encrypted cellphones of criminal suspects and sued Apple last year after agents could not access a locked iPhone used by a mass shooter in a San Bernardino, California. Though an unidentified third-party vendor ultimately came forward with a tool to open the phone, law enforcement officials remain concerned about electronic terrorism recruitment that occurs through encrypted channels and out of sight of investigators. Even crimes that investigators have tackled for decades, like child pornography, have grown more complicated as suspects trade images through secret internet networks that shield their locations and identities. The Justice Department has been developing ways through bulk hacking to uncover the users' locations, though defendants have repeatedly -- and with some success -- challenged the use of that tactic. "The world's not coming back. The old school stuff that I did 20, 30 years ago in the State Police and the FBI, all those crimes nowadays have a major cyber component to it," said Robert Anderson, a retired FBI executive assistant director who oversaw cyber investigations. Given the increasing emphasis on computer crime, the bureau has struggled to find prospective cyber agents who check all the conventional boxes for successful agents, Comey says. "We will find people of integrity who are really smart, who know cyber -- and can't do a pushup. Or we'll find people, maybe they can do a pushup, they're smart and they can do cyber -- but they want to smoke weed on the way to the interview," the FBI director has said. Comey's floated different possible solutions, but he's returned several times to the idea of waiving the requirement that people who want to return to the FBI after two years outside the bureau re-enroll in Quantico. "Our people leave, go to the private sector, discover it's a soulless, empty way to live -- and then they realize, 'My life is empty, I need moral content in my work,'" Comey said, light-heartedly and to laughter, in a recent speech at the University of Texas at Austin. He added: "I gave the creds for the second time to a 42-year-old cyber agent, and I said, 'So, how was Quantico?' He said, 'It was a nightmare, it was a nightmare.' And so we're trying to figure out, are there ways we should approach this differently to recognize the challenge we have in attracting talent." Comey made headlines on the topic in 2014 when, in response to a question, he said that a prospective candidate who had previously smoked marijuana should go ahead and apply anyway. FBI rules disqualify applicants who have smoked marijuana within the last three years, and there's been no sign that that will change. He was chastised days later at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing by then-Sen. Jeff Sessions, now the United States attorney general and Comey's boss, about whether he understood that those comments could "be interpreted as one more example of leadership in America dismissing the seriousness of marijuana use." Comey replied that he had tried to be "both serious and funny" and was merely remarking on the FBI's challenges in developing a cyber workforce at a time when "more and more" young people were trying marijuana. He pronounced himself "absolutely dead-set against using marijuana" and noted that he had not said that he would change the FBI's policy. Anderson said, "Anything new in the government is like getting your wisdom teeth pulled out. Anything new takes a while for the culture of the FBI to adjust to it." He added, "If the strategic vision is to create a mecca for cyber, we're going to have to change." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: FBI, Government, Hackers, Cybersecurity, Cybercrime, Tech Jobs, Security
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
NEW YORK: Ethiopia's Lemi Berhanu Hayle and Atsede Baysa face daunting challenges on Monday as they seek repeat titles in the Boston Marathon.
Hayle, defending the men's crown he won last year in a time of 2hr 12min 45sec, will have to contend with eight other men who hold lifetime bests under 2:07.
That incudes the Kenyan duo of Emmanuel Mutai, who owns a personal best of 2:03:13, and Sammy Kitwara.
The Kenyan challenge also includes three-time Amsterdam champion Wilson Chebet, 2012 Boston winner Wesley Korir, and Geoffrey Kirui, who was third in Rotterdam last year.
Three fellow Ethiopians will also challenge Hayle as he bids to become the first men's repeat winner since 2008, when Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot of Kenya completed a treble.
Yemane Tsegay was third in Boston last year behind Hayle and compatriot Lelila Desisa, who is absent this time around.
Dino Sefir won last year in Barcelona and Ottawa and Sisay Lemma has the 2015 Frankfurt title on his resume.
The US has high hopes of a home runner on the podium with a strong contingent led by Galen Rupp and featuring 2014 Boston champion Meb Keflezighi and Abdi Abdirahman.
Rupp earned Olympic bronze in Rio last year in just his second career marathon.
Baysa, who won last year in 2:29:19, will face a field that includes three women who have run under 2:20 in Gladys Cherono, Edna Kiplagat and fellow Ethiopian Buzunesh Deba, who set the Boston course record when she won in 2014.
Baysa won in dramatic fashion 12 months ago, coming from behind to overtake the leaders in the final five kilometers. Two of those she passed will start on Monday: Valentine Kipketer, who finished fifth last year, and Joyce Chepkirui, who finished third.
Caroline Rotich, the 2015 Boston winner, is also in the field, while home hopes rest with Desiree Linden, who finished seventh in the Rio Olympic marathon last year.
The race will be the fourth Boston Marathon contested since two pressure-cooker bombs planted near the finish line of the race killed three people and injured 264 others in 2013.
Two brothers of Chechen descent, Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev were tracked down by authorities. Tamerlan was killed trying to escape capture while Dzokhar was apprehended and convicted of the attack.
NEW YORK: Ethiopia's Lemi Berhanu Hayle and Atsede Baysa face daunting challenges on Monday as they seek repeat titles in the Boston Marathon.
Hayle, defending the men's crown he won last year in a time of 2hr 12min 45sec, will have to contend with eight other men who hold lifetime bests under 2:07.
That incudes the Kenyan duo of Emmanuel Mutai, who owns a personal best of 2:03:13, and Sammy Kitwara.
The Kenyan challenge also includes three-time Amsterdam champion Wilson Chebet, 2012 Boston winner Wesley Korir, and Geoffrey Kirui, who was third in Rotterdam last year.
Three fellow Ethiopians will also challenge Hayle as he bids to become the first men's repeat winner since 2008, when Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot of Kenya completed a treble.
Yemane Tsegay was third in Boston last year behind Hayle and compatriot Lelila Desisa, who is absent this time around.
Dino Sefir won last year in Barcelona and Ottawa and Sisay Lemma has the 2015 Frankfurt title on his resume.
The US has high hopes of a home runner on the podium with a strong contingent led by Galen Rupp and featuring 2014 Boston champion Meb Keflezighi and Abdi Abdirahman.
Rupp earned Olympic bronze in Rio last year in just his second career marathon.
Baysa, who won last year in 2:29:19, will face a field that includes three women who have run under 2:20 in Gladys Cherono, Edna Kiplagat and fellow Ethiopian Buzunesh Deba, who set the Boston course record when she won in 2014.
Baysa won in dramatic fashion 12 months ago, coming from behind to overtake the leaders in the final five kilometers. Two of those she passed will start on Monday: Valentine Kipketer, who finished fifth last year, and Joyce Chepkirui, who finished third.
Caroline Rotich, the 2015 Boston winner, is also in the field, while home hopes rest with Desiree Linden, who finished seventh in the Rio Olympic marathon last year.
The race will be the fourth Boston Marathon contested since two pressure-cooker bombs planted near the finish line of the race killed three people and injured 264 others in 2013.
Two brothers of Chechen descent, Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev were tracked down by authorities. Tamerlan was killed trying to escape capture while Dzokhar was apprehended and convicted of the attack.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
GOP closing in on tax cuts the nation needs It looks like the Republican Congress may be capable of delivering on its promises after all: With the Senate's vote on the tax-cut bill in the early hours Saturday, lawmakers...
Trump reveals he still gets policy advice from Ivanka Just days after announcing his team of 13 top economic advisers, Donald Trump revealed Monday that he is still getting policy advice closer to home — from his daughter Ivanka....
Trump and Clinton deserve each other in this stinking election This is a huge weekend in The Bronx, with the rare “corpse flower” blooming at the New York Botanical Garden. The enormous plant flowers only once every 10 years and...
Trump picks up unlikely ratings victory over Hillary Donald Trump pulled off the upset — at least in television popularity. Hillary Clinton's acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention was seen by 29.8 million people on the commercial...
For better or worse, a social media post has the power to make or break a chef's career — and America's leading culinary academies are acting fast to prepare the next generation of aspiring chefs.
Capitalizing on food photography's current, and seemingly ubiquitous, wave of popularity, the esteemed Culinary Institute of America will offer two elective courses in food photography and food styling beginning in May 2018, according to the New York Times.
“We see a small but steady increased interest in careers specifically in beverages and wine, food education, nutrition and wellness, food media,” Denise Bauer, a CIA dean, told the Times.
Studying basic skills in camera operation, lighting and shot composition, the goal of the trendy curriculum is to empower students with new skill sets for the digital age. It also serves to educate them in an adjacent field, just in case they choose to take a related job outside the kitchen.
Like the Culinary Institute of America — aka the “Harvard of haute cuisine” — Johnson & Wales and the Institute of Culinary Education are also offering similar electives and clubs. Evidently, a culinary student's prowess with a photo filter is becoming just as critical to their future success as their chopping skills.
Further, it appears that the much-loved photo-sharing app isn't going anywhere anytime soon. With Instagram recently reporting a record 800 million monthly users and 2 million advertisers, perhaps the next generation of James Beards and Anthony Bourdains will rise to fame not in the kitchen, but in our feeds.
The Senate Banking Committee has crafted a bill that would make dramatic changes to the Dodd-Frank Act. What's in the bill and if it goes through, how will it impact bankers? American Banker reporter Ian McKendry reports on the potential landmark legislation.
The Music Academy of the West will open its gates to the public on Thursday, July 11 for a day of compelling classical music events amid the lush gardens of the academy's Miraflores campus.
This year's Academy Open House schedule will include masterclasses and a garden and architectural tour. Open to music lovers of all ages, the day's events will be offered free of charge.
Activities will begin at 11:30 a.m. with a tour of the Music Academy's magnificent gardens, historic Main House, Hahn Hall and the Luria Education Center, led by Academy Emeritus Director and accomplished gardener Carole Halsted. At 1 p.m., faculty artists Jerome Lowenthal and Benjamin Kamins will lead piano chamber and bassoon masterclasses in Lehmann and Weinman halls, respectively. At 3:15 p.m., Edward Atkatz will lead a percussion masterclass in Hahn Hall, JoAnn Turovsky will lead a harp masterclass in Lehmann Hall, and fellow Academy faculty artist Jonathan Feldman will lead a collaborative piano masterclass in Weinman Hall.
The day's events will conclude in grand fashion with a masterclass sampler at 7 p.m. in Hahn Hall featuring faculty artists Kathleen Winkler (violin), Carrie-Ann Matheson (vocal piano and interpretation) and Jerome Lowenthal (solo piano).
Following their normal business hours, the Rack and Treasure House, the academy's on-campus shops, will be open from noon to 3 p.m. Shoppers will enjoy a 10 percent discount on purchases at both stores throughout the day, excluding consignments.
For information, call 805.969.4726. Free parking is available on campus, 1070 Fairway Road in Santa Barbara.
The Music Academy's 66th season also will include an ambitious new production of Mozart's beloved opera The Magic Flute, as well as performances by violinist Midori and pianist Jeremy Denk.
The academy is presenting more than 200 events over the course of this year's Summer School and Festival, which concludes Aug. 10. Additional highlights will include conducting turns by Leonard Slatkin, James Gaffigan, Nicholas McGegan, Warren Jones and Tito Muñoz. Featuring the academy's exceptionally talented Fellows, together with illustrious guest performers and faculty, the events will be presented at the academy's scenic Miraflores campus and in venues throughout Santa Barbara.
— Tim Dougherty is the communications manager for the Music Academy of the West.
In this photo taken on Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, Arkady Babchenko, 41, who had been scathingly critical of the Kremlin in recent years, looks at an opposition picket in Moscow, Russia. Police in the capital of Ukraine say a Russian journalist has been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment. Ukrainian police said Arkady Babchenko's wife found him bleeding at the apartment on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 and called an ambulance, but Babchenko died on the way to a hospital. Alexander Baroshin AP Photo
Events and activities for all ages are planned beginning Saturday
Creek Week, scheduled for Sept. 17-25, is an annual celebration of local watersheds, and an opportunity for the community to learn more about local creeks through hands-on activities and volunteer events.
This year, Creek Week festivities will kick off Saturday to coincide with Coastal Cleanup Day, and will continue through Sunday, Sept. 25.
This 12th annual event aims to raise awareness of the many ways to enjoy, protect and restore local watersheds.
Creek Week is coordinated by the City of Santa Barbara Creeks Division, the county Project Clean Water, the City of Goleta, the City of Carpinteria and UCSB, with fun and educational events planned and hosted by many community groups and environmental organizations.
Included in the weeklong calendar of more than 20 Creek Week events will be creek and beach clean-ups, habitat restoration efforts, guided nature walks, project tours and more.
At 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 20, community members are invited to the Cabrillo Pavilion Arts Center for a presentation by local historian Neal Graffy on “The Search for Water” in Santa Barbara. At 5:30 p.m. Wednesday, Sept. 21, join the Creeks Division and COAST for a Walking Wednesdays tour of Mission Creek restoration and fish passage projects from Oak Park to the Upper Caltrans Channel. At 9:30 a.m. Thursday, Sept. 22, join the City of Santa Barbara Creeks Division and Horny Toad Activewear for a cleanup of the Mission Creek Lagoon.
For a complete list of Creek Week events, click here or call 897-2606.
— Liz Smith is the creeks outreach coordinator for the City of Santa Barbara.
Dear Nick and Nora:
You are still at the table after the dishes have been cleared. Nora is waiting for Nick to respond to her declaration, “This divorce of ours. … I'm ready for it to be over.”
Still no response.
“Are you giving me the silent treatment?”
Nick, startled by the accusation, says, “I'm thinking before I speak. If you asked me a question, I didn't hear it.”
“OK, Nick. I'm ready to be done with our case, which means settling the few issues that remain. The question for you, Nick, is: Are you ready for a final settlement?”
“Nora, my lawyer advised me over a year ago that anything I say to you gets reported to your lawyer and will be intentionally misinterpreted. And then he's going to put me through the ringer again, and he's going to take you to the cleaners. I don't know if I'll ever get over that demand for hard-to-find, completely worthless documents. What were you thinking? Are you still thinking it? What were you doing and why?”
“I'm really sorry, Nick, and you know I've never been into apologies. I'll tell you what I was thinking. The last time we hired a lawyer was when we got that guy, Frank White in San Francisco, to deal with that so-called toxic waste at our Fruitvale property.”
“It was toxic waste, Nora. There had once been a gas station on our site. I agree that Frank was good, but what's that got to do with the divorce?”
“You assume that I always know everything about anything going on in my life, and I usually do. But when I asked Frank White about what he was doing with our toxic waste, he'd talk to me, but I couldn't understand what he was saying. So I persisted with more questions, but I still couldn't understand what he was taking about. When this happens, I can be pretty sure that I'm getting a load of B.S., but I had a strong intuition that he knew what he was doing.”
“He did know what he was doing. He couldn't have gotten a better result for us. But the divorce — Frank had nothing to do with it.”
“Hang on, Nick. Frank was the only lawyer we've ever had who was hired to fight for us. We've had the estate planner — am I still in your will? — the tax guy, the transactional guy, and this guy and that guy. But never anything to do with litigation because you wouldn't fight. You always gave at the beginning saying that you would rather spend your energy trying to make money instead of trying to keep it or get it back from some jerk, and the consequence for these people was that you wouldn't do business with them again. Frankly, I thought you were a wimp.”
“Nora, when this divorce is over you can sue and be sued as often as you wish, just leave me out of it.”
“But one thing I've learned from this divorce is that you weren't a wimp; you were smart. You stayed out of the struggle and stood up to me, which is not something that I want to be easy.”
“Honestly, Nora, if you want me to listen to you, you have to get to the point. You are talking like my mother did.”
“You loved your mother.”
“Of course I loved my mother, but when I attempted to have a sustained conversation with her, it would conclude and I wouldn't have any idea of what we talked about or what she thought we talked about. Come on, Nora, get to it.”
“I assumed my divorce lawyer would handle my case the same way Frank handled our toxic waste. I didn't ask a lot of questions and let him do whatever he needed to do. When you complained to me about him, I said that I thought he was the only person looking out for me, and I meant it. You got very angry, which made me glad that I had a strong lawyer. I admit that I didn't mind when he made you squirm a little.”
“Yeah, I squirmed and I thought a lot about making you squirm, too. But what would be the point?”
“The point was that making you squirm came at an astronomical price. Do you know that I called my lawyer off your back?”
“You did?”
“You bet I did. The anger against you faded and shifted to him. There were a bunch of reasons. I couldn't believe he said he suspected you of committing fraud and of hiding some of our assets. I asked him where that came from, and he said you had failed to come up with some of the documents he demanded. That meant you were probably hiding them, which was sufficient to make him suspicious. I told him that he should have asked me before he inferred, on my behalf, that someone was a crook. This was especially true when the alleged crook happened to be my children's father — and also a man who couldn't find documents because he could rarely find his own butt. Hiding assets? You? You spend the majority of your time looking for stuff you didn't hide. I guess I could be wrong, but I don't think you would do it. Of course, that's partly because you know that I'd catch you and then break your neck. But you aren't a crook.”
“So you think the reason I'm not a crook is because I know that you would catch me and break my neck?”
“I also said that you are not a crook — you wouldn't cheat me out of stuff that belonged to both of us. You wouldn't and couldn't do it. How's that?”
“Much better. I think you are in the middle of complaining about your lawyer, which is a subject of interest to me. Please continue.”
“Sure. There was his bill for calling you a crook. It was unbelievable; I made him knock it way down. I found that encounter delightful, and it made him unhappy. And I also started to wonder about all my anger. It went like a flash from you to the lawyer, as though it had a life of its own. The truth is that I've been an angry person all my life. I don't know why. I've been incredibly fortunate, and that includes being married to you, Nick.”
“Why, Nora …”
“Don't get me wrong; I'm also fortunate to be getting divorced from you. My children — our children — are healthy; I'm healthy. I'm wealthy because of you, and I am grateful for what you have done for us — for me.”
“Spike, are you feeling OK?”
“Nick, try to hold your mud until I'm finished. Another thing I've learned during this divorce is that I'm not wise. I'm smart, but I'm not at all wise. I'm too old to be utterly without wisdom.”
“I don't have any firsthand knowledge of wisdom myself, but I wonder if people who are wise know it? I've never heard anyone announce, ‘I am wise!'”
Nora said, “Plenty of people promote their wisdom, but in our culture the claim is always implicit, but that's beside the point. I want to finish my story. I wrote a note while sitting at the lawyer's desk. I told him, in writing, that he could not allow anything prepared on my behalf to leave his office unless I approved it. Then I went traveling for almost a year. That's my story and I'm sticking to it. Do you want to settle?”
“Of course I want to settle, but I always worry about being Charlie Brown to your Lucy. You're holding the ball and I'm going to try to kick it, yet again, expecting you to keep it upright even though you've let it fall so many times before.”
“Nick, one thing I'd be willing to pay a lot of money for would be a provision prohibiting you from ever comparing me to Lucy and the football. It's always been lame; it's been worn out for a long time, and it's not true.”
“Not true?”
“I wouldn't insist that the agreement say ‘not true,' or words to that effect, if you'd agree to the prohibition. Come on. Just say yes or no. Are you ready to settle?”
“It wasn't possible to settle with you when one of us was angry. Then, when we weren't so angry, we couldn't talk to each other. You misunderstood everything I said in the worst possible way. We couldn't do the most simple business together even though that was what we did best while we were married.”
Nora said, “Yeah, yeah, yeah. I agree with all of that. And we couldn't get anything done on this divorce. We couldn't agree to the most simple things.”
Nick said, “You're describing exactly what Bucky said would happen.”
“I know, but don't tell him that we realize it.”
“Why not?”
“Because he'd be smug.”
“Smug? Bucky's not smug.”
“Well I guess he's not smug around you because he likes you, and he likes you because he thinks he's smarter than you. He's smug with me because he wants to be smarter but he knows in his heart that it will never happen.”
“Nora, you're delusional.”
“Delusional? Maybe. But I don't think I'm depressed … anymore. Did you get depressed at all?”
“Depressed? Yes, I've been depressed — very depressed if you want to know the truth.”
“Was it because you were losing me?”
“Knowing that I was losing you was the reason I didn't shoot myself.”
“Same for me. I wasn't depressed over you. It was over everything. I felt so alone and purposeless, and I thought a lot about death.”
Nick said, “I couldn't do business with you or anyone else when I was in that hole. The rabbit hole I called it. I couldn't shake it, and so I got depressed about being depressed.”
“How did you get out of it, or did you get out of it?”
“The first good sign was when I realized that I occasionally had the power to control what I was thinking about and could stop myself from thinking about anything that was at all depressing. Then I discovered the same thing about my feelings. I've lived in the belief that I was my feelings and my thoughts. But I know that can't be true because I, whatever I is, have at least some control over both so the ‘I' can't be ‘them.'”
“You got out of depression by realizing that the ‘I can't be them.' I'll remember that in case I get depressed again. But I'm not depressed right now, and I don't think you are either. For the last time, are you ready to settle with me?”
Nick finally said, “Yes, I am,” as he removed a black Sharpie from the left breast pocket of his suit and began to write on the white tablecloth.
Your friend,
Bucky
— Brian H. Burke is a certified family law specialist practicing family law and mediation in Santa Barbara. A researcher and educator in the field of divorce and family conflicts, he is also the creator of the Legal Road Map™. Click here for more information, call 805.965.2888 or e-mail .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are few things in life which remain sacred between couples.
And, in the modern age, faithfully binge-watching your favourite Netflix series with your significant other is definitely one of them.
However, worrying new research has shed light on the many who are prepared to break the sanctity of this vow.
Yes, folks, indeed. It's true.
Some are admitting to skipping ahead and watching an episode without their partner.
According to a survey carried out by the streaming service , roughly half of subscribers (46%) admit to jumping ahead in a TV show without their partner.
And what's worse is that 81% admit they've "Netflix cheated" multiple times.
Predictably, the biggest reason for catching an episode or two when your partner isn't around is down to old-fashioned curiosity.
A massive 60% of the 30,267 responses said shows such as Stranger Things, Narcos or Orange is the New Black are too good to pass up.
Netflix cheating rises even higher in Brazil and Mexico, which recorded 57% and 58% of cheaters respectively.
Netflix found that the most popular shows people cheated on their other half with were The Walking Dead, Breaking Bad, American Horror Story, House of Cards, Orange Is The New Black, Narcos, and Stranger Things.
Apparently, this phenomenon is far from new and has been on the rise since 2013.
But it seems that all is not lost - 46% of those surveyed said that cheating on your favourite shows is forgivable.
Amazingly, 14% said it was worse than forgetting an anniversary.
The sample was balanced by age and gender and covered adults who watch the streaming service as a couple.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Abuja – The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), on Monday injected 210 million dollars into the inter-bank Foreign Exchange Market, in its bid to sustain liquidity in the foreign exchange market.
The Acting Director, Corporate Communications Department, CBN, Mr Isaac Okoroafor in a statement said that the move would ensure the continuous availability of foreign exchange to customers.
Giving a breakdown, Okoroafor said that the bank offered 100 million dollars to authorised dealers in the wholesale segment of the market, while the Small and Medium Enterprises segment received 55 million dollars.
He said also that customers requiring foreign exchange for invisibles such as tuition fees, medical payments and Basic Travel Allowance (BTA), among others, were also allocated 55 million dollars.
Okoroafor reassured the public that the bank would continue to intervene in the interbank foreign exchange market in line with its desire to sustain liquidity in the market and maintain stability.
He also said that the steps taken so far by the apex bank in the management of foreign exchange was paying off, as reflected by reduction in the country's import bills and accretion to its foreign reserves.
It will be recalled that the CBN had recently injected 210 million dollars into the Wholesale segment of the foreign exchange market.
Meanwhile, the naira continued its stability in the foreign exchange market, exchanging at an average of N360 to a dollar in the Bureau de Change segment of the market. (NAN)
“The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.” — Joseph Campbell
In an episode of Mad Men, an advertising analyst says that “in a nutshell” people are either doing what's expected of them or what they want. As a coach, whether working with a CEO or an artist, I find this to be the biggest source of internal conflict for most people.
Research on this subject suggests that you need to know yourself before you can be true to yourself. That's a given. However, observe young kids; they have not spent years digging deep into their psyche to find out who they are — they just are. Little Johnny knows instantly if he wants his friend to play with his toy truck and doesn't hesitate to voice it.
But it's not long before Johnny becomes socialized and shaped by the rules of nicety. “It's not nice to run to the front of the line every day for your snack.” “Let Suzi play with your truck.” “Why are you dressed like that? You look strange.” “Quiet. Stop your laughing now or I will … ,” ad infinitum.
You really do know who you are and you always have. It's just that somewhere along the way you've put more emphasis on caring about what others think of you. That, of course, leads downhill to self-sabotaging behaviors such as people pleasing, fear of rejection and letting others define or make decisions for you. Next you're lost, stuck in doing what's expected of you instead of doing what you want.
Are you wrestling with this dilemma? Then you will find inspiration in the story of John Mackey, the co-CEO of Whole Foods Market.
When he was a 20-year-old college student taking a philosophy class, he began reading a book by Jean-Paul Sartre. The more he read, the more he realized that he didn't like the book and “was not having any fun.” Next he thought, “I'm never going to read another book in my entire life that I don't like.”
The next day he dropped the class as he said, “I'm never going to take another class I don't like.” He didn't, and he ended up with 120 electives and no college degree.
He left college saying, “I will never do anything the rest of my entire life that I don't really want to do.” That opened the door for him to follow his heart, his passions — what he truly cares about.
With a résumé that read something like dishwasher, busboy and camp counselor, he co-founded Whole Foods in 1980. Don't you just love the mavericks of the world? They give us courage to listen to ourselves and follow our true path.
Is a voice from your past making decisions for you? Does it belong to your dad, mom, spouse, boss or friend? The truth is that you can come out from under the influence of others and toss the old outdated scripts.
Choose in this moment who you will listen to. Trust yourself. If you never listen to your inner wisdom, how will you ever live your purpose, your passion?
Don't whine, “But what if mom was right?” or “How dare I disobey my father?” Throw guilt out the window along with your boss or whoever else thinks they know what is best for you. Too dramatic? Try ulcers, high blood pressure and depression for high drama.
Honor your true self. To be who you are and express it in the world is the most courageous and kindest act you can do for yourself and others. Don't be afraid that the real you are too strange, non-conventional or unique for the planet. Free yourself. I once asked my 92-year-old mom if I'd ever fit in. She replied, “Are you supposed to?”
Have a safe and Happy Fourth of July. I hope you will be celebrating your newfound personal freedom.
— Susan Ann Darley is a creativity coach and business writer. Click here for more information, or contact her at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.845.3036. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists in Sutton Coldfield will face delays on two Sutton Coldfield routes with urgent works taking place by a utility company.
Three-way traffic lights are being used in Clifton Road, between Wyndley Leisure Centre and Manor Road from 9am to 3.30pm for three days ‘to enable a gas leak to be located and repaired'.
And a second gas repair is set to cause problems on another key route near Good Hope Hospital.
(Image: Google)
Iain Aiken, Birmingham City Council's engineer for Sutton and Erdington said: “We have been advised that two-way temporary traffic signals will be used in Rectory Road for up to three days between 9am to 3.30pm.
“The signals will be set up on Wednesday (April 25) in the vicinity of 36 Rectory Road, near the railway bridge, to enable a gas leak to be located and repaired.”
Digital security legend John McAfee's naked shooting spree As John McAfee's wife, Janice, tells it, she was having sex with her husband in the early hours of Sept. 4 in their Tennessee home when McAfee's notoriously aggressive dogs...
These popular vacation spots are death traps for Americans When an American man and his Canadian girlfriend were recently found dead in the middle of a field in Belize, people were shocked — not only by the murder itself,...
Two detained after couple found strangled in Belize Authorities in Belize have taken two people into custody in connection to the mysterious murder of a former Marine and his Canadian girlfriend, a report says. Drew DeVoursney's mother told...
Couple who went missing in Belize both strangled to death: report The deaths of an American man and his Canadian girlfriend who went missing in Belize are now being investigated as homicides — after autopsies revealed that they had both been...
WERS “London Getaway” CONTEST RULES (the “Contest”)
Official Contest Rules
October 14th, 2017
NO PURCHASE, PAYMENT, OR DONATION OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN THIS PROMOTION. A PURCHASE, PAYMENT OR DONATION WILL NOT INCREASE OR IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
1. ELIGIBILITY. The “WERS London Getaway” promotion (the “Promotion”) is only open to those who, as of the start date, are legal residents of the fifty (50) United States, including the District of Columbia, and who have reached the age of majority in their state of residence. The Promotion is void where prohibited or restricted by law. Employees, officers and directors of Sponsor and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, advertising and promotion agencies involved in the administration of this Promotion, and the immediate families (defined as parents, spouses, children, siblings, grandparents and their respective spouses) or members of the same household (whether related or not) of each such employee, officer and director), are not eligible to enter.
2. TIMING. The “Contest Period” will begin at 10am, Saturday October 14th, 2017 and will continue until Sunday October 15th, 2017 at 4pm. The contest period reopens Saturday October 21st, 2017 at 10am and ends Sunday October 22nd, 2017 at 4pm. A maximum of one (1) entry per person and one (1) entry per household will be permitted in this contest. No Purchase Necessary-Odds of being selected depend upon the total number of eligible entries received. During the “Contest Period”, either Make a Pledge (donation), Make an online Pledge at WERS. ORG Or send your name address and phone number to Promotions@wers.org if you choose to enter without making a donation.
3. HOW TO ENTER: During the “Contest Period”, either Make a Pledge (donation), Make an online Pledge at WERS. ORG Or send your name address and phone number to Promotions@wers.org if you choose to enter without making a donation. All sustaining members are eligible to win. Multiple entries, mass entries, and entries generated by script, macro, or other automated means or by any means that subvert the entry process will be void.
Complete all requested information during the entry process in accordance with the instructions. You must complete all required information to be eligible to win. All entries must be received by Sponsor during the Entry Period. Any attempt by any participant to obtain additional entries beyond the limit by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations, or any other methods will void that entrant's entries and that entrant may be disqualified. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification. Sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, incomplete, invalid, void, unintelligible or misdirected entries, which will be disqualified.
In the event of a dispute as to an entrant's entry, the natural person who is the authorized account holder of the email address will be deemed to be the entrant, but only if that person is otherwise eligible to enter the Promotion. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned to an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider, Internet service provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Each potential winner may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder. If a dispute cannot be resolved to Sponsor's satisfaction, the winning entrant may be deemed ineligible. All entries become the exclusive property of Sponsor and none will be acknowledged or returned. Proof of submission will not be deemed proof of receipt of entry by Sponsor.
4. DRAWING; ODDS; NOTIFICATION. On or about 4pm, October 22nd, 2017, Sponsor or Sponsor's designee will randomly select potential winner(s) from among all eligible entries received. Odds of winning a prize depend on the number of eligible entries received. The entrant selected must comply with all terms and conditions of these Official Rules. The entrants selected must comply with all terms and conditions of these Official Rules, and winning are contingent upon fulfilling all requirements and requests of Sponsor during the verification process. The potential winners will be notified by phone. The potential winner may be required to execute and return to Sponsor a notarized Affidavit of Eligibility, a Liability Release, and, except where prohibited by law, a Publicity Release (an “Affidavit/Release”) in the form(s) provided by Sponsor in order to claim his/her prize. The Affidavit/Release must be returned to Sponsor by the date and/or time indicated. If the potential winner cannot be contacted within seven (7) days of the first attempt to contact him/her, or if the potential winner fails to return the Affidavit/Release within the specified time, or if any prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, or if the potential winner is found to be ineligible, or if the potential winner does not comply with the Official Rules or the requests of Sponsor, then the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected by Sponsor in its sole discretion in his/her place, at random from among all eligible non-winning entries received by Sponsor for the Promotion.
5. PRIZE(S). One prize of a London Getaway for two, including a five day stay for two at the Savoy Hotel, West End London, Theatre tickets for two, and $1,000 toward airfare for two. Value is $5,895. “AS IS” with no warranty, representation or guarantee, express or implied, in fact or in law, made by Sponsor or for which Sponsor shall be liable, including, without limitation, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. No substitution, assignment or transfer of a prize is permitted, except by Sponsor, who reserves the right to substitute a prize with another prize of greater or equal value, in the event of unavailability of the advertised prize. Winner is solely responsible for any and all costs, fees, taxes and expenses associated with prize award, receipt and use, including, without limitation, all federal, state and local taxes on the prize. For prizes valued over $600, prizewinner will be issued an IRS Form 1099 for the retail value of the prize. If potential winner does not wish to accept the prize, an alternate winner will be selected from the pool of eligible entrants. Sponsor will determine all details of the prize not set forth herein in its sole discretion. All entrants and entries are subject to verification prior to the awarding of a prize, as are the eligibility, age and other claims of/information provided by a potential prizewinner.
6. DATA. Information collected in this Promotion will be administered by Sponsor in accordance with its Privacy Policy, located at http://wers.org/wers-privacy-policy.
7. OFFICIAL RULES. These Official Rules are available at www.wers.org or by sending a self-addressed envelope to “London Getaway” – Rules Request.” c/o WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116.
8. WINNERS LIST. To request a list of winners, send a self-addressed postage-stamped envelope to “London Getaway” – “Winner List Request,” c/o WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116. Requests must be received by 1/12/2018
9. SPONSOR. The sponsor is WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116.
10. AGREEMENT TO OFFICIAL RULES AND DECISIONS. By participating, each entrant fully and unconditionally agrees to be bound by and accepts these Official Rules, and the decisions of Sponsor (including, without limitation, decisions regarding eligibility of entries, the selection of entrants and the winner, and the awarding of the prize), which are final and binding in all respects.
11. PUBLICITY. Except where prohibited by law, participation in the Promotion constitutes winner's consent to Sponsor's (and its designees', successors' and assigns') use of winner's name, biography, likeness, voice, photographs, video, opinions, statements, hometown, state and country for promotional purposes in any manner or media (including, without limitation, online), worldwide, in perpetuity, and without further payment, consideration, notice, review or consent.
12. GENERAL CONDITIONS. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, modify or suspend the Promotion if, in Sponsor's opinion, there is any suspected or actual evidence of electronic or non-electronic tampering with any portion of the Promotion, or if viruses, bugs, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical difficulties or failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor's reasonable control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Promotion. In such event, Sponsor reserves the right (but does not have the obligation) in its sole discretion to award the prize at random from among eligible, non-suspect entries received up to the time of suspected impairment. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Promotion or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner. Any attempt by any person to deliberately damage any website or undermine the legitimate operation of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and other remedies from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor's failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision or any other provision of these Official Rules.
13. RELEASE. By entering, each entrant forever, fully and irrevocably releases and holds harmless Sponsor, Emerson College, and their parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective agents, advertising and promotion agencies, affiliates, Promotion partners and prize suppliers, and Facebook, and all of their respective employees, officers, directors, shareholders and agents from and against all claims, damages or liabilities arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from entrant's participation and/or entry in the Promotion and/or entrant's award, receipt or use of any prize awarded in the Promotion.
14. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. Sponsor is not responsible for: (a) incorrect or inaccurate transcription of entry information or late, lost, stolen, unintelligible, illegible, damaged, mutilated, altered, incomplete or misdirected entries or entries received through impermissible or illegitimate channels, all of which will be disqualified; (b) technical failures of any kind, including but not limited to the malfunctioning of any telephone, computer online systems, computer equipment, website, server provider, network, hardware or software; (c) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any website or service; (d) unauthorized intervention in any part of the entry process or the Promotion; (e) printing, typographical, electronic or human errors, which may occur in the offer or administration of the Promotion or the processing of entries; or (f) any injury or damage to persons or property, including but not limited to entrant's computer, which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrant's participation in the Promotion, or from viewing, playing or downloading any material from Sponsor's website(s), regardless of whether the material was prepared by Sponsor or a third party, and regardless of whether the material is connected to Sponsor's websites by a hypertext link.
15. DISPUTES. Entrant agrees that: (a) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any prizes awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and solely and exclusively in a federal or state court located in Boston, Massachusetts; entrant submits to sole and exclusive personal jurisdiction to said courts in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for any such dispute and irrevocably waives any and all rights to object to such jurisdiction; (b) any and all claims, judgments, and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, but in no event attorneys' fees; and (c) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental, consequential, and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrant or Sponsor in connection with the Promotion shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules of provisions, which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
It might be hard to believe, but Texas's voting maps, those lines that decide where your representative district is and what seat you're voting for, have been in flux for the past six years.
It might be hard to believe, but Texas's voting maps, those lines that decide where your representative district is and what seat you're voting for, have been in flux for the past six years.
As heard on Texas Public Radio
Large swaths of the state from Dallas to San Antonio out towards El Paso have had their congressional and state House districts disputed since 2011. That's when the state's Republican-led legislature re-drew the maps. The Texas Constitution requires the state legislature re-draw these districts after each census, to make sure these geographic boundaries contain the same amount of people.
Minority advocacy groups did not like those 2011 maps, and said they were deliberately designed to negatively affect African American and Latino voters. Cue lawsuits, court battles, and then just last month a panel of federal judges ruled three Texas congressional districts were illegal.
So after all these years, it's not surprising many Texans feel like Lelena Fisher, a graphic designer from Austin. Here's what she told us:
“I've been wondering about the status of Texas' redistricting? With all the drawn and redrawn maps, the court cases and all the time that has passed, it's easy to lose track of this fundamental important issue, Fisher says.
To understand where we're headed, let's look at where we've been. Minority advocacy groups sued the state in response to the maps the Texas legislature approved in 2011.
But the 2012 election was just around the corner, so a federal court implemented its own interim maps. The legislature liked those maps, and officially adopted them during the 2013 legislative session.
Problem solved, right? No. People like former state-Rep. Trey Martinez Fisher says those maps still intentionally diluted what had been traditional concentrations of Latino and African American voters.
“In this instance they said ‘well lets draw some districts that look like minority opportunity districts but they'll never have the opportunity because we can tell from election data that it will never elect a candidate of its choice,” Fisher says.
Cue another lawsuit. Martinez Fisher sits on the board of the Mexican American Legislative Caucus and led that 2013 lawsuit against the state. Republican lawmakers disputed the lawsuit's claims. They said the maps the court had drawn were sufficient and should stand.
Since then the issue has kind of been in limbo. When Texans voted for their statehouse and congressional reps in 2014, they used those maps. The case just sitting in federal court until this past March, that's when three-judge panel from San Antonio decided Texas congressional redistricting efforts were intentionally drawn to discriminate against minority voters.
According to Rafael Anchia, a Dallas Democrat who leads the Mexican American Legislative Caucus, It happened in a few ways.
“Whether they adopted in some areas of the state a packing technique that packed minorities into districts to dilute their voting strength or they cracked them in a way that you would a wagon wheel, where you take a concentrated community and break it up into multiple districts,” Anchia explains.
Anchia, Fisher and the rest of MALC are still in court, scrambling to neutralize the maps before voters go to the polls in 2018. So what happens now? After last month's decision by the federal court in San Antonio, they called the state and plaintiff groups to court on April 27th. They'll try to figure out if there's a quick way the court could remedy the situation.
If not, they could order the legislature to handle it. But Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, who presides over the Senate, has said he doesn't see the need for the legislature to get involved until after the release of the next US census in 2020.
“We will be back in session very shortly, in two years and that will be the session that begins to prepare us for the 2021 maps, so I don't see any move to do that this session,” Patrick says.
House lawmakers agree with him. They voted against dealing with redistricting this year. That's why Nina Perales, the lead attorney in the current lawsuit, says what happens next will come from the federal court system, not the state Legislature and they're running out of time.
“Candidate filing opens in November of 2017, we have to have lines draw in time for the start of candidate this fall. And so there's a lot of time pressure on the court right now to make some decisions before the election schedule overtakes us,” Perales explains.
Otherwise Perales says the federal district court in San Antonio will have to delay the start of the 2018 election. As for the disputed 2013 House maps, the court is expected to release its opinion on them by end of this month or in early May.
Copyright 2017 KSTX-FM. To see more, visit KSTX-FM
Ample sunshine is expected this week — including for Thursday's Fourth of July holiday — but most areas should see a return to more normal temperatures, according to the National Weather Service.
Forecasters were calling for highs in the upper 70s near the coast Monday, cooling to the lower 70s later in the week.
Inland areas will continue to see highs in the upper 80s and low 90s.
Independence Day is expected to be sunny with highs in the 70s and clear skies for Fourth of July fireworks shows.
Although locations to the south set numerous high-temperature records the past few days, the heat never reached the expected extremes locally, and no new marks were set in Santa Barbara County.
A red-flag warning for fire danger expired Sunday morning, although forecasters were cautioning that some mountain and inland areas could still experience extreme high temperatures the next couple of days.
» Click here for the complete National Weather Service forecast.
» Click here for the Santa Barbara County Office of Emergency Services. Click here to sign up for the OES' messaging service. Connect with the OES on Facebook.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Ryan Mayer
It's been a whirlwind 24 hours for Roseanne Barr, whose hit show “Roseanne” was cancelled yesterday by ABC after the star's racist tweet that was directed at Valerie Jarrett, a former aide of President Barack Obama.
Barr has since blamed her behavior on the sleep aid Ambien. The revelation came in a storm of tweets from Barr early Wednesday morning, which included responses to “Roseanne” cast members who tweeted out statements of their own after the cancelation. First, Michael Fishman, who played D.J. Connor on the show, tweeted that Tuesday's chain of events made the day among the hardest in his life.
“I feel devastated, not for the end of the Roseanne show, but for all those who poured their hearts and souls into our jobs, and the audience that welcomed us into their homes. Our cast, crew, writers, and production staff strived for inclusiveness, with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness. The words of one person do not exemplify the thinking of all involved,” he wrote. “I condemn these statements vehemently. They are reprehensible and intolerable, contradicting my beliefs and outlook on life and society.”
He added: “We must stand up against bias, hatred, bigotry and ignorance to make society a better place for all.”
That prompted Roseanne to accuse Fishman of throwing her under the bus. “I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. nice!” she wrote.
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https://t.co/hViHPX2ZUb. You throw me under the bus. nice! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Minutes later, Barr responded to tweets from, Sara Gilbert, who portrayed Roseanne's daughter, Darlene Connor. Gilbert posted earlier Tuesday, “Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least.”
Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
Barr also seemed stunned by Gilbert's admonition, writing, “Wow! unreal.” in response to Gilbert.
Wow! unreal. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
The actress did apologize via her Twitter account for the original tweet that set all of these events in motion yesterday and deleted the racist tweet. Earlier Wednesday, she attempted to explain that, “I'm not a racist, just an idiot who made a bad joke.”
Roseanne is definitely not off Twitter despite her statement yesterday that she was leaving it. And her “Ambien tweeting” line has users describing every odd (non-racist) thing they've done while on the sleep drug. @therealroseanne pic.twitter.com/VAEbSxYYbc — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) May 30, 2018
After blaming Ambien for her behavior, the actress later deleted her references to the drug.
Devendra Bishoo receives hero's welcome at Berbice High School – During Digicel/CPL Youth Cricket Series surprise visit
By Franklin Wilson
Always pushing towards youths being actively involved with their stars, Digicel (Guyana) yesterday made a surprise visit to the Berbice High School in New Amsterdam, Berbice where Guyana, West Indies and CPL star, Berbice' own, Devendra Bishoo was presented to the students at a special assembly.
The welcome was deafening, as the visibly stunned students and teachers spent over two minutes screaming and applauding the cricket star in a warm welcome to the school which is 102 years old.
Bishoo's visit coincides with the Digicel/CPL Youth Crickets Series where students, teachers, parents and friends are being encouraged to vote with a view of their school winning the opportunity for 60 students from the winning school getting the opportunity to be coached and mentored by CPL Greats.
Aeisha Wong, Head Mistress (ag) without the aid of a PA system called on her teaching skills in order to get the students to settle down and focus on what Bishoo and Digicel's Public Relations Officer Vidya Sanichara had to say.
Bishoo, a left-handed batsman and right arm leggie, whilst encouraging the excited students to vote in order for their school to win, encouraged the youths to always aim high whilst following their dreams and be disciplined at all times.
”One day I was like you guys, don't ever make no one tell you your dream is too big for you, never make anybody tell you that, not your friends, not your family, not your teachers. Aim high, follow your dreams and work hard, no matter what, whatever your work for you will get it if you are determined enough.
Be disciplined in life and don't make anyone tell you that you can't accomplish something, always strike for greater and better things.” Bishoo encouraged the students.
The 32 year-old Berbician also shared with the assembly that from a young boy growing up his dream was to always become a professional cricketer and like he has done, anyone of them can do it too.
Digicel's Vidya Sanichara in summing up yesterday's activity said that it was the first of a two-part initiative towards the Digicel/CPL Youth Crickets Series.
”The second phase is where the voting comes in where the students or anybody can vote for their school where 60 students from that winning school would be lucky enough to meet and participate and hang out with coaches and top CPL players at a venue to be announced later.”
Sanichara noted that the initiative forms part of Digicel's mandate across the Caribbean.
”In all local markets where they're brand ambassadors or local players, they're going to be visiting high schools for surprise visits just like the one we had today (yesterday) at Berbice High with Bishoo.
The visit was fantastic, he is a celebrity but he was even a bigger celebrity because he is from Berbice and that's one of the reasons we choose a school in Berbice. We know it's not his alma mater but we tried to get a central school where there is a wide cross-section of students. It was a wonderful event, he got to interact with many of the students, they didn't want to let him go, we had to literally peal them away from him.”
Bishoo also autographed a number of Digicel branded caps which were presented randomly to some students whilst others had to catch from those thrown into the assembly. Guyana Under-15 Captain Zeynul Ramsammy, a student of the school also took time out for a photo op with Bishoo as did many other students who asked for him to autograph their school shirts which would be kept as souvenirs.
The vote of thanks was delivered by Faith Gajadhar who thanked the Guyana and West Indies star for the visit and his words of encouragement to the students. Gajadhar also remarked after the event ended: “I was very happy to meet with our star Bishoo, this is the first time I am meeting a cricketer and am also happy with the words of encouragement he shared with us.”
Voting is ongoing and Sanicahara, as she encouraged all to ensure they do vote, noted that it will end on Monday May 14, 2018. Students and other persons can follow this link to vote: www.digicelgroup.com/gy/en/mobile/cpl-youth-series.
Alexander Kristoff (Katusha-Alpecin) won the opening stage of the 2017 Tour of Oman.
The second Middle-East race of the season began today, with the six-stage Tour of Oman getting underway.
After the sprinters – namely Marcel Kittel – dominated the Dubai Tour, the Omanian race is a much hillier affair, thus attracting GC riders such as Romain Bardet (AG2R La Mondiale) and Fabio Aru (Astana).
But on stage one it was the fast men who were always expected to emerge victorious, and so it was Alexander Kristoff (Katusha-Alpecin) who crossed the line first – his fifth victory in this race.
Italian pair Kristian Sbaragli (Dimension-Data) and Sonny Colbrelli (Bahrain-Merida) rounded off the podium. Lasse Norman Hansen (Aqua Blue Sport) showed a rare sprinting quality, placing fourth.
>>> Six things to look out for at the Tour of Oman
Five riders were involved in the day's breakaway, gaining a gap of three minutes, but they were reeled in by the peloton with 10km remaining. Tom Boonen (Quick-Step Floors) crashed with 700m to go.
The win for Kristoff was his second of the season. The Norwegian won stage two of the Etoile de Bessèges, a race where he came second behind Arnaud Démare (FDJ) on two stages.
Kristoff is using the race to prepare for the Spring Classics. He is a previous winner of Milan-San Remo and the Tour of Flanders.
Although described as hilly parcours, there could yet be more chances for the sprinting teams on stage two, four and six. Stage three and stage five finish with uphill finishes.
It is the fifth stage, the Queen stage, where the GC winner is likely to be determined, with the climb to Green Mountain.
In a sign of the mainstreaming of marijuana in the United States, consumers can purchase “the original Weed Christmas Tree” at walmart.com.
The tree is seven feet tall, and according to the description, comes with “realistic marijuana leaves” — but sadly not the ornaments and bow pictured here.
The description on walmart.com says:
This Pot Leaf Christmas tree will “light up” the room and put your mind in the right head-space for holiday cheer. You'll be able to relax and giggle at the marijuana leaves and decorate it as you please. This alternative Christmas tree is perfect for personal top shelf life at home or as a medical dispensary decoration. Green Wishes and Happy Holidhaze!
The tree is sold and shipped by Brands On Sale, Inc, a costume and novelty company. The tree appears to be the only item they are selling on Walmart's site.
The tree will set you back $250 that you could have spent on real marijuana. But Walmart says it comes with “Free Shipping!” and will arrive by December 22, so you still have time to purchase what's sure to become a cherished holiday tradition in your own home.
Looking for more marijuana Christmas gifts? Check out The Cannabist's ultimate 2017 holiday gift guide.
MarsEdit 4.0.1 -- Red Sweater Software has released MarsEdit 4.0, a significant upgrade to the long-gestating blog editor that has been under development for seven years (TidBITS last covered the app in 2011; see “MarsEdit 3.4.1,” 2 December 2011). The new MarsEdit boasts a refined new look, enhanced WordPress support (enabling you to set a featured image for posts and select the Post Format), an improved editor with new visual button bar for common editing changes and live image size editing in the Rich Text editor, automatic preview template generation, native preview filters for Markdown, MultiMarkdown, and Convert Line Breaks, and expanded blog archiving for backing up your posts to your Mac.
After the release of version 4, Red Sweater Software quickly put out version 4.0.1 to fix an issue that could cause in-app purchases to be disregarded, resolve a problem with configuring a site that required HTTPS with an HTTP-based URL, and fix a cosmetic glitch that caused toolbar icons to be blurry.
MarsEdit 4.0 offers a free, full-featured 14-day trial from either the Red Sweater Software Web site or the Mac App Store, after which the app costs $49.95. If you have a MarsEdit 3 license, you can upgrade to version 4 for $24.95, and anyone who purchased MarsEdit 3 on or after 1 June 2017 is eligible for a free upgrade. ($49.95 new from Red Sweater Software or the Mac App Store, 24.95 upgrade, 14.5 MB, release notes, 10.12+)
Read/post comments about MarsEdit 4.0.1.
Firefox 57.01 -- Because of Mozilla's non-stop minor Firefox releases with major integer version numbers, we haven't covered Firefox in the TidBITS Watchlist for over a year (see “Firefox 49.0,” 22 September 2016). However, the release of Firefox 57 — dubbed Firefox Quantum — is worth mentioning, thanks to its speed enhancements, revamped user interface, and improved memory usage. Mozilla has overhauled Firefox Quantum's browser core with a new CSS engine that takes better advantage of multi-core processors optimized for low power consumption. The new version now prioritizes the tab you're viewing over all others to make better use of system resources, and it shuts down video decoding when the tab playing the media is sent to the background or the video is not visible on the screen. The new release also brings a unified address and search bar, a revamped new tab page that includes top visited sites, and an expanded preference section to manage all Web site permissions. (Free, 52.5 MB, release notes, 10.9+)
Read/post comments about Firefox 57.01.
Slack for Mac 3.0 -- Slack has released version 3.0 of its Mac desktop client, a substantial release for the group messaging system and collaboration tool that uses less memory and starts up faster, particularly when you have a lot of workspaces. The app now flips between workspaces more quickly, badges workspaces you aren't signed in to, improves the speed of reloading during drag-and-drop operations, moves the sidebar out of the way when viewing full-screen video, fixes some crashes experienced in macOS 10.13 High Sierra, and ensures that scrolling through messages is flicker-free. (Free from Slack and the Mac App Store, 71 MB, release notes, 10.9+)
Read/post comments about Slack for Mac 3.0.
Italy's President Sergio Mattarella addresses journalists after a meeting with prime ministerial candidate Giuseppe Conte on Sunday in Rome. Vincenzo Pinto/AFP/Getty Images
Italy has had 64 governments since 1946, which works out to an average of 410 days per government. The latest iteration, under Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, is 533 days old, so really it's about time for a new one, and the markets were reasonably sanguine about that development, even when the new government was set to be run by populist extremists.
The news that the winners of the last election won't form a new government, however, has devastated the Italian bond market and sparked fears of a brand-new euro crisis—one which, by dint of Italy's sheer size, would be vastly worse for Italy and the world than the last one.
A bit of background: In March, Italy voted to kick out all of the parties that have historically formed governments since the war and instead voted in a combination of reds (the Five-Star Movement, founded from the left by neo-anarchist comedian Beppe Grillo) and the browns (the xenophobic League, Italian avatars of the far right). When the two diametrically opposed parties decided they could work together to form a government, they nominated 82-year-old euroskeptic Paolo Savona as their finance minister. That was too much for Italy's president, who has rejected Savona and asked for someone else (which doesn't feel very democratic but is his constitutional right); the League refused, and now it seems that Italy is headed for yet another election.
This isn't a fully blown crisis yet, and right now the balance of probabilities is still that there won't be one. In order to get to Actual Crisis, two things still need to happen: The coming election needs to be turned into a referendum on EU membership, and the anti-euro parties need to win it.
Neither of those two things is likely to happen because the Italian populace, as divided as it is, remains strongly in favor of the euro. They might hate elite politicians, and they might hate Brussels-imposed austerity, and they might vote for extremist parties like the Five-Star Movement and the League—but they're not about to vote to leave the euro, and the populists know that.
Still, no one thought Brexit would happen either. What if the unexpected occurs? The recent market jitters give a pretty clear idea of where Italy would be headed were it to leave the euro. The indicator that everybody's looking at is the yield on the benchmark two-year Italian government bond—that is, how much annual interest you get if you lend the Italian government euros that they will repay in two years' time. At the beginning of this year, the yield stood at -0.137 percent, which meant that for every 1000 euros you lent the Italian government, you would get back about 997 euros two years later. The credit of the Italian government was considered so good, in other words, that investors were happy to accept negative interest rates just to ensure that their money was in a super-safe place.
It's no exaggeration to say that Italian exit from the euro would constitute an international economic crisis of truly catastrophic proportions.
Interest rates rose a tiny bit after the populists did surprisingly well in the March election, but they stayed negative. Even after the red-brown coalition formally agreed to form a government at the beginning of May, the interest rate on two-year debt was -0.151 percent.
Today, however, that interest rate is far from negative: At one point on Tuesday it spiked as high as 2.83 percent, which is by far the highest level that it has seen since the euro crisis of 2010–12. That isn't the interest rate that Italy would have to pay on its gargantuan national debt (currently 132 percent of GDP) should it leave the euro; it's the interest rate that investors are requiring now just because they're worried that there's a small chance that Italy might leave the euro.
Meaning, things can get infinitely worse. It's no exaggeration to say that an Italian exit from the euro would constitute an international economic crisis of truly catastrophic proportions—much more troubling than anything we saw in Europe or the U.S. between 2008 and 2012.
Italy is too big to fail, but it's also too big to rescue. While Greece could, ultimately, get bailed out by the European Union and the IMF, Italy can't be. There just isn't enough money. Without the low interest rates that accompany euro membership, Italy would be forced to default, and everybody who holds Italian debt, including virtually every major European bank, would be forced to take the kind of losses that lead straight to insolvency. Italy would become a disaster zone, but the rest of the world would suffer a major crisis and recession as well.
Ultimately, that's why Italy's president, Sergio Mattarella, refused to allow a euroskeptic to become finance minister. Governments come and governments go—that's normal in Italy—but it's Mattarella's job as president to keep his country from self-destructing. He accepted the parties that won the election; he even suggested a different League representative as finance minister, one who didn't want to bail on the euro. But the League didn't bite, and the result is the current spate of nervousness and uncertainty, none of which is going to be resolved at least until the Five-Star Movement and the League make it clear whether they're going to fight the next election on an anti-euro platform. In the parlance of financial markets, we're in “risk off” mode for the time being, with investors retreating to the safest havens they can find.
In the medium term, the likeliest scenario is that Italy, and the EU, will muddle through, and that all the money that has fled the country in recent weeks will find its way back. The future probably won't be catastrophic, but that doesn't mean it's going to be pleasant. The markets and the technocrats have de facto veto power over Italy's democratic decision-making, which means that outcome I'd most expect is actually more of the same. Or, as one person put it on Twitter:
MIAMI - Police are investigating after a man tried to lure a 7-year-old girl into his car Tuesday afternoon in Miami.
Miami police Officer Kenia Fallat said the girl was walking home from summer camp shortly after 3 p.m. when a man tried to abduct her near Northwest Fourth Avenue and Northwest 75th Street.
Fallat said the man used candy in an effort to try to lure her into his red sedan.
Fallat said the man was last seen wearing a ski mask and gloves.
The girl was able to get away.
Anyone with information is asked to call Miami police or Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Granby's newest retail business is now up and running.
The recently constructed Dollar General, located on Highway 40 in downtown Granby's far western edge, opened its doors to customers Wednesday afternoon last week. Though the start of operations Dec. 6 was a "soft opening," wherein the store was informally opened for business as the establishment continues getting shelves stocked, supply chains secured and, hopefully, staffing needs fully filled.
Last week's soft opening was a prelude to a more formal grand opening event the publicly traded corporation is planning for its new Grand County location, expected some time around New Years.
Construction of the new 9,100 square foot building began in August. The building sits between Java Lava and NAPA Auto Parts on the south side of Highway 40 in the space previously occupied by the Frontier Motel. Construction progressed throughout the fall and construction crews were pouring concrete for the future parking lot in late October.
Officials from Dollar General's corporate offices previously told Ski-Hi News they anticipated somewhere between six to 10 individuals to be employed at the Granby store.
All hiring for Dollar General is done online through the company's website, http://www.dollargeneral.com.
Do you have a debt with the IRS that's more than two years old? If so, you might be getting a letter from the IRS about your account being transferred to a private debt collector. This new program only applies to taxpayers who have had an IRS debt for years, and who were previously contacted about it by the IRS. Here's how it will work – and how to spot a scam.
by
Colleen Tressler
Consumer Education Specialist, FTC
3:55 Barack and Michelle Obama's final Christmas address from the White House Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A flasher who was spotted by a police officer indecently exposing himself outside an NHS health centre has been jailed for more than seven months.
24-year-old Benjamin Dakin committed the indecent act by the Swadlincote Health Centre, Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court heard.
The length of the jail term was down to the fact that this was not his first offence, having been made the subject of a suspended sentence just a few weeks before.
Dakin, of Thornley Street, Burton, admitted intentionally exposing himself at Swadlincote Health Centre, in Civic Way, on April 9.
He also admitted breaching a suspended sentence originally made for sending an electronic message which was grossly offensive or of an indecent, obscene or menacing character.
Dakin has been jailed for 30 weeks after magistrates discovered he had committed the offence within weeks of receiving a suspended sentence order made on March 19.
He was also ordered to pay a £115 victim surcharge.
Derbyshire Police said after the case that the offence took place at the side of the building, adjacent to the police station and a police officer had spotted Dakin.
It is believed no patients at the centre would have seen Dakin committing the act.
A spokesman for Derbyshire police said: “Benjamin Dakin was seen sexually exposing himself in a way that would cause alarm and distress to anyone who saw it.
“He was spotted by someone at Swadlincote Police Station and was quickly arrested nearby.
“Such behaviour will not be tolerated and the charge illustrates that we will take action against anyone who commits acts such as this in a town centre or any other location in Derbyshire.”
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
DWR Opens Bids For Oroville Spillway Repair
The Department of Water Resources (DWR) opened bids submitted by three contractors to repair the Oroville spillway. The bids are for work to implement DWR's Oroville spillway recovery plan so a system is in place by November 1, 2017 that can safely accommodate next winter's weather.
The bids were reviewed by DWR for accuracy and completeness over the weekend. DWR expects to award the work as soon as this week.
The contractors, their state and their bid amounts are as follows:
• Kiewit Infrastructure West Co. (CA): $275,443,850
• Barnard Ames JV (MT): $276,965,690
• Oroville Dam Constructors (CA): $344,129,100
DWR's engineer's estimate of $220,100,000 for the work was also released.
A notice to begin work will be issued within days of awarding the contract. The bids will not be made public, as they contain design information that is considered “critical energy/electric infrastructure information” by federal regulators and could cause a security risk if released.
Commentary 10.1172/JCI96840
2 Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research (ISREC), School of Life Sciences, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland.
1 Department of Fundamental Oncology, Ludwig Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch, and Institute of Pathology, Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois and University of Lausanne, Epalinges, Switzerland.
2 Swiss Institute for Experimental Cancer Research (ISREC), School of Life Sciences, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland.
1 Department of Fundamental Oncology, Ludwig Cancer Research, Lausanne Branch, and Institute of Pathology, Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois and University of Lausanne, Epalinges, Switzerland.
See the related article at Impaired angiopoietin/Tie2 signaling compromises Schlemm's canal integrity and induces glaucoma.
Glaucoma is a leading cause of blindness, with an estimated world-wide prevalence of 3.5% in members of the population older than 40 years of age. Elevated intraocular pressure as the result of abnormal resistance to aqueous humor drainage is a major contributing, and the only preventable, factor in glaucoma development. Schlemm's canal (SC), a lymphatic-like vessel encircling the anterior portion of the eye, plays a key role in promoting aqueous humor outflow and maintenance of normal intraocular pressure. The risk of developing glaucoma increases with age; therefore, understanding mechanisms of SC maintenance and how aging affects SC function are of special importance, both for prevention and novel treatment approaches to glaucoma. Using a compelling array of genetic models, Kim et al. report in this issue of the JCI that continuous angiopoietin/TIE2 signaling is required for maintaining SC identity and integrity during adulthood and show that its age-related changes can be rescued by a TIE2 agonistic antibody.
Continue reading with a subscription.
A subscription is required for you to read this article in full. If you are a subscriber, you may sign in to continue reading.
Already subscribed?
Click here to sign in to your account.
Don't have a subscription?
Please select one of the subscription options, which includes a low-cost option just for this article.
At an institution or library?
If you are at an institution or library and believe you should have access, please check with your librarian or administrator (more information).
Problems?
Please try these troubleshooting tips.
FILE - In this Jan. 1, 2017, file photo, Dallas Cowboys' Tony Romo smiles on the bench during the second half of an NFL football game against the Philadelphia Eagles in Philadelphia. Those closest to Romo on the Cowboys arenât ready to discuss the future of the Dallas quarterback, probably because they know the likely final answer. After 156 games, 34,183 yards passing and 248 touchdowns, Romoâs career in Dallas appears over after he lost the job he held for 10 years to rookie sensation Dak Prescott following a preseason back injury. The question is, whatâs next. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File)
Matt Mosley, contributor to SportsDayDFW.com and columnist for Texas Monthly, answered your questions Tuesday. Here are the highlights:
Mosley: Well, that's wonderful news. I think Houston certainly has the edge in terms of proximity. But I don't think a new child on the way will have an enormous impact on Tony's playing career. I think he will find a way to spend time with his family no matter where he ends up. And I'll remind you that Tony worshiped Elway as a kid. If he comes after him, I think Tony will be all ears. This will be a pretty limited group of teams. Houston and Denver. And it seems like Chiefs fans really want Tony. It seems like Alex only flourishes in the regular season. I hate to tell them that Tony hasn't exactly owned the postseason himself.
Which DL should Cowboys be targeting in the first round?
Mosley: I could see someone like Smoot out of Illinois being available. Pretty disruptive player on a bad college team. I'd take a look at those two Michigan DLs, Wormley and Charlton. Taco is fast around the edge. I like his length. He looks like one of those guys Jerry Reese of the Giants will try to go after.
How would KD Cannon compliment the Cowboys offense if selected by Dallas? Would he be a good fit across from Dez?
Mosley: He's probably a little more explosive than Terrance Williams, but he's had some concentration issues. He'll drop a ball on ya. He's a very willing blocker, but he's not as big as Terrance. He'd be a slight upgrade over Williams down the road. If that's what you want, he'd fit in fine.
Which would be a better pickup for Cowboys: Jason Pierre-Paul or DeMarcus Ware?
Mosley: Obviously Pierre-Paul because he's about seven years younger. But he's going to cost too much, even with the mangled fingers. I don't see him as a possibility at all.
For the full chat, click here
Derby County's duo Joe Ledley and Tom Lawrence both start for Wales in their World Cup qualifier against Georgia.
Ledley joined the Rams back in September, and scored on his debut for the club, in their 1-1 draw with Brentford.
The 30-year-old midfielder has 73 caps for his country, and will be in the Wales side to face Georgia this evening.
(Image: Getty Images)
Lawrence joined the Rams back in August, and has since made nine appearances for the club.
The 23-year-old currently has eight caps for his country, and started in their last two World Cup qualifying games which included wins over Austria and Moldova.
Wales are currently second in Group D of qualifying, and face tough tests against Georgia and the Republic of Ireland in order to book a place in next summer's finals in Russia.
Chris Coleman's side have never beaten Georgia, but a win would be enough to secure a top-two finish, should the Republic of Ireland fail to beat Moldova.
Senate President, Bukola Saraki, has revealed that the Senate has started the process of amending the Constitution to allow for the creation of state and community Police.
Saraki made the revelation via his verified Twitter handle, while details were provided on the Medium page of the Senate President.
He also listed the key actions the Nigerian Senate is currently focusing: “Constitutional amendment for State and community police, passage of police reform Bill, confirmation of new police service commission members, consideration of security summit report, constitutional review as it relates to role of national security agencies coordination.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The message leading up to the January transfer window and during it was consistent; Derby County wanted to trim a top-heavy squad and any incomings would be dictated by the outgoings, to an extent.
It is important to bear this in mind when judging whether or not it was a good window for the club.
Here are the facts.
A host of under-23 players, including Mason Bennett and Max Lowe, went out on loan - sensible and necessary moves for their development, because only so much can be learned about a young player within age-group football.
The senior players to depart were Jason Shackell (on loan to Millwall), Darren Bent (on loan to Burton Albion), Chris Martin (on loan to Reading) and Johnny Russell (permanent transfer to Sporting Kansas City).
Of the four, only Russell and Martin had contributed to the first team regularly this season. They have, in theory, been replaced by attacking midfielder Kasey Palmer and striker Cameron Jerome.
Bent had not made an appearance while Shackell played only two games, in the Carabao Cup. Both players are out-of-contract this summer and not likely to be offered new deals.
So, has the squad been left in a stronger or weaker state?
(Image: Derby County Football Club)
There is no definitive answer to that because the answer is down to opinion but, actually, the squad has changed little from the one that lifted Derby into second place in the Championship on the back of a 10-match unbeaten run in the League and a sequence of only two defeats in the last 22 league fixtures.
Not a lot of work was needed apart from a few tweaks here and there.
Rowett wanted to add "something different" to his options. Jerome is different to Martin, Palmer is different to Russell.
Jerome is full of Championship know-how. He has shown enough promise in his cameo roles as a substitute so far to suggest he can make a contribution. His first start must come soon.
Palmer is 21 and inexperienced. A player full of potential and raw talent, creative and unpredictable. He played a part in Huddersfield Town's promotion but he has played little football in the past year due to hamstring problems. It will be interesting to see how and where he figures in the plans.
Both Jerome and Palmer join many others in the squad who have promotion(s) on their CV, and that could be vital in the next three months or so.
One of many flaws of the transfer window system is that it messes with emotions.
Do lots of signings mean a successful window? Of course not.
Does a quiet window equate to a disappointing window? Of course not.
The success or not of a window depends very much on a team's current health and standing.
Rowett had said many times that Derby would not just add to the numbers, any new arrivals had to improve his options or bring that "something different".
Improving on what Derby already have been never going to be easy without splashing daft money, as clubs can tend to do in transfer windows. The Rams had irons in the fire on deadline day and there could have been more signings - Ademola Lookman, Jason Steele, James McClean, Kamil Grosicki all names in the frame.
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
Thankfully, the silliness of deadline day is behind us until next time and now we will see if Rowett's squad can get over the promotion finish line.
Is there enough in the squad to reach the Premier League?
The goalkeeper and defence looks as good as any in the division - 10 clean sheets in the last 13 league games - and only three goals conceded supports the statement.
The midfield is full of know-how, composure and quality on the ball.
Is there enough legs in there?
That has become less of an issue given Derby's 4-2-3-1 set up because provision of legs, energy, inter-changing and movement falls very much on the shoulders of the front four.
But it is in the forward department where concern lingers, where any slight disappointment surrounding Derby's window lies. Could they have added more? Should they have added more?
Only two teams - leaders Wolverhampton Wanderers (51) and Fulham (49) - have scored more goals than Derby's 44 but the Rams have failed to score in three of their last six league matches.
(Image: James Chance/Getty Images)
Tom Lawrence, Andreas Weimann, Ikechi Anya - back in favour - and Bradley Johnson will battle for the two wide attacking roles in the 4-2-3-1. Palmer also comes into the equation, now, although those who watched him at Huddersfield say his position is as a number 10.
The challenge facing Lawrence and Weimann is to up their consistency levels, end product and contribution of goals. Between them they have scored only five goals in 51 games, 41 of which have been starts.
Striker David Nugent has six goals in 25 games (20 starts) and only two in his last 12 appearances.
Derby cannot keep relying on top scorer Matej Vydra's goals and creativity, others have to chip in. Just one goal has come from the recognised central midfielders and just one from the centre-backs.
Derby must avoid becoming predictable in that area of the pitch in terms of being over-reliant on Vydra.
Four of the last six league games have ended in draws and it will prove so valuable if Derby can nick wins from tight contests, of which there will be many in the next 17 games.
Maybe this is where Palmer comes in, or even Johnson once fit, because he has shown he can grab a goal from that position on the left of the three behind the striker.
Derby sitting second at this stage is better than most people expected but they have Aston Villa, Cardiff City and Bristol City breathing down their neck.
Can they hold onto second spot?
Time will tell but what is clear now that the window has closed is there is no reason why this squad cannot finish in the top-six.
The last phase begins with the setting of replica tiles for the water feature
During the past year, work has been under way to re-create the Spirit of the Ocean Fountain. Thousands of hours later and with the generous support of the community, the carving phase was completed.
This week, the final phase of the project began with the setting of replica tiles for the water feature.
The original tile was uncovered in the demolition phase of the water feature. Nola Stucky of NS Ceramic has donated the tile being used to return the water feature to its original state.
The Spirit of the Ocean Fountain is a popular spot for visitors to take pictures, and for the past few years that opportunity had been crumbling away, one grain of sand at a time; until the Santa Barbara Courthouse Legacy Foundation accelerated its plan to replace the failing sculpted piece.
The Courthouse Legacy Foundation is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization whose mission it is to conserve, preserve and restore the architectural features of the courthouse for current and future visitors.
— Robert Ooley represents the Santa Barbara Courthouse Legacy Foundation.
For five years, local runway show Unmentionable brought lingerie to the Doug Fir. This year, it finally outgrew that venue, moving its biggest lineup yet to the two-story Mission Theater. On February 8, a slightly on-edge crowd temporarily forgot their worries as soon as infectiously happy emcee Marissa Sullivan hopped onstage. After an opening performance from fashion power dance team House of Flora—the three entertained us with flopping, twerking, and fan work, all in heels taller than a small child—we were ready to take in the runway looks. By the time Sullivan returned to the stage and yelled "Boobs are fun!” the audience didn't ever want to leave.
Lille Boutique
Lille is a mainstay in the Unmentionable community with its classic lingerie from indie designers around the world specializing in lovely bodysuits, bralettes, and panties in dreamy colors. This time around was no exception.
Fraulein Couture
Asymmetrical wraps over metallic undies. Draped crop tops over sexy briefs, velvet tap pants, and a comely jumpsuit with lace side panels. I had already internally declared this was my favorite collection I've seen from Fraulein, and then a flutter-sleeve gold robe hit the runway and I died.
Piper Dalton
Everyone loves Piper Dalton. It's cozy, it's sweet, and it's a line so homemade she spins the yarn before knitting it into soft silhouettes that cling lightly to the body in a way that's both comfortable and sexy.
Copper Union
This was the debut of lingerie for beloved plus size line Copper Union. Designer Claire Doody wrapped her babes in cute sheer skirts underneath bras built to support a full bosom. The see-through layers allowed the body to be seen in a playful peekaboo way.
Rogue Minx
All hail the bodysuit queen. Rogue Minx takes its strengths, mixing richly textured fabric and sexy sheers, and puts it into lingerie action. The results were edgy and sexy, with the chevron metallic bodysuits burned into my mind permanently.
Seeker Intimates
A newcomer to the Unmentionable lineup, Seeker set themselves apart by using straps to almost theatrical effect. From a touch here to a bodysuit nearly built from straps, the perfect balance came in a scene stealing pair of paneled high waist panties.
Changewear
Another new line, Changewear is quite innovative: all bras come with interchangeable colored bra cups and straps that can go crisscross, halter, or regular—basically multiple bras for the price of one. Unfortunately, they didn't put this feature on the runway.
Vava + Iron Oxide
These two design houses joined forces, with fan favorite Vava lingerie uniting their signature romantic lace in wearable silhouettes with Iron Oxide's edgy brass—including Wolverine-esque wrist pieces—for some always welcome runway drama.
Poetic Works Lingerie
Pretty brocades with back-knit panels show a designer who knows the value of business in the front and party in the back. The sweet and comfortable pieces make for excellent everyday wear.
Allihalla
A line that absolutely says “Let's not take ourselves too seriously”: think fun colors, heart panels on the booty, and pasties galore. Not a traditionally cohesive collection, but sass managed to tie the whole thing together.
Tush and Bush
Lace inset panels over striped knits work every time. These cute pieces, from the flared crop to panties that work for nearly any body type, were s-e-l-l-a-b-l-e.
Chubby Cartwheels
Designer Shawna Farmer used her runway time to show sweet pink velvet, wide-roll elastic to prevent dreaded underwear bunching, and the always alluring boob window. Models came out with signs proclaiming “Black Lives Matter” and “No Ban No Wall,” prompting the audience to leap to a standing ovation.
Aniela Parys
The Oregon native, who now lives in Barcelona, utilized her signature silhouette with soft triangle cups and high-waist bottoms in a variety of incarnations, with one all-sheer black number too pretty to forget.
CONCORD — BART officials now believe metallic dust is to blame for the mysterious power surges that knocked out nearly two dozen train cars Friday between two East Bay stations.
Related Articles BART's sexual assault awareness advice takes a creepy turn
Salvage process weighed for sunken barge atop BART Transbay Tube
Livermore: City Council to discuss BART extension
Oakland: Crews to check on barge that sank in bay on Saturday
BART: Bus bridge between Fruitvale, Lake Merritt stations this weekend; riders can expect 20-40 minute delays BART workers first started noticing problems with the cars at around 10:30 a.m. between the North Concord/Martinez and Pittsburg/Bay Point stations, said spokesman Jim Allison. The agency ultimately switched to shuttle trains at 1:30 p.m., after the power surges had disabled 22 train cars. They used the shuttle train until about 9:30 that night, when normal service resumed, he said.
Allison didn't have an exact figure Monday for the number of disabled trains that have since been repaired, but he said the car shortage is putting the agency in a bit of a bind. BART had 546 train cars in service Monday afternoon, but Allison said it typically aims to have about 595 cars running at any given time.
“It means that some trains are going to be a car short,” he said. “It doesn't equate to 49 trains (595 minus 546) because built into the 595 standard is a number that can be swapped out for bad cars during the day.”
It's not the first time that voltage spikes disabled BART cars. The agency dealt with similar problems last year — first in late February near the West Oakland station, and again in mid-March between the North Concord and Pittsburg stations. The mysterious power surges befuddled BART engineers, who spent weeks trying to identify a solution to the issue that appeared and then disappeared with little warning.
As of June last year, BART had spent approximately $2.24 million to diagnose the problem, including nearly $201,000 in consultant fees and more than $771,000 on new testing equipment. Allison said he could not immediately provide an updated amount for the total cost of diagnosing the problem since then. He also said he would not be able to provide a copy on Monday of the consultants' final report to BART, but he said BART workers were able to figure out the solution on their own.
The power issues afflicting the 22 cars on Friday appear to the be the result of a combination of factors, Allison said. One issue is the buildup of metallic dust on the underside of cars impacted by the electrical surging, he said.
BART generates metallic dust from grinding the rails, a practice the agency uses to reduce the screeching noise of wheels grating against the tracks, Allison said. The dust can conduct electricity, which becomes susceptible to flashes as the cars draw power from the track's third rail.
BART engineers noticed the dust was the thickest near tunnels and inside the Transbay Tube, where rain and wind cannot naturally wash it away. So, in response to the surging issues near the West Oakland station last year, crews started vacuuming the tracks after grinding the rails to remove some of that dust, Allison said.
But, the agency hadn't been as concerned with the dust at it's above-ground stations, he said, since the dust is removed naturally by rain and wind. But, over the course of the last month, BART workers had been diligently grinding the rails four nights a week between the North Concord and Pittsburg stations.
And, to top it off, Allison said that particular stretch of tracks is a little different than the rest of the BART system because it's on a hill, meaning the trains need a little extra juice to make it up and over.
“This particular section of track was designed to provide more power to trains than anywhere else on the BART system,” Allison said. “It is now thought that this rail grinding led to a buildup of metallic dust on rail cars.”
To address the issue, Allison said BART is in the process of purchasing magnets, which will sit on train cars that aren't carrying passengers to pick up the metallic dust left in the rail grinders' wake, a solution that Allison would be implemented as soon as next month.
—
A POLL has shown public disapproval of a postal plebiscite for marriage equality has increased over the last week.
The change in public mood follows intensified political and public controversy, The Guardian has reported.
A survey of 1,815 voters found 47 per cent disapproved of the plebiscite, with only 39 per cent supporting it.
Just a week before, a similar poll found a majority approved of a postal vote for marriage equality.
The rising public disapproval includes 37 per cent of Coalition voters who are against the plebiscite.
Despite concerns that young voters would be less likely to return the postal ballot, 43 per cent of voters aged 18 to 34 approved of the plebiscite, compared with 25 per cent of those over 55.
The postal plebiscite has been criticised by marriage equality advocates and progressive MPs, and last week a High Court challenge to stop it was announced.
Assuming the plebiscite goes ahead, pro–marriage equality voters have been urged not to boycott it on the grounds that it will give strength to the ‘no' vote.
The controversial plebiscite is set to cost the government $122 million if it goes ahead.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – Health leaders in the East gathered Friday to find ways to combat diabetes and obesity in minority communities.
The 14th annual Mills Health Symposium honors ECU alumna Jean Mills, who wanted to make a difference in the lives of African Americans.
Dozens of organizations gathered to show the strides they are making that impact people in those communities.
ECU student Aleah Johnson is just one of thousands in the East impacted by the effects of diabetes and obesity.
“My whole family; we've had four deaths due to complications from diabetes and my father also suffers from diabetes,” said Johnson.
Her purpose at the symposium is to learn.
“There are a lot of African Americans that are facing disparities that they do not realize, and I like to encourage people to educate themselves to what's going on around them,” Johnson added.
ECU Dean of Allied Health Sciences Robert Orlikoff said Friday's presentation has everything Johnson hopes to learn and more.
“This year's topic is a prime example,” said Orlikoff. :We are looking at social determinants or social behaviors and social factors that have contributed to obesity and diabetes epidemic.”
In addition to free blood sugar tests, each organization presented ways they combat the issue.
“It's really a unique opportunity because it's not a town meeting and is not an academic seminar but really a chance for all of to get together and say here's the problem here is what's contributing to it what can we do to make a difference,” said Orlikoff
The keynote speaker for Friday's event was Dr. Leandris Libird from the CDC.
She talked today about identifying strategies to reduce racial and ethnic disparities in Greenville.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Haye and Tony Bellew are returning to the ring again.
The pair fought in March 2017 and it ended in a surprise result when odds-on Haye was defeated in the 11th round.
However, that match is perhaps best remembered for Haye suffering an Achilles injury mid-bout.
It has taken a year to get back into the ring after the first attempt on December 17 last year was called off.
That was due to another Haye injury, in this case his bicep, but the Brits are ready to rumble again.
Here's all you need to know:
When does the fight take place?
The rematch takes place on Saturday, May 5, at the O2 Arena in London.
What time will it start?
The ring walk should begin around 10pm UK time, depending on if the fight schedule is running on time.
Is it on TV?
The fight will be aired on Sky Box Office, details on how to purchase will be announced closer to the fight.
What are their records?
Tony Bellew
Fights - 32
Wins - 29
KO - 19
Losses - 2
Draws - 1
Read More Forthcoming boxing matches Groves-Smith
Haye-Bellew
Joshua-Parker
Golovkin-Canelo
David Haye
Fights - 31
Wins - 28
KO - 26
Losses - 3
Draws - 0
What are the odds?
Bellew 7/4
Draw 25/1
Haye 4/9
Odds from Ladbrokes
CHICAGO (March 19, 2018) — In its 33rd year of honoring the nation's best high school athletes, The Gatorade Company, today announced Samantha Brunelle of William Monroe High School as its 2017-18 Gatorade Virginia Girls Basketball Player of the Year. Brunelle is the first Gatorade Virginia Girls Basketball Player of the Year to be chosen from William Monroe High School.
The award, which recognizes not only outstanding athletic excellence, but also high standards of academic achievement and exemplary character demonstrated on and off the field, distinguishes Brunelle as Virginia's best high school girls basketball player.
Now a finalist for the prestigious Gatorade National Girls Basketball Player of the Year award announced in March, Brunelle joins an elite alumni association of past state girls basketball award-winners, including Maya Moore (2005-06 Collins Hill HS, Ga.), Rashanda McCants (2004-05, Asheville HS, N.C.), Candace Parker (2001-02, Naperville Central HS, Ill.), Diana Taurasi (1998-99 & 1999-00, Don Antonio Lugo HS, Calif.), Shyra Ely (1999-00, Ben Davis HS, Ind.) and Lisa Leslie (1988-89, Morningside HS, Calif.).
The 6-foot-3 junior guard and forward averaged 30.0 points, 15.6 rebounds, 3.5 assists, 3.0 blocks and 2.2 steals per game this past season, leading the Dragons (23-2) to the Class 3 state quarterfinals. A USA TODAY Third-Team All-American selection as a sophomore, Brunelle was a member of the USA Basketball Under-16 Women's National Team that won a gold medal at the 2017 FIBA Americas U16 Championship in Argentina. She is rated as the nation's No. 1 recruit in the Class of 2019 by both espnW and the Blue Star Basketball Report and concluded her junior year with 2,000 points and 1,139 rebounds in her prep basketball career.
Brunelle organized and hosted the Hoops for Houston Clinic this fall to benefit Houston-area schools after Hurricane Harvey. She has volunteered locally as a youth mentor and has donated her time to multiple community service initiatives as part of William Monroe's National Honor Society.
“What makes Samantha so dangerous on the court is that she's a threat from anywhere,” said Christine Simmons, head coach of Warren County High. “Whether it's inside the paint or beyond the 3-point line. She is a complete basketball player and can play any position or produce from any location on the court.”
Brunelle has maintained a weighted 4.15 GPA in the classroom. She will begin her senior year of high school this fall.
The Gatorade Player of the Year program annually recognizes one winner in the District of Columbia and each of the 50 states that sanction high school football, girls volleyball, boys and girls cross-country, boys and girls basketball, boys and girls soccer, baseball, softball, and boys and girls track & field, and awards one National Player of the Year in each sport. The selection process is administered by the Gatorade Player of the Year Selection Committee, which work with top sport-specific experts and a media advisory board of accomplished, veteran prep sports journalists to determine the state winners in each sport.
Brunelle joins recent Gatorade Virginia Girls Basketball Players of the Year Megan Walker (2016-17 & 2015-16, Monacan High School), Taja Cole (2014-15, L.C. Bird High School), Dorothy Adomako (2013-14, Cosby High School), Breyana Mason (2012-13, Forest Park High School), Caroline Coyer (2011-12, Oakton High School), Elizabeth Williams (2010-11 & 2009-10, Princess Anne High School), Tierra Ruffin-Pratt (2008-09 & 2007-08, T.C. Williams High School), and Jasmine Thomas (2006–07, Oakton High School) among the state's list of former award winners.
As a Gatorade Player of the Year, Samantha will be able to select a national or local youth sports organization to receive a grant as part of the Gatorade Play It Forwards program. Every Gatorade Player of the Year state winner receives a $1,000 grant to donate and will have the opportunity to enter for an additional $10,000 spotlight grant by writing a brief essay explaining why their selected organization deserves additional support. 12 spotlight grants – one for each sport – will be announced throughout the year.
To keep up to date on the latest happenings, become a fan of Gatorade Player of the Year on Facebook and follow the conversation on Twitter #GatoradePOY. For more on the Gatorade Player of the Year program, including nomination information, a complete list of past winners and the announcement of the Gatorade National Player of the Year, visit http://playeroftheyear.gatorade.com/.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Extra police officers wielding new powers are patrolling the streets of Birmingham city centre in a bid to clampdown on night-time violence involving gangs of youths.
Police officers patrolled in force on Friday night using new stop and search powers to tackle teenage thugs following four nights of violence.
The move follows a spate of incidents since Monday night, when a 17-year-old was stabbed in the leg and hands on Park Street, Digbeth.
Then on Tuesday three officers were assaulted as they dealt with a large group of youngsters fighting in Dale End, with reports of knives and hammers being used.
On Wednesday, crowds gathered and were dispersed by officers. Just after 6pm, there were reports of youths fighting in The Square.
And on Thursday there were reports of up to 80 youths in the area, with West Midlands Police saying there were small pockets of trouble. They were dispersed by officers.
Four youths have been arrested. This includes a 16-year-old, from Rednal , who has been charged with assaulting two officers, while the others have been released pending investigation.
A spokeswoman for West Midlands Police said extra police officers have been patrolling and there were no problems on Friday night.
She said: “We did have extra officers in the city centre on Friday night to make use of the temporary search powers. The powers will be used on anyone officers suspect may be intent on causing trouble and people will notice an increased police presence in the area.
“There were no problems on Friday night and no arrests made. We're keeping the situation under review.”
One of the officers attacked on Tuesday suffered swelling and bruising to his head and face, while the others were not injured.
Supt Ian Green, who oversees Birmingham city centre policing, said: “We don't use these powers lightly, but it's completely unacceptable for youngsters to come into Birmingham city centre with weapons and assault police officers and cause alarm for people going about their business.
“We're liaising with community groups to get to the bottom of what lies behind this apparent increase in tension, with the aim of preventing any further trouble.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Anyone who comes into the city centre with the intention of getting involved in trouble can expect to be swiftly dealt with by officers.”
He said detectives were examining CCTV to identify culprits and carrying out extensive enquiries to identify those responsible.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
An interministerial report issued late Tuesday on polygamy in the Bedouin community drew criticism from all sides, as it tried to balance between discouraging the practice while recognizing that it cannot be immediately eliminated in light of complex realities.
On one hand, the interministerial committee, led by Justice Ministry director-general Emi Palmor, advocated tougher enforcement of the country's anti-polygamy laws. On the other hand, the report surprisingly endorses permitting Israel-based Sharia Courts to register marriages for a man with up to two women under specific circumstances.
Currently, Israel considers entering into a polygamous marriage a crime, but it does not provide for nullifying such marriages, and cases against polygamous individuals have been almost nonexistent.Historically, while the country's Jewish majority, governed by more modern and secular democratic principles, frowns on the practice, it has been hesitant to risk a culture war with the Bedouin minority, preferring to mostly let Bedouin govern themselves.According to the report, there are 6,200 polygamous marriages in Israel, representing a stunning 18.5% of families in the approximately 250,000-person Bedouin sector. This represents an even higher polygamy rate than in Egypt, Jordan and the Palestinian Authority.What is more, the report explained that many women in polygamous marriages do not have an obvious way to leave those marriages, even if they are unhappy.In the Bedouin community, divorce is frowned upon and can lead to mothers losing custody of their children, and it can be difficult for women to economically support themselves.These same economic, family and social pressures are often what get women to agree to polygamous marriages in the first place.Accordingly, the state's focus is mostly on preventing future polygamous marriages by filing more criminal cases and an education and economic campaign to free young Bedouin women from feeling that they have no choice on the issue.In order to increase enforcement, the state has instructed the police to monitor announcements of weddings in Bedouin publications, and the country's Sharia Courts have been recruited to help detect violators.Public officials, including some in the Sharia Courts, who remain in polygamous marriages will be forced to resign from their posts.The report also recommends campaigns to provide Bedouin women with job skills and opening 800 new preschools so that women with children can have their time freed up to work and become economically independent.However, the report has drawn criticism from some Bedouin, including a former prominent Sharia Court judge, who say that it is part of a range of initiatives to target and destroy Bedouin culture, and from some Jewish groups that say the report tolerates and endorses polygamy.Regarding the surprising recommendation to permit marriages to a maximum of two women, the report says that this is temporary permission to try to get all persons to apply for permission to the court before they enter polygamous marriages, as opposed to the current situation, where they usually apply after the polygamous marriages are already sealed.There will be limits stipulating that polygamous marriages can be permitted only in special circumstances, such as if the first wife cannot have children, is very sick, or if the couple prefers to split up without a formal divorce.The report treats the idea of immediate elimination of polygamy as unrealistic and that setting a two-wives limit and a steady reduction is the best long-term strategy to eliminating the phenomenon.However, a number of Jewish groups slammed the report for formally endorsing any amount of polygamy. They said that the report puts little real emphasis on law enforcement and is mostly bolstering polygamy by granting new legitimacy and resources to those involved in the practice.The groups said that polygamy must be framed clearly as a criminal act and eliminated quickly and not be treated with an incremental long-term plan.The committee started its work in January 2017.
Bigg Boss 11 : Arshi Khan takes REVENGE from Hiten - Shilpa Shinde in NOMINATION task | FilmiBeat
Bigg Boss 11 is getting interesting with each passing day. After a lot of fun and emotional moments during the weekend episodes, now the contestants will have to face nominations. It has to be recalled that last week, the voting lines were closed and there was no elimination, but in this week, the eviction is imminent.
Today (December 11), Bigg Boss will announce the nomination task. Read on to know more about the task and also check out who is getting nominated this week...
Nomination Task – Two Teams The contestants are divided into two teams: team red (Shilpa, Hiten, Luv and Priyank) and team blue (Vikas, Akash Hina and Puneesh). Nomination Task Rules The garden area is divided into two parts and in between, two trees are placed with apples hanging on it - the apples have the contestants' photos. Arshi Has The Power! According to the task, the tree which has more apples on the tree will win the task. Arshi Khan, who is the captain, has the power to nominate contestants by giving reasons. Arshi To Take Advantage Of Her Power! According to the promo, now that Arshi has power, she will be seen taking advantage of it! She tells the blue team that each and every person from the other team will have to convince her personally to save them from nominations. Vikas Wants Arshi Not To Be Predictable! Vikas asks Arshi not to be predictable. He asks her to make the game interesting. Arshi will be seen telling Vikas that she will participate in the game completely. Arshi Khan's Game! In the promo, Arshi will be seen telling the teams that she will compare both the teams, while Puneesh asks Arshi to look into those who broke her trust. Arshi Saves Akash! She will also tell the teams that she will save Akash as he was the one who has been with her in every situation! We know that Arshi hates Shilpa, and after yesterday (December 10) episode, she starts hating Hiten as well. Arshi Nominates Shilpa & Hiten! Arshi will be seen nominating Shilpa and Hiten for sure! According to the latest update, the red team, which consists of Shilpa, Hiten, Luv and Priyank will be getting nominated for eviction, this week! Luv Trapped! Looks like makers guessed Arshi's move. But they have trapped Luv! Will luck save Luv again? Stay locked to this space for the latest update of the show...
Bigg Boss 11 Highlights: Akash Is Not Sent To Secret Room; Vikas Calls Hina 'Chalu'!
The data was collected, the numbers crunched and the results are in: science needs a rebranding.
A recent Pew Research Centre poll found that while the vast majority of people—79 per cent—believe in the value of science, huge minorities have serious doubts about the scientific consensus on everything from vaccines to nuclear power.
The gap between scientific consensus and public understanding is tricky. For one thing, it's among the reasons we can't muster a sustained global effort to combat climate change. And it turns out, the gap can't be closed with more facts.
Culture and past experience shape our world views more than objective evidence. The phenomenon is called “cultural cognition,” and it's one of the reasons a full third of people doubt humans have evolved over time, despite the 98 per cent of scientists who agree on evolution.
Simply put: peer pressure wins out over academics. But a shift in science communication can change that, making it as relatable as our peers.
Since the person delivering information is as important as the facts, the argument for diversity in STEM is even stronger. It's incredibly important to break the stereotype of the old white-haired man speaking in jargon. In the halls of academia, on our television screens and in town-hall events, we need scientists to look, act and communicate more like the regular public.
For science to inform society it needs to be embedded in culture. When famous hip hop artist GZA visits public schools around New York challenging students to rap about science, he's doing more to draw people in than anyone fiddling with a Bunsen burner.
And the science backs this up.
A new study from the researchers at Yale University's Cultural Cognition Project found that scientific curiosity is a powerful antidote to partisanship. While scientific literacy allows people to select evidence that supports pre-existing beliefs, people who are scientifically curious—rather than scientifically trained—are willing to engage with ideas opposing their own.
For science to inform society it needs to be embedded in culture
And that's the first step to bridging the gap between scientists and society.
“Science is being used to be right, instead of curious,” says Mary Anne Moser, co-founder and CEO of science communications firm Beakerhead.
“Science needs to be less judgmental, more inclusive and open to being wrong, all the things we're working on as a society as well.”
This Earth Day, thousands of scientists will descend on Washington to protest budget cuts to their departments. The science seems to suggest that when people in lab coats align with one political side, they only drive people further away.
Instead, scientists need to stoke our wonder.
None of this is a surprise to Andrew Swinand, North America CEO for advertising giant Leo Burnett, who says scientists can learn from the successes of social movements and advertisers.
“The magic happens when the IQ intersects with the EQ,” he says. “When facts and data reach people on a human level in a way that's emotionally compelling.”
With a bit of curiosity, art and emotion, we can rebrand science and bring it into more people's lives.
Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. For more dispatches from WE, check out WE Stories.
NEW YORK (AP) — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged her live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through her short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of her songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.” Her representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard she said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
RELATED: Mariah Carey rep: Technical problems bungle New Year's show
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set her up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and she flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when she got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that her earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavoring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for her rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stallholders at Derby's only traditional open-air market are concerned about its long-term future after Derby City Council carried out a staffing restructure.
They say that the city council has also failed to paint the 90 covered stalls at Allenton Market and does not advertise its weekly openings on Friday and Saturday to attract more stallholders and customers.
The market, which was opened on its current Osmaston Road site in 1961, is still popular with customers but stallholders believe more people would use it if they knew it was there.
Stallholder Adrian Else, of Swadlincote, contacted the Derby Telegraph to say that a rumour was going around that the market would be closing as soon as April because people had picked up on market staff changes.
He said: “They have put this together, taken into account the lack of decorative care they see around the place and the rumours of closure over the years, and some of them have not been buying in stock because they are so worried about the future.”
Largely unwelcome plans to re-site the market, put it indoors, reduce it to 65 stalls and open it daily, which were developed when Tesco wanted to build a new superstore on the land, fell through after the supermarket giant withdrew its plans altogether in 2014-2015.
Since then, a Derby City Council markets review has been taking place – although the results have not been published so far – but in the past couple of years the council has sold the Eagle Market to Intu Derby, sold off Derby Cattle Market site for redevelopment and is aiming to refurbish the Market Hall in the city centre.
The council issued an initial statement to the Derby Telegraph that said: “Allenton Market is not scheduled to be closed in April. There has been a restructured of reporting lines and responsibilities meaning certain roles will be merged with other positions. All staff will have the opportunity to apply for the newly created positions.”
But this did not reassure stallholders who called on the council to commit itself to keeping the market going for future generations.
Not all of the stalls are occupied at the market but, at £11 a day, the type and quality of them is very varied and includes bric-a-brac, clothing, electrical items, food, greengrocery, greetings cards, toys, household items and carpets.
Mary Grundle, of Sunny Hill, has run a gift card stall at the market for the past five years and said: “We need to know what is happening. As it is, we go along from week to week and would be happy to paint and renovate our stalls if we were allowed.”
Her sentiments were shared by Mike Powell, who has been running a grocery stall at the market for about six years. He also visits other markets but thinks that the Allenton one is the best. He said: “This is a good market and, no matter what the weather, it is covered and has an electric supply to the stalls.
“It would be a real shame to lose it because it is such an integral part of the community.”
Another stallholder, Cheryl Gemmell, of Borrowash, has been running her trainer stall for about five years. She said: “You could not get a more diverse community coming together than here at Allenton Market.
“But the council needs to update things and make it a great place for people to visit and work. Many people rely on this place for their livelihoods and we need to feel more supported.”
One stallholder who did not want to be named has been at the market for around 40 years. Her clothing stall is popular but she says that making a living is harder now than in years gone by, especially with the advent of online shopping.
She said: “I am glad I don't have to live on the money or I would starve to death but it is about time the council did something to make this place better for customers. I feel sorry for anyone relying on the income from the market. I have not been buying stock in advance as I usually do because of not knowing what is going to happen next.”
Chris Thomas, who has a large and popular fruit and veg stall, arrives with a lorry each week to sell his produce. On Sundays, he manages Melton Mowbray Market and says it would be simple to improve Allenton Market.
He said: “More advertising is key. The market already has a large population of potential customers nearby and these need telling that we are here. I think people also need certainty because there are market traders who would love to be here if they knew there was a long-term future.”
The sunny Friday morning seemed to attract plenty of customers, who had dozens of stalls to look around. Among them was 91-year-old Ada Hudson, who said it would be the “end of her” if the market was ever to close.
She travels on her mobility scooter from Alvaston each week to buy items and also to see some of the stallholders, who she has come to look on as friends over the years.
Mrs Hudson said: “Please do not take the market away. I have been coming here ever since it opened and I love it. It's the most beautiful place and it just needs making better for the people who work here.”
It is also a popular destination with Meryl Turnpenny, also of Alvaston, who visits the market every week mainly on Friday but occasionally Saturday.
She said: “I love to come here and wander around. This week I have found a bargain coat and last week I bought a dress. I would really miss it if it wasn't here. I remember the first time coming here, because I lived in Allenton then. It was shortly after I got married in the 1960s.”
Another regular visitor is Edward Waring, who said: “It's great because you can bag plenty of bargains.”
The Derby Telegraph has been back to the city council to ask more about its plans for the future of Allenton Market on behalf of the stallholders and customers.
A council spokesman pointed out that no representations had come to the authority directly from stallholders.
He said: “There are currently no plans to close Allenton Market. All council services and properties are regularly reviewed to ensure they are providing value for money and to determine whether there are opportunities to deliver services in different ways.
“With regards to advertising, departments have set budgets with which they have to prioritise to ensure that the people of Derby receive value for money.
“Allenton Market is currently supported by our ‘buy one stall get one free', and we also support local charities by offering them a stall for £1 on certain days. Stallholders also advertise their attendance at the market, which attracts footfall."
By Peter Egwuatu
Activities on the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) for the third consecutive day on Wednesday closed on a negative trend, with Nestle Nigeria Plc , and Unilever Nigeria Plc, leading the cream of losers.
Nestle Nigeria Plc, a highly capitalised equity, topped the losers' chart with a loss of N10.00 per share to close at N1,500 per share. It was followed by Unilever Nigeria Plc d with a loss of N3.75 to close at N51.25 per share, while Nigerian Breweries lost N2.90 per share to close at N111 per share.
Other loser include Forte Oil Plc which went down by N2.90 per share to close at N26.10, while Conoil Plc dropped by N2.50 per share to close at N27.50 per share.
Consequently, the All-Share Index which opened at 37,499.07 shed 106.05 points or 0.28 per cent to close at 37,605.12 points.
Also, the market capitalisation declined by N38 billion or 0.28 per cent to close at N13.584 trillion compared to N13.622 trillion recorded on Tuesday.
On the other hand, Eterna Oil led the gainers' table increasing by 50kobo per share to close at N7.00 per share.
Guaranty Trust Bank followed with a gain of 40kobo to close at N40.00 per share, while Zenith Bank Plc gained 30kobo to close at N24.30 per share.
FCMB Group advanced by 20kobo to close at N2.28, while Dangote Cement Industries also grew by 20kobo to close at N223.oo per share.
However, the volume of shares traded rose by 96.49 per cent, while the value increased by 18.11 per cent.
Specifically, investors bought and sold 505.74 million shares valued at N3.13 billion exchanged in 3,354 deals, as against 257.39 million shares worth N2.65 billion in 3,932 deals on Tuesday,
by
First Friday in Chestertown is always a treat, but for June, the Downtown Chestertown Association is putting on a show you won't want to miss! A varied array of sights, sounds, and tastes awaits visitors of all ages from 5 to 8 p.m. — and beyond! — June 1, all over the downtown shopping area.
First of all, to welcome Washington College alumni back for their annual alumni weekend, the Dover English Country Dancers will be putting on a show of Colonial-era dancing in honor of Martha Washington's birthday. Come to the High Street side of Fountain Park to see the dancers – and to get a lesson in 18th-century dancing! While you're at the park, be sure to check out the Kent Center Summer Bake Sale, proceeds of which will support programming for adults with developmental disabilities here in Kent County.
Fans of more modern music and dancing should check out Sumner Hall's “Uptown Cabaret” – a celebration of Charlie Graves' famous Uptown Club, with live music by Best Kept Soul recreating the Motown era of the ‘50s and ‘60s between 8 and 10 p.m. at 206 S. Queen St. There will be only one show, so be sure to get your tickets in advance. Space is limited, so call 410-778-6300 to make a reservation; tickets are $25, and there will be a cash bar available.
For art lovers, Massoni Gallery's annual exhibit of Marcy Dunn Ramsey's work – this year called “Tangles & Knots” – is a must-see. In addition to Ramsey's evocations of the river and its environs, this month's exhibit includes Catherine Kernan's woodcuts, photographs by Michael Kahn, new work from Vicco von Voss and a great garden bench by Rob Glebe!
A little farther up High Street, the Artists' Gallery will open with a body of new oil paintings by Jeanne Saulsbury in “From the Land of Pleasant Living.” Jody Primoff will also be featured and will be showing her paintings created in mixed media, acrylic, ink, and watercolor.
Book lovers will want to drop by Twigs and Teacups. 111 S Cross St., to meet author Gail Priest. Eastern Shore Shorts is Gail's new release of short stories all set in familiar towns on the Eastern Shore, including Chestertown! Get your copy inscribed by Gail.
There are special guests and activities at plenty of other downtown shops, as well. Welcome Home is hosting River Warrior Yoga and Purple Lilly Studios. The Finishing Touch is hosting Big Brothers Big Sisters, while Gabriel's of Chestertown is hosting the Soroptimists, She-She is hosting Kent Cares, and The Historical Society of Kent County is hosting the Daughters of the American Revolution. And don't miss the new juried June exhibit opening Friday at River Arts located in the gallery behind Dunkin' Donuts.
Looking for something to entertain the kids? Drop them off for a fun night of art-making at Kid's Night at Kaleidoscope, 312 Cannon St.! This kids-only art party will include painting, tie-dying, and art games from 5 to 7 p.m. For ages 4 and up, $20 admission. While you're there, ask about summer art classes for kids.
Early birds can enjoy a Fish Fry at Janes Church beginning at 11 a.m. – if you're looking for something tasty for lunch, stop by the corner of Cannon and Cross and help support this historic church.
There will also be tasty snacks and little sips available in shops and galleries all over town. Or drop by Bad Alfred's Distilling or the Pub at the Imperial all evening long.
What could possibly top First Friday? Well, June is the beginning of the National Music Festival – a month-long celebration of the musical arts all over Kent County.
Check out the concert schedule and be ready to be amazed!
Kathy reports on the oldest charitable organization in Phoenix.
It's one of the most well known balls on the Phoenix social calender. And it's a 102 year old tradition!
It's the 102nd Annual Charity Ball is hosted by the Board of Visitors and boasts Phoenix most well knowns and influential philantrhopic families.
The very formal presentation of 48 Flower Girls in white gowns. Cindy Good, Chairman of The Board of Visitors, says, “In a world wherewe are constantly asked to upgrade and change, we are thankful that this time honored tradition remains."As we enter our 110th year as an organization, the members of The Board of Visitors recognize and are grateful for the generosity of those who have supported our events allowing us to fulfill our mission.”
Charity Ball Chairman Betsy Haenel added, “I am so proud to carry on the tradition of our organization's cherished, signature fundraiser. This beautiful event is treasured by our Flower Girl families and guests who value our commitment to the needs of our community.”
Established in 1908, The Board of Visitors is the oldest charitable organization in Arizona. Since its inception, The Board of Visitors has granted more than 19 million dollars to local nonprofit organizations in the greater Phoenix community serving the healthcare needs of women, children and the elderly.
In this May 22, 2018 photo, a staff member works in a circuit board manufacturing facility in Hangzhou in eastern China's Zhejiang province. A monthly survey shows that Chinese factory activity rose to an eight-month high in May 2018, in a positive sign for the world's no. 2 economy. (Chinatopix via AP)
Marvel's Jessica Jones is returning to Netflix for a second season on March 8, 2018 at 12:01 AM PT.
The series that dovetails with the five other Marvel series on Netflix including Marvel's Daredevil, Marvel's Luke Cage, Marvel's Iron Fist, Marvel's The Defenders, and Marvel's The Punisher.
About the series:
New York City private investigator Jessica Jones (Krysten Ritter) is beginning to put her life back together after murdering her tormenter, Kilgrave. Now known throughout the city as a super-powered killer, a new case makes her reluctantly confront who she really is while digging deeper into her past to explore the reasons why.
Watch the teaser trailer below.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for Entercom stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have announced local clothing brand Luke 1977 as their official kit partner.
Luke 1977, owned by Villa fan Luke Roper, and Fanatics will take over from Under Armour and assist in designing the club's new strip.
It's believed the wheels are already in motion with regards to Villa's new kits and they are expected to be revealed earlier than July, which was the case last year.
This won't be the first time Luke 1977 has dabbled in the football kits industry, though. They have appeared on the front of a football shirt before, as Dan Whitehouse's picture shows below.
(Image: DanWhitehouse23/Twitter)
It's not known whether Luke 1977 designed the kit in the picture, but it did appear as its sponsor.
The announcement on Monday has created plenty of excitement amongst Villa fans with the club suggesting this is a ‘groundbreaking' agreement.
Roper, who founded the brand in 2001, told Villa: “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
More Villa news
Christian Benteke was placed on Aston Villa's scouting database by Alex McLeish, BirminghamLive can reveal.
Paul Lambert signed the Belgian striker in 2012 for £6million from Genk - but it was actually his fellow Scot McLeish who identified Benteke.
Benteke, who now plies his trade for Crystal Palace after his £30m switch to Liverpool backfired, spent three years at Villa Park and scored the goals to preserve their top flight status under Lambert and, latterly, Tim Sherwood.
But it wasn't Lambert or scout Paddy Riley who pinpointed Benteke as a potential target. McLeish marked him out as one to watch shortly after he made the ill-fated move across the Second City from Birmingham City.
McLeish, now manager of Scotland, was bemused to arrive at Villa and discover the club hadn't
Benteke, who scored 49 goals in 101 appearances in claret and blue, was put forward to McLeish by scout Arthur Numan.
Numan watched Benteke regularly whilst he was playing for Genk - a club McLeish would later manage - and thought Villa could grab themselves a bargain.
McLeish's appointment at Villa Park came at a time when owner Randy Lerner was reining in the spending. Previous managers Martin O'Neill and Gerard Houllier had been backed heavily in the transfer market and Lerner demanded cuts were made.
McLeish was asked to reduce the wage bill and decided to expand Villa's scouting horizons in the hope of snaring a few gems.
The decision to include Benteke's name on the database he installed and ensure Numan and other scouts continued to watch the 6ft 4in frontman was key in the club's decision to sign him.
Papiss Cisse, who eventually joined Newcastle United and fired them to a fifth-placed finish, was another player on the database, as was Gylfi Sigurdsson.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Miranda Hart has apologised to fans after illness forced her to miss performances of West End show Annie.
The comedian and Call The Midwife star, 44, is currently playing Miss Hannigan in the musical at the Piccadilly Theatre but had to miss six days due to a throat infection.
She posted a message on Twitter on Monday saying it was "gutting" to miss the show.
She said: "All actors will concur, the worst thing about the job, getting ill.
"Hate letting anyone down.
"Been gutting to be away from @AnnieMusicalUK but voice stronger every day."
She added: "I'm SO sorry to all fans coming long distances.
"I now know the hazard of my new love - musical theatre."
A representative for Hart said: "Following a consultation with her doctor, it appears that Miranda is suffering from an on-going throat infection and as a result she is not able to perform today (August 14).
"As Annie does not play Tuesdays, she is very much hoping that she will be back for her next scheduled performance on Wednesday (August 16)."
By Ikechukwu Amaechi
ON May 29, 2015, General Muhammadu Buhari, former military head of state, took oath of office as Nigeria's fifth democratically elected executive president.
It was historic. Not only did Buhari win on his fourth attempt, a doggedness that is uncommon in these shores, he dislodged an incumbent and his political party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), touted as the largest party in sub-Saharan Africa.
Buhari's All Progressives Congress (APC) birthed on February 6, 2013, barely two years before the momentous elections and its “change” mantra resonated so well that Nigerians who had come to associate PDP's 16 years in power with impunity and waste, had no hesitation identifying with it.
The president's inaugural speech where he pledged to belong to everybody and yet to nobody also resonated well. In him, many Nigerians ululated they had found the messiah, envisioning the Nigeria of their dream under his watch. Simply put, Buhari's ascendancy was acclaimed in some quarters as the much-awaited answer to the country's leadership conundrum.
But three years after, the euphoria has waned significantly.
A joke I came across recently on the social media which promised handsome reward to anyone who can name any project started and completed by the Buhari administration encapsulates the mood.
Successful abduction and safe return
The only person who volunteered an answer according to the joke, changed his mind because the only project that crossed his mind was the “successful abduction and safe return of Dapchi schoolgirls.” That was before he remembered that the 15-year-old Leah Sharibu was still in the custody of Boko Haram terrorists. So, even that “project” remains uncompleted.
Such jokes with implicit innuendoes are unkind, no doubt, but they reflect the prevalent mood of Nigerians.
Expectations were dizzying, fueled in part by the well-oiled APC propaganda machine.
When the naira strengthened against the dollar and even the epileptic power supply seemed to have improved shortly after the inauguration, “body language,” was quickly added to the country's political lexicon. The enthralling picture of a leader who doesn't even need to talk to get things done, was vigorously painted on the country's leadership canvass.
Not anymore. Granted, the president's support base that he daily nourishes with political red meat still remains faithful, but there are no new recruits.
Any sober and diligent assessment of Buhari's performance must take cognizance of his promises as a candidate.
Unfortunately, he has disavowed his well-publicized March 16, 2015 contract with Nigerians, an 11-point covenant with the people which spelt out his government's blueprint to confront corruption, insecurity and infrastructure decay.
If elected president, Buhari vowed he would lead by example, pledging to publicly declare his assets and liabilities and encourage his appointees to do same.
On corruption and governance, he made the “I believe if Nigeria does not kill corruption; corruption will kill Nigeria” statement, arguably his best punch-line in this dispensation.
“No matter how vast our resources,” he said, “If they are not efficiently utilized, they will only benefit a privileged few, leaving the majority in poverty.”
To ensure this does not happen, he vowed to “show personal leadership in the war against corruption and also hold all the people who work with me to account.”
So, how well has the president delivered on security, economy and anti-graft war?
On the economy, his supporters insist he has done well. They point to the foreign reserves which hit $47.37 billion on April 5, tout the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP), the quick recovery from recession and the decline in rice and fertilizer importations.
They also hoist the seeming stability in the financial system on the totem pole of achievements.
But comparing the lowest point of Buhari's stewardship with the highest, which seems to be the case here, and using that to extrapolate and generalise is grossly misleading and mischievous.
For instance, when it is claimed that the president's managerial savvy propelled Nigeria to exit recession, what is not said is that the country was not in recession before Buhari came to power.
Nigeria's economy experienced a negative GDP growth of -1.6 per cent in 2016, one year into Buhari's presidency and the first in 24 years, leading to increases in unemployment, under-employment and poverty.
In December 2017, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) released an unemployment survey which indicated that more than eight million Nigerians became unemployed between January 2016 and September 30, 2017. The report further said the number of unemployed Nigerians rose under this dispensation from 8,036 million in Q4 2015 to 15.998 million in Q3 2017.
“The unemployment rate increased from 14.2 per cent in Q4 2016 to 16.2 per cent in Q2 2017 and 18.8 per cent in Q3 2017. The number of people within the labour force who are unemployed or underemployed increased from 13.6 million and 17.7 million respectively in Q2 2017, to 15.9 million and 18.0 million in Q3 2017,” the report stated.
The recession was avoidable
Also, while it is good to hear that the inflation rate has fallen from 19 per cent in January 2017 to 12.5 per cent in April, 2018, the fact remains that inflation was at single digit before Buhari's presidency.
Exchange rate, which seems to have stabilized at N360 to a dollar from an all-time high of over N500 hovered around N197/N215 to a dollar before Buhari.
Pundits agree that the recession was avoidable. It only needed a different kind of leadership for that to happen, not a president that took six months to constitute a cabinet and two years to reconstitute boards of parastatals, actions that unsettled foreign investors and the Nigerian business community, leading to massive outflows of foreign portfolio investment.
On security, Buhari's failings are legion. While it is true, as his loyalists keep reminding Nigerians that the timidity of former President Goodluck Jonathan allowed Boko Haram terrorists to occupy 23 local government areas, it is also true that Nigerians expected much more from Buhari.
Truth be told, three years after promising that Boko Haram would be decimated in three months, the terrorists have not been defeated, technically or otherwise.
Instead, Nigeria has become a huge killing field with Fulani herdsmen, which Global Terrorism Index named the fourth deadliest terror group in the world, wreaking havoc.
On the anti-corruption front, the jury is still out on the administration's score card.
Granted, many chieftains of the immediate past administration have been hauled before judges to account for mainly campaign-related funds, perceptive Nigerians insist that even on this score, President Buhari has performed below par.
When a president who promised to lead from the front on the anti-graft war fails to fulfil his pledge of publicly declaring his assets, it leaves much to be desired.
Regime buffeted by corruption scandals
A regime buffeted by corruption scandals such as the Mainagate, Babachirgate, the petroleum subsidy, foreign exchange rackets, cannot successfully claim the high moral ground on anti-corruption fight.
Three years down the road, the statistics churned out by officials of government as proof of stellar performance are important. But more important is the evidence of the ordinary citizens whose collective values, the government authoritatively allocates.
The most practical measure of the success of the government is the number of Nigerians whose lots are better today than three years ago.
On the average, life seems to be nastier, more brutish and shorter in Buhari's Nigeria.
Nigerians are more disunited and less trustful of each other than ever before. People are more likely to be killed in the comfort of their homes today than three years ago.
Buhari promised much and delivered little. While people like Femi Gbajabiamila, majority leader of the House of Representatives, can still afford to buy a Mercedes G-Wagon vehicle worth N100m as 50th birthday to wife, hardworking and honest Nigerians with no access to power and attendant privileges are poorer today than three years ago.
The primary responsibility of any government is the protection of lives and property of the people.
Under President Buhari, Gen Theophilus Danjuma, is openly accusing the military of colluding with terrorists to murder Nigerians.
Three years into Buhari's presidency, Nobel Laureate Professor Wole Soyinka is alleging ethnic cleansing, calling on the UN to intervene.
Catholic Bishops are leading protest marches as Nigeria becomes a huge mass grave.
Nigerians are waiting to see what difference, if any, the remaining one year will make.
The National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) the latest economic report has said that the oil sector contributed 8.19 percent of total real GDP in the 3rd quarter of 2016. The sector's 8.19 percent is down from figures recorded in the corresponding period of 2015 and the preceding quarter of 2016 recorded at 10.27 percent (2nd quarter) and 8.26 percent (1st quarter) respectively. In the First Quarter of 2016, oil production stood at 2.11million barrels per day (mbpd), 0.05mbpd lower from production in Q4 of 2015. Oil production was also lower relative to the corresponding quarter in 2015 by 0.07mbpd when output
The post Oil sector contributes over 8% total real GDP appeared first on Daily Times Nigerian Newspaper.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Prudential to bid for £3bn slice of state's Bradford & Bingley mortgages
It feels like this trial has lasted forever, and for those involved, it probably feels even worse. However, it seems Swift has finally had some closure – to at least part of the case.
The judge in the trial has dismissed Swift from DJ David Mueller's lawsuit that claimed Swift caused him to get fired from his radio position in Denver – citing that he failed to prove such claims.
Jury to hear closing arguments in lawsuit and countersuit between Taylor Swift and the ex-DJ she says groped her https://t.co/XgzEwS6LwZ pic.twitter.com/6oYyx9t92K — CNN (@CNN) August 14, 2017
However, it isn't over yet though. Swift's mother Andrea still has the suit against her, and the counter-suit portion has yet to begin.
More here.
NewsCatholic Church
PADERBORN, Germany, July 4, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – A group of local priests from the German Archdiocese of Paderborn published a statement yesterday critiquing their archbishop's recent decision to implement the controversial German bishops' intercommunion guide that now permits Protestant spouses of Catholics, in individual cases, to receive Holy Communion on a regular basis. The priestly group, going under the name Communio veritatis, calls the decision by Archbishop Hans-Josef Becker of Paderborn “unacceptable.”
As the Austrian Catholic news service Kath.net reports today, Communio veritatis now quotes in its new document certain statements of doctrine and discipline, stemming from Church documents, and then comments on them. First, they state that “In order to be able to receive Holy Communion, one has to be a full member of the Catholic Church and one has to be in the state of Grace” (CCC 291). Additionally if one denies one or several aspects with regard to the Sacraments, one loses the disposition to receive them on a regular basis (Ecclesia de Eucharistia, Pope John Paul II, 46). The priestly group then comments on this matter with regard to Protestant Christians, as follows: “It is part of the essence of Protestantism not to share the full Catholic belief in the Holy Eucharist.”
With reference to the recent remarks made by Cardinal Walter Brandmüller concerning the matter of canon 844 §4 CIC, which speaks about moments of “grave necessity” where non-Catholic Christians may receive Holy Communion, the priests say that “no diocesan bishop may declare the situation in a mixed marriage to be a grave emergency situation, in order to make possible the intercommunion.” As Brandmüller explained, these emergency situations relate to “extreme situations, such as war, deportations, and natural catastrophes,” the priests add.
As one important aspect of this canon, the priests stress that it states a non-Catholic Christian may receive help from a Catholic priest under the condition that a minister of one's own church “cannot be found.” (This finding is, of course, in Germany always the case, where there are many Protestant churches.)
Furthermore, the Paderborn priests point out that, according to the Catechism of the Catholic Church, the receiver of Holy Communion has to be free of serious sin. Therefore, the priests say, “a Protestant in a true emergency situation would first have to be led to the Sacrament of Penance.”
As a last point, the priestly group insists that, “with regard to eternal salvation, there exists, in rather few exceptional cases, the possibility to admit individual non-Catholic Christians to the Sacrament of Penance, of Extreme Unction, and of the Holy Eucharist.” For this to occur, the priests explain, the above-mentioned conditions first have to be met. “It is the duty of each person loyally to observe them.” (see Pope Benedict XVI, Sacramentum Caritatis, 56)
In conclusion, the priestly group states: “The circle of priests Communio veritatis remains determined to serve Jesus Christ loyally in everything, also, accordingly, the continuous Magisterium of the Catholic Church – for the salvation of souls.”
Communio veritatis was first formed in February 2018 and it has placed itself under the patronage of Pope John Paul II. It wishes to be a network of priests of the region of Paderborn in order to give mutual support and seek the possibility for an exchange of thoughts in a difficult historical situation. At the beginning, Communio veritatis had ten priests as members, but other priests from the Diocese of Paderborn later have shown interest in joining them. Father Frank Unterhalt of Brilon is now the leader of this group.
One person is dead and another was injured in a crash on May 24, 2018. (NLVPD/Twitter)
A man who died after crashing into a parked truck in North Las Vegas was identified Tuesday.
The Clark County Coroner said 29-year-old Felipe Venegas died from blunt force injuries to his head and neck. According to police, Venegas crashed into a parked truck just before 5:30 a.m. at Tonopah Avenue and Pecos Road on May 24.
RELATED: North Las Vegas police investigating deadly crash
A passenger traveling with Venegas was taken to the hospital with critical injuries.
Police said this was the 13th traffic-related fatality in North Las Vegas' jurisdiction.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The State Dining Room at the White House is set for the first State Dinner that President Donald Trump will host as president with French President Emmanuel Macron in Washington, Monday, April 23, 2018. The State Dinner will be held on April 24. Manuel Balce Ceneta AP Photo
Senator Dino Melaye who is challenging moves to recall him by his constituency is in fresh trouble: the Police said they have filed a case in a Lokoja court accusing him and three other persons of illegal possession of firearms.
Police spokesman Jimoh Moshood, announced the move today in a statement.
The police took the action, following the confession of two ‘dreaded' thugs who claimed they were working for Melaye, who represents Kogi West in the Senate.
The men were arrested on 19 January at Ogojueje in Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State, after a shootout with the police and have confessed being hired by Melaye, to cause mayhem in the state, Moshood said.
One of the persons arrested was identified as 31 years-old Kabiru Saidu, a.k.a Osama. The other was Nuhu Salisu, who is 25 years-old. The third person charged to court was identified as Alhaji Muhammed Audu, a politician, who is now said to be at large.
The police said they seized from the thugs and their gang members , two AK47 rifles, five pump action guns, two locally made pistols and heaps of charms.
According to the police, the men not only confessed to have been involved in several kidnappings in the state and environs, they also claimed to be hired thugs for politicians.
“According to the gang leader, Osama, he has been working as a political thug for one Alhaji Mohammed Audu a Politician in the State.
” He said Alhaji Mohammed Audu invited him to Abuja and introduced him to Senator Dino Melaye and they met on Airport road, Abuja inside the Senator Dino Melaye's Car in the month of December, 2017.
“The suspect further confessed that Sen. Dino Melaye told him that they should start working for the Senator as his political thugs and they should recruit and train more other(sic) thugs to work for him in preparation toward 2019 General election to enable him ( Sen. Dino Melaye ) challenge his political opponents and disorganised Kogi State.
The police said Osama further confessed that Melaye handed over a bag containing one AK47 rifle, two Pump Action guns and the N430,000.00 to share with his boys.
“Consequent on the indictments and criminal confessions against Senator Dino Melaye by the principal suspect KABIRU SAIDU a.k.a OSAMA “31 YRS”, Nigeria Police Force, wrote a letter dated 2nd of March, 2018 addressed to the Senate President, Federal Republic of Nigeria informing and requesting him to release Senator Dino Melaye to report to Commissioner of Police, Kogi State Command on the 7th March, 2018 to answer to criminal offences levelled against him, to enable the Police carry out a discreet investigation into the confessions of the principal suspect against Senator Dino Melaye. But Senator Dino Melaye have refused to honour the Police invitation till date.
“A case of Criminal Conspiracy and unlawful possession of prohibited firearms have therefore been filed by the Nigeria Police Force at Federal High Court Lokoja on 16th March, 2018 against the two suspects mentioned above, Senator Dino Melaye and Alh. Mohammed Audu who is also a suspect in the matter and is now on the run. (NAN)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jaap Stam has hit out at the Reading FC supporters who booed the team during the 2-1 win over Rotherham United on Easter Monday.
A section of the crowd appeared to boo the Royals players as they left the field at half time during the Championship clash at Madejski Stadium.
Reading trailed 1-0 at half time and it was only in the second half where the side turned it around through goals from Lewis Grabban and John Swift.
Stam expressed his frustration though with those fans involved, saying they should appreciate the team's efforts more for what they have done this season.
The manager said: "I can understand in a way that you're not happy with how things are going when the team is not performing and you go behind.
"But we need our fans also when we're behind - maybe even more when behind.
"If you play at home there is never an easy game - even when you play Rotherham.
"They need to know they need to support that team and not boo them when they come off the pitch at half time.
"From where the club was in the last two seasons to what it has done this year - fans should appreciate what the players are doing for them.
"If you're reacting like that then I am not very happy with that."
It ended up being Reading's second win inside three days following the 3-1 victory at Aston Villa on Saturday.
The result sees Royals further cement their place in the top six with just three games left in the Championship.
Stam added: "You can say you're not happy when you're losing games because that's football.
"The fans need to stick to their team, help them out and not only when you're in front but also when you're behind.
"Especially when you play two games in three days, you need to have that extra man behind you pushing you forward."
Get the latest Reading FC news on Twitter by following @getreadingfc and reporter Jonathan Low ( @jonathanl50 ).
Keep up with the Royals news on Facebook through the dedicated page here
And you can get all the breaking Reading FC news with the free getreading app. Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here .
Maybe that carbo-load is really full of bull.
I was pretty confident that a low-carb diet would help me to a fast finish at the United NYC Half Marathon on Sunday – but I wasn't expecting to shave my personal record by nearly 5 minutes.
And the best part of it all was not needing to stuff my gut with globs of glucose gels or sugary sports drinks to get me to the finish line in 1 hour and 33 minutes — a practice that had made my stomach sick for years.
see also How cutting carbs completely made me a better runner Take those carbs and shove it. Finishing the United NYC...
It should be noted, however, that running my fastest 13.1-mile race was a lot more involved than just skipping out on spaghetti dinners in the nights leading up to the race. For months, I followed a strict diet and logged dozens of training miles every week.
“You don't do low carb casually,” Dr. Stephen Phinney, a medical researcher who specializes in low-carb nutrition, tells The Post. “You really have to find someone who has the knowledge . . . it's something you have to take seriously.”
Phinney – who authored “The Art and Science of Low Carbohydrate Living” with his colleague, Jeff Volek – has spent decades studying the effects of a low-carb, high-fat diet in endurance athletes. Phinney's work, along with a growing body of research, suggests that the human body can sustain high-intensity workouts for longer periods of time by using calories stored in fat, not the glycogen stores that most runners use and are loaded with a ton of carbs and sugar before a race.
It's not that carbohydrates don't work — they do, until a point. The glycogen well they create in your body taps out at about 2,000 calories, so glucose gels sports drinks are necessary to cross the finish line in any long-distance run.
But if your body is trained to fuel off of your fat, you have a tank of about 40,000 calories to keep your engine humming — helping you to run faster and longer.
The only problem: It takes weeks, even months, to become keto-adapted, which is Phinney's term for the body's ability to burn fat as a primary fuel. And it all starts with cutting carbohydrates and sugar from your diet – cold turkey.
It's not easy, either. You'll feel tired and sluggish; you'll want to walk instead of run; you'll crave nothing more than baguettes and doughnuts.
“But that energy is usually gained back in four to six weeks,” Phinney says, adding that a few weeks on a carb-restrictive diet forces the body to start using fat as its main fuel source.
After two months of following a low-carb diet – and following the guidance of the Howard Beach Comprehensive Health Care Center – I managed to bounce back 10-fold from the fatigue I had initially experienced by removing carbohydrates from my meals.
My running speeds increased, too, as I tapped into that newly found energy to maintain my mid-week workouts and to keep up with members of the Gotham City Runners – some of the most talented athletes in the city – for weekend long runs across the five boroughs.
I also lost weight, which made me lighter on my feet. And because I wasn't stuffing my face with foods (carbs) that cause inflammation, I recovered quickly after my hardest runs.
“Keto-adapted athletes aren't just telling us, they're demonstrating this: their recovery time is incredibly fast,” Phinney says.
He adds that more professional athletes, including LeBron James, Lindsay Vonn and Carmelo Anthony, are learning the benefits of a low-carb diet, making him just a little grateful that his extensive research is finally starting to hit the mainstream.
“I'm kind of getting released from academic Siberia,” he says with a laugh.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom fans watched their side throw away the lead against Southampton, and they weren't happy about it.
In the video above you can see the reaction of the fans after the defeat which leaves the club at the foot of the Premier League.
Pardew's reaction
Albion boss Alan Pardew bemoaned the frantic three-game week that he believes cost his side as Southampton took the spoils after a 3-2 victory at The Hawthorns.
Having expended plenty of energy in the FA Cup victory at Liverpool last weekend, then having visited Manchester City on Wednesday, Albion left themselves little in reserve for the crucial relegation encounter against the Saints.
Seven first-team players were unavailable to Pardew because of various injuries, and their visitors took full advantage with an impressive display and three goals.
This was despite a promising start that saw Albion take the lead within five minutes through Ahmed Hegazi's bullet header from a corner.
It leaves Pardew's Baggies four points adrift at the bottom of the table - and he felt his side were spent by the end.
“The squad was a little bit light today in terms of freshening things up, and I think that showed,” he said after the match.
“They looked a bit fresher than us, a couple of changes they made in midfield.
“They had a bit more energy, particularly [Mario] Lemina - I thought he was a handful for us.
“It was difficult for us to cope with him today.
“We got off to a great start, we could have got a second goal from a set-play, which was a bit unfortunate, and then that twenty minutes before half time was the period we lost the game.
“We just looked a little bit off the pace then, and they got the two goals at a good time for them.
“Two quick goals - that hurt us as well.”
RATINGS
Southampton claimed all three points in a frenetic Premier League match at The Hawthorns which only leaves hosts West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble at the bottom of the table.
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game on its head after Ahmed Hegazi's opener, and James Ward-Prowse, from a free-kick in the second half, sealed the 3-2 victory.
Salomon Rondon pulled on back in the last twenty minutes, but it proved to be in vain and the Saints inflicted a serious blow to their survival hopes, while strengthening their own.
Alan Pardew handed Daniel Sturridge his first start for the Baggies, having arrived at the club on loan from Liverpool on Monday.
Mauricio Pellegrino also flaunted his own new attacker, £19m forward Guido Carrillo, who started for the first time since his move from Monaco last month.
It was an emotionally charged afternoon at The Hawthorns, as Albion paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis prior to kick off.
Here's how Albion rated.
Foster - 7
Could have done very little about Southampton's first-half goals. If anything, Foster was one of the better players for Albion.
He pulled off an expert save to deny Carrillo before Lemina's equaliser and his collection from crosses was top drawer.
Was left unsighted for the third.
Dawson - 5
Struggled, like Nyom on the opposing side, to handle livewire Boufal for much of the afternoon.
The pairing with Phillips on the right hand side, which usually is cohesive, didn't offer the same threat.
McAuley - 5
The captain saved his side when Tadic got in between Foster and Hegazi, but he also fouled Hoedt in the build up to Ward-Prowse's eventual winner.
Plenty for him to deal with as Carrillo kept Albion busy too.
Hegazi - 7
A bullet header from Chris Brunt's corner to begin proceedings was met with rapturous cheers.
That should have set the tone for the afternoon, but the performance never came.
Nyom - 5
Played on his weaker side, Nyom got forward on a couple of occasions in the first half and offered testing crosses.
Defensively, though, the Cameroonian struggled to cope with the lively Tadic and Boufal for large periods.
Yacob - 5
Certainly effective in a midfield three, Yacob struggled as just a pair alongside veteran Gareth Barry.
The legs and drive of Grzegorz Krychowiak were certainly missed.
Replaced after an hour.
Barry - 5
Booked for a lunge on Romeu in the first half, and had to watch himself from thereon in.
Tidy on the ball, as always, but featuring as a two alongside Yacob saw him overrun on a number of occasions.
Brunt - 7
A typical Brunt delivery set up Hegazi's opening goal. Another brilliant ball in the second half, this one from open play, provided Rondon the chance to head home - and he duly obliged.
One of the more positive performances from an Albion player today.
Phillips - 5
His deliveries weren't at the required level today.
The winger offered pace and width, but wasn't able to affect the game in the final third.
Lost a crucial 50-50 in the build up to the corner from Lemina's opener.
Rondon - 6
Ran and ran in the first half, but passed up a couple of openings.
Played in Burke for his golden chance, and linked up better generally with Rodriguez when he entered the fray.
Sturridge - 6
Looked lively with the ball at his feet, though the supply wasn't always what he's enjoyed at Liverpool.
Had one chance, from a tight angle in the first half, but generally he'll hope for better in the coming weeks.
Subs
Rodriguez (for Sturridge, 62) - 6
Perhaps unlucky to be dropped, having been in such fine form, but he looked a man on a mission when he came on.
Involved in some positive build up play that didn't bear any fruit.
Burke (for Yacob, 62) - 6
Provided a fresh pair of legs and demonstrated his searing pace within minutes of entering the fray.
Stayed on his feet under a challenge from McCarthy and appeared a chance missed - but could he have had a penalty?
McClean (for Nyom, 77) - 5
Provided an urgency when he came on.
A poor cross proved to waste an opportunity in the latter stages, and he then lost the ball deep into stoppage time as Albion looked to mount an attack to rescue the game.
Subs not used: Myhill, Jameson, Harper, Field
Southampton - McCarthy; Cedric, Stephens, Hoedt, Bertrand; Lemina, Romeu, Ward-Prowse, Boufal (Hojberg 85), Tadic (Redmond, 88); Carrillo (Long, 75)
Subs not used: Forster, Yoshida, Davis, Gabbiadini
GOALS
Albion - Hegazi (4), Rondon (72); Southampton - Lemina (4), Stephens (43), Ward-Prowse (55)
REF - Michael Oliver (Northumberland)
ATTENDANCE : 25,911 (2,175 away)
NEXT UP: Chelsea (a) - Monday 12 February (8pm KO)
Peggy Sue Barnes, 81, of Harrodsburg, wife of David Barnes, died Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017, at her home.
Born Oct. 24, 1935, in Irvine, she was the daughter of the late William Henry and Mary Jane Hounschell Doutaz.
She was a graduate of Lafayette High School, attended the University of Kentucky, was a former employee of St. Joseph Hospital and was a member of the Hill-N-Dale Christian Church.
Solving the problem of capturing and analyzing "dark data" is the business problem of the century, especially for CMOs who are increasingly accountable for generating revenue and improving business outcomes.
What is dark data? It's the unstructured data that's all over social networks, and it's full of valuable insights you can put to work to generate revenue and improve the way your business operates.
But it's highly likely you're not using it—yet.
According to IDC, 90% of the unstructured data is never analyzed. The practice of online reputation management (ORM) is changing that by helping companies collect and make sense of dark data on social media, to uncover trends and identify strengths and weaknesses in brand perception among target audiences.
In fact, accessing dark data on social media can open up opportunities for improving operations and optimizing customer experience. The challenge knows how to mine it and how to put it to work for your organization, by making operational improvements and optimizing the customer experience.
What Is Dark Data—and Why Does It Matter?
Dark data is the unstructured digital information that's lurking in the shadows. But it's not necessarily scary. In fact, it can provide you with early warning into problem areas that need attention.
Gartner describes dark data as "information assets that organizations collect, process and store in the course of their regular business activity, but generally fail to use for other purposes."
On social media, dark data is hidden in plain sight—but it's not being captured or stored by most organizations—and that makes it impossible to analyze and use.
As CMOs become more and more responsible for enabling better business outcomes and increasing market share, tapping into dark data for operational insights will be critical for success. The ability to analyze data and apply learnings to boost demand and generate new revenue will be a key differentiator.
Mining the Value in Unstructured Data
Most of the marketing data we focus on is "structured"—information with a high degree of organization. This type of data resides primarily in relational databases or spreadsheets.
Most structured data comes from form submissions, such as when a website visitor fills out a form to download content from a website. We use that data to inform messaging, segment lists, and create targeted programs.
But only 20% of the data that exists about your organization is structured. The rest—80%—is unstructured. Unstructured data is generated by…
Customer-call-detail records from call centers or internal customer success teams
Mobile data about consumer behavior on smartphones
Marketing automation systems and CRMs, such as Salesforce, which may contain notes from sales reps or marketing team members
Video and image data, and voice data
Beyond these more obvious sources, real value lies in the unstructured data from new channels—namely, the free-text data found in social posts and conversations, and online reviews on sites like Google, Facebook, and others.
What might happen once we figure out how to harness the volumes of unstructured dark data that exists in the greater cyber universe?
Dark Data's Organic Nature
Most dark data is generated organically. Consumers discuss their purchasing, dining, and entertainment experiences with peers on social networks. They tweet about it, post on Facebook, and share photos and videos. These social shares are shared and shared again, creating a vast amount of content that contains usable feedback and data about public sentiment around your brand.
Imagine a Millennial buys a car at a major auto dealership. She takes a selfie standing by the new car and posts it to Facebook with a caption: "Finally got the new car I wanted, but the salesperson haggled with me for four hours!" Anyone who views her post now has several pieces of information about the dealership:
It has inventory of a certain type of car.
It sells cars that may appeal to younger car buyers.
The staff there isn't in a hurry to sell cars, because they argue with you.
The buying process at that dealership may take a long time and be stressful.
Now imagine the reviewer's friend comments on the original post and writes, "I bought my car there too, and the finance guy was rude and condescending. He laughed and said I was too young to understand financing." That's more unstructured data that's difficult to capture; when combined with the first post, it points to a recurring theme: Although cars are available and the dealership seems to be frequented by Millennials, the finance department is making it difficult for them to have a good buying experience at that location.
But you can't fix what you know nothing about. If the corporate office guy for that auto company in question could capture the data from both Facebook comments about that particular dealership, he may see a trend—that there's a problem with the finance personnel at that location. But without access to those comments and others like them, he may never know. He may see sales taper off, and assume too much inventory was allocation to the dealership—not that the bad reviews originated from the actions of one employee, and that a more careful screening process for staff hires might result in more sales.
Access to dark data on social media, and linking it to existing CRM data for a composite picture, can help companies refine marketing efforts and initiate operational improvements, which will lead to business efficiencies and a better overall customer experience.
Lighting Up the Dark With Sentiment Analysis
Free text input from social media and online review sources can be filtered using thematic analysis to identify trends in customer sentiment about your business. Serious ORM platforms are able to interface directly with Enterprise-grade CRM platforms, comparing new unstructured data to what you already know about your target customers.
Armed with this information, it's much easier to fine-tune marketing efforts, as well as implement changes in day-to-day operations that could strengthen your reputation.
ORM platforms are enabling unprecedented insight into dark data. For example, we at Reputation.com use word clouds to provide a snapshot of common words and themes that appear in online reviews and social media across the social Web. The larger the word, the more common it is in a company's reviews. Clicking on any word takes you directly to the reviews that contain it:
Taking it a step further, sentiment analysis tools present in-depth analysis of customer feedback and how your locations are performing relative to competitors. Through sentiment analysis, words associated with troublesome keywords are also flagged.
For example, an auto company may be tracking the word "finance" in reviews. An ORM platform using sentiment analysis may also search for words related to finance, such as "pricey" or "interest rate," for a more accurate reflection of the customer experience. With this data handy, the auto company can determine sentiment across multiple or individual locations, for greater operational intelligence.
This tornado chart is one example of such a tool:
Users can click on a keyword, such as "Customer Service" and read individual reviews that mention the word "Customers Service" or other related keywords, such as "Professionalism" or "Competence," for broader context and a more complete picture of the customer experience.
Tools such as these enable companies to harness the value of free-text input, which is often more candid and insightful than structured data from forms and surveys. Think of it as AI for service organizations, where the database is all public sentiment on social media, and the logic detects and surfaces patterns.
ORM technology can also point to next steps for making both granular changes at specific locations, coaching an individual employee, or propagating systematic changes across your organization.
A 360-Degree View of Customer Experience
Data contained in Twitter streams, social media posts, and online reviews can help a company gauge customer sentiment and identify potential problems with service or quality before they affect revenue. When unstructured data is combined with existing data stored in transactional systems, a 360-degree view of their customers' preferences and behaviors emerges.
The result? Happier customers, more positive sentiment, better online reviews and ratings, and—ultimately—more revenue-generating business.
Let's get this straight: Edward Snowden surrenders his well-paid job as a government contractor and, quite possibly, his freedom by publicly confirming how aggressively the National Security Agency, without obtaining any court warrants, collects the phone and Internet records of tens, perhaps hundreds, of millions of Americans.
To the resulting public uproar, President Barack Obama curiously, and unconvincingly, responded, “I welcome this debate, and I think it's healthy for our democracy.” But no one could match the response of Sen. Saxby Chambliss, R-Ga., vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, who while insisting that the NSA program Snowden gave up his livelihood to publicly disclose had been operating outside public view for seven years, offered this gem: “To my knowledge, we had not had any citizen who has registered a complaint relative to the gathering of this information.”
As far as we know, Snowden did not sell any secret information to any unfriendly nations or entities. The names of no U.S. agents were revealed. No American projects or programs were disclosed or compromised. He may well, as some critics have charged, have a martyr complex. But the last time I checked, that is not a felony. As of this writing, there is a lot about this story we do not know.
What we do know is that Snowden has been relentlessly attacked by Washington pundits and politicians for one, unforgivable offense: He did not graduate from high school. The normally sensible Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, fairly thundered: “I'm just stunned that an individual who did not even have a high school diploma, who did not successfully complete his military service and who is only 29 had access to some of the most classified information in our government.”
Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, emphasized Snowden's transcript: “I hope that our national security interests are not going to be determined by a high school dropout.” Liberals and Democrats echoed the same knock against Snowden.
This line of attack is as stupid as it is snobbish. Consider these high school dropouts: Founding father and genius inventor Benjamin Franklin. Founding Father and first President George Washington. The founder of modern nursing, Florence Nightingale. American aviation pioneers Orville and Wilbur Wright. The first lady of civil rights, Rosa Parks, who refused a Montgomery, Ala., bus driver's order to give up her seat to a white passenger. The man who gave the world its most popular chocolate bar, Milton Hershey. Before he would become America's most beloved author, Mark Twain left school at age 12 to become a printer's apprentice. The great man who saved the Union, Abraham Lincoln.
And if formal education and advanced degrees are the key to wisdom, please explain how the United States was so misled into the tragedy of the invasion and occupation of Iraq by such well-credentialed academics as doctoral student Dick (“I had other priorities in the ‘60s than military service”) Cheney, Defense Department hawks, including University of Chicago Ph.D. Paul Wolfowitz, Harvard (magna cum laude) grad Douglas Feith, and London School of Economics and Princeton advanced degree holder Richard Perle, as well as Yale magna cum laude graduate and vice president chief of staff — who would be found guilty of two counts of perjury and obstruction of justice — Lewis “Scooter” Libby.
And remember this: Even though, because of physical injuries he sustained, he was forced to leave the Army after just four months, Snowden still served longer in uniform than all those Ivy League-Bush-Cheney war hawks put together. Like a lot of other guys who didn't sit it out in Cambridge or New Haven.
— Mark Shields is one of the most widely recognized political commentators in the United States. The former Washington Post editorial columnist appears regularly on CNN, on public television and on radio. Click here to contact him, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In this lovely summer heat many will be looking to enjoy time outside in the garden.
But while you're tending to your barbecue, you might find the grass on your lawn turning an unattractive yellow colour, rather than a luscious green.
And it might not be the heat that's the only thing to blame, the Mirror reports.
We've compiled a list of the things that could be hurting your garden, and how to fix the problems you might encounter.
Heat
The hot weather can dry out your lawn and make it turn yellow - a particular problem at this time of year.
Depending on the type of grass in your garden, and how hot it is, this could happen in only a couple of days.
It could also show that your grass has shallow roots - possibly caused by over-watering in the past (see below).
(Image: Vander-Wolf images)
How to fix it - Give your grass deep water. Early in the morning is best, to reduce the amount of water that evaporates when it gets hot later in the day.
The type of soil you have will determine how quickly the water drains away - sandy soil, for example, may need more watering.
You're looking to soak the top 4-6inches of soil - use a screwdriver to check how far down it gets wet.
Be careful not to water your lawn too frequently, as it will get damaged - see below. Once or twice a week when it is hot is usually fine.
Buy now: Hozelock multi sprinkler (79m²), Amazon, £13
Over-watering
Watering your lawn too often means the grass will develop shallow roots, and won't be able to cope if the soil gets drier. Also, if the ground is waterlogged, the roots won't get any oxygen and will die.
Over-watering will also cost you more on the water bill if you have a water meter.
How to fix it - Don't water your lawn every day, or if it is forecast to rain. Grass that needs a water will start to turn a blue-green colour, rather than the lush green you're used to. Your footprints will also stay visible for longer after you've walked on it.
Watering thoroughly but infrequently is the best advice.
Under-fertilising
If your lawn is lacking in nutrients like iron and nitrogen, then it will start to look yellow.
How to fix it - If you've not fertilised your grass, then it is likely that it is lacking the nutrients and needs fertilising. A soil-test kit can tell you if your soil is short of a particular nutrient, and you can use the appropriate garden feed to fix the problem.
Remember to always follow the instructions, and don't over-fertilise your lawn as this can do more harm than good - see below.
Buy it now: Evergreen complete 4 in 1 lawn feed weed & moss killer, Wilko, £8
(Image: Getty Images)
Over-fertilising
Using too much fertiliser can cause the grass to get scorched, and can do more damage than under-fertilising.
The nitrogen in fertiliser is needed for healthy grass growth, but too much will burn the roots and change the pH in the soil.
How to fix it - A long, deep watering can help flush the fertiliser through the soil and away from the grass roots. If only one area looks damaged, then focus on that. Repeat every few days until the grass starts to recover.
A good way to prevent over-fertilising is to get a soil-test kit. These kits test the pH level and nutrients in the soil, so you know you're only fertilising the ground when it needs it.
Buy it now: MoonCity 3-in-1 soil tester kit, Amazon, £8.99
Animal urine
If you let your dog run out on the lawn, then it's possible that your discoloured grass is because it has been peeing on it.
Urine contains nitrogen which burns the grass - much like over-fertilising above.
This is usually most obvious if the yellowing of the grass is in patches, often near the borders.
How to fix it - Train your dog to only use a certain part of the garden - ideally one where you don't have grass. Good luck training your neighbour's cat.
Spilt petrol
If you have a petrol lawnmower, and have spilt some fuel while topping it up, this can seriously damage your lawn. The petrol will kill the grass.
How to fix it - Always fill up your mower off the grass.
If you've already spilt the petrol, clean up the spill as quickly as possible. You can try using a lot of water to try and dilute the fuel, but be careful that this doesn't just spread it further into your garden.
The best solution may be to dig up the affected soil - dispose of it safely - and then reseed the area.
Buy it now: McCulloch Petrol Lawn mower Starter Set, Argos, £14.99
Compacted soil
If the discoloured grass is near where a lot of people have been walking on it, or children have been playing, it's possible that the soil underneath is too compacted.
This means that water can't get to the roots, and your grass will dry out.
How to fix it - Aerate the soil. You can get a proper aerator, or just prod the ground at regular intervals with a garden fork. Either way it's going to be hard work.
Buy it now: Lawn Aerator, Argos, £22.99
Cutting the grass too short
Cutting the grass too short can leave it without enough moisture, and it will start to turn yellow.
This will usually show up soon after you've cut the grass. It could happen only in certain areas, often because the ground is uneven.
How to fix it - Give the grass enough water to grow, and let it get a little longer. Next time you cut the lawn, raise the cutting height of your mower.
Other helpful fixes
Make sure your grass gets plenty of sunlight. If there's hedges or trees bocking the light, try thinning them out.
Make sure you rake up fallen leaves and grass clippings. Otherwise they can become a home for pests and insects that can eat the roots of your grass and damage it.
Make sure you aerate your lawn, and ensure that water is draining from your garden properly. This means that the grass roots can get the oxygen and nutrients they need.
Get your lawn mower blade sharpened otherwise you'll be ripping the grass rather than cutting it cleanly - ripped grass is more likely to go yellow.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Hong Kong's top court ruled on Wednesday that a British lesbian should be granted a spousal visa in a landmark judgment that could open the door for expatriate same-sex partners to move to the Chinese-ruled city.
The British woman, who requested to be identified only as QT in court, sued the director of immigration in 2014 after she was denied a spousal visa that would have granted her resident status and allowed her to work without the need for a separate visa.
In this file photo taken on November 6, 2015 people take part in the LGBTQ pride parade in Hong Kong. Isaac Lawrence / AFP/Getty Images
The woman and her partner, a dual British and South African national identified only as SS and who was offered work in Hong Kong, had entered into a civil partnership in Britain. QT did not appear in court.
“Although I cannot be with you in person today, that does not diminish the joy I feel, knowing that Hong Kong's highest court has upheld my right, as a lesbian woman, to be treated equally by the Hong Kong government,” QT said in a statement.
She plans to live in Hong Kong, instead of flying back and forth to Britain as she has been doing for years.
“I won't feel like a second citizen anymore and I can have the basic rights like anyone else, from as simple as having a library card to having healthcare,” she told reporters by phone.
The unanimous ruling by five judges, upholding a lower court's decision, brings to an end the case involving rights for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, which won support from more than 30 global banks and law firms, including Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley.
“This ruling strengthens Hong Kong's ability to attract global talent and its competitiveness as Asia's pre-eminent global center for commerce,” the companies said in a statement.
The decision goes beyond immigration and effectively recognizes the rights of local and foreign same-sex couples who legally entered civil partnerships abroad, said the British woman's lawyer, Michael Vidler.
“We never argued this case is about same-sex marriage for Hong Kong, but we hope this case will pave the way for exactly that,” he said outside the Court of Final Appeal.
Hong Kong's Immigration Department said it respected the ruling.
“We are studying the judgment carefully and shall seek legal advice as necessary before deciding the way forward,” it said.
"SHAKY FOUNDATIONS"
Hong Kong could become the first Asian jurisdiction to officially grant dependent visas to same-sex partners, even though it already makes some exceptions to diplomats.
Foreign diplomats in mainland China also say the Chinese government has been issuing de facto spousal visas to same-sex partners in recent years.
Although Taiwan set a precedent in Asia last year when its constitutional court ruled that same-sex couples have the right to legally marry, gay marriage has not been legalized yet.
An official website stated that same-sex spouses do not qualify as spouses for immigration purposes.
Japan does not officially grant dependent visas to same-sex couples, but some married foreign couples say they managed to get one.
Hong Kong is a popular destination for expatriates, many of whom work in the city's financial services and legal sectors.
Homosexuality was decriminalized in 1991, although marriage is legally defined as a monogamous union between a man and a woman. It does not recognize same-sex marriage.
There is no law against sexual discrimination in the territory which is governed under a “one country, two systems” formula that promises it a high degree of autonomy, a legal system separate from that of mainland China and an independent judiciary.
In a 45-page judgment, the judges said the director of immigration's assertion that an obvious difference existed between marriage and a civil partnership rested on “shaky foundations”.
The court also said that while the director of immigration's policy aimed to attract foreign talent, the act of rejecting same-sex partners was counter-productive.
It had not allowed the 31 global banks and law firms' to join in the court case, but acknowledged their effort in the judgment.
“As is evident from the attempted intervention of the banks and law firms, the ability to bring in dependants is an important issue for persons deciding whether to move to Hong Kong,” it said.
Veteran LGBTQ activist Billy Leung, who arrived at court with a small rainbow flag, said he knew at least six same-sex couples who had chosen not to move to Hong Kong or had left the city in the past five years over what they described as a lack of LGBTQ-friendly policies.
“The struggle is real,” he said.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Sunday Supplement podcast – Dec 10
10th Dec 2017
Neil Ashton is joined by Alyson Rudd, Patrick Barclay and Matt Law to discuss the latest football issues.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A traditional country fair is set to delight thousands of craft fans and steam engine enthusiasts when it rolls into Uttoxeter.
The Staffordshire Country, Steam and Crafts Fair takes place at Uttoxeter Racecourse on Saturday, July 21 and Sunday, July 22. Both days run from 10am to 5pm.
A spokesman for Oakleigh Fairs, which is organising the fair, said: "This event will give everyone something to enjoy.
"There will be arena entertainment including stunt bikes and buggies; birds of prey flying displays; terrier racing; children's entertainer Mario Magic and dog training and agility.
"There will also be steam engines; the Nuneaton Dog Display Team, historical re-enactment and a goat show, which not only includes bottle-feeding lambs and kids, but also will teach you everything you ever wanted to know about these curious and engaging animals and more besides.
"People can enjoy arts, crafts, food, drink and gifts marquees as well as outside trade stands.
"The show is fully-catered, with a licensed bar.
"And on the Sunday at this event we are proud to host The Fun Family Companion Dog Show, so bring along a canine friend and have a go.
"All proceeds from entries go to Marie Curie cancer care."
(Image: Getty)
Online-bought tickets cost £6.50 for Adults; £5.50 for concessions; £3.50 for children aged five-to-18. and £18 for families of two adults and two children aged five-to-18. They are available at www.oakleighfairs.co.uk
On the gate, they cost £7.50 for adults, £6.50 for concessions, £4 for children aged five-to-18 and £20 for families. Children aged below five get in free.
Concessionary tickets are available for pensioners, students, disabled people, NHS workers and members of the armed forces, all of whom must provide ID to qualify.
Well-behaved dogs on a lead are welcome at this show, but not in marquees with food.
Melbourne: Shaun Marsh has valuable experience in the subcontinent and should slot into the vacant No. 6 spot in Australia's batting order for the upcoming tour of India, his state coach Justin Langer has said.
Marsh has not played since breaking a finger as an opening batsman in the first Test against South Africa in November but the 33-year-old was named in the 16-man squad for the four-Test series against India, which starts in Pune on February 23.
All-rounder Mitchell Marsh, Shaun's younger brother, played at No. 6 in the same match against the Proteas but was dropped for the second Test in favour of a specialist batsman and then overlooked for the rest of the home summer.
The spot has become something of a headache for selectors, who churned through Callum Ferguson, Nic Maddinson and all-rounder Hilton Cartwright during series against South Africa and Pakistan, with none of the three able to cement their place.
With rookie Matt Renshaw likely to be retained as opening batsman after impressing in his four Tests over the summer, Shaun Marsh is in a battle with his brother and hard-hitting all-rounder Glenn Maxwell for the middle order position.
“It depends on which balance they go for, how Australia wants to line up,” Western Australia coach Langer told Australian Associated Press.
“If they go the traditional XI you'd pick Shaun because of his record in not only the subcontinent but for Australia.
“He deserves to play, Shaun deserves to play in the Test match. Even before his injury, he deserved to play.”
Shaun Marsh, who has an average of 40.15 from 19 tests in a career blighted by injury, has never toured India with the Test side but has scored two centuries in Sri Lanka, including his 130 in the third Test in Colombo in August.
Langer, seen as heir apparent to head coach Darren Lehmann, will coach Australia's Twenty20 team in a three-match series against Sri Lanka starting in Melbourne on Friday.
The T20 squad is without several first-choice players including captain Steve Smith, batsman David Warner and paceman Mitchell Starc, who are all in camp preparing for India.
That has allowed a fairytale selection for 36-year-old Western Australia batsman Michael Klinger, who has grafted at state level for nearly two decades and is in line for his first international cap after an outstanding tournament for the Perth Scorchers in the domestic T20 ‘Big Bash'.
“I'd be amazed if he is not in the first XI,” Langer said of Klinger.
“If you look at his numbers, the system we use in Western Australia, he and Aaron Finch are easily the two leading players in Australian T20 in that squad.”
[Author's Note: This article is the product of a series of conversations that took place throughout July and August with Ron Blitzer, Robert Richman and Eva Van Wingerden. It covers topics such as sustainability, philanthropy, the triple bottom line philosophy and how these subjects relate to the company's forthcoming manufacturing plant in Ridgeland, S.C.]
The phenomena that define this era in history — climate change, globalization, the continual growth of the Internet — prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that indeed all things on this planet are interconnected. Nature weaves a rich tapestry of life that, when uninterrupted by human influence, maintains perfect balance, thriving and adapting indefinitely. Businesses wishing to do just that — thrive and adapt — are beginning to mimic the interconnectedness of nature by considering all the ways in which their actions affect not only their bottom line, but society and the environment as a whole.
This approach to business, known as the triple bottom line philosophy, is fostering a new generation of companies that consider people and the planet of equal importance as profitability.
Be Green Packaging LLC's current business model has been shaped in thought and practice by adherence to the triple bottom line philosophy.
“Embracing the environment and social equity in addition to profitability is part of our overarching goal of being a truly holistic, sustainable enterprise,” CEO Ron Blitzer said. “Our ongoing contributions to international microcredit NGOs such as the Whole Planet Foundation and various other charitable bodies is a concrete example of the importance we place on the larger societal context of our business.”
The company also maintains annual financial contributions to the Community Environmental Council and the Organic Center, two nongovernmental organizations dedicated to furthering the ideals of the environmental and organic food movements, respectively. Additionally, the company donates its line of compostable and recyclable plant based food packaging to organizations such as the Organic Soup Kitchen, Art from Scrap, and various local schools and universities, among others, on an ongoing basis.
“We like to support businesses and organizations which we feel are working towards positive social change,” said Eva Van Wingerden, director of eco-social initiatives. “These groups are more often than not operating on a shoestring budget and we try to help them out in whatever way we can. Due to the nature of our business, it often makes the most sense to simply donate our product.”
In addition to its social outreach efforts, the company has acquired a comprehensive list of independent, third-party eco-certifications from some of the world's most progressive environmental organizations.
“We can sit here all day and talk about how great our products are, but unless there is hard scientific data to back it up, it's essentially just hype,” Blitzer said. “That is why we go to the lengths we do to get all of our products tested and certified by independent organizations.”
Be Green holds certifications from the Cradle to Cradle Products Innovation Institute, Western Michigan University's Recycling Program, the Biodegradable Products Institute, the Non-GMO Project and the USDA BioPreferred Program, among others. The company also completed its first AIB audit, which is a comprehensive review of the health and safety of its primary food contact manufacturing facility.
“Although we commonly view these eco-certifications as commitments to the environment, in truth there are major social aspects to them as well. At the end of the day, we are all dependent on healthy, functioning ecosystems, so protecting those through strict environmental policies also means we are indirectly supporting the future of the communities who rely on those ecosystem services for their livelihood,” said Robert Richman, chairman and president of manufacturing at Be Green.
“Because we use annually renewable, wild-harvested plants as the basis of our products, we create ongoing industries around the harvesting of our pulp materials that create long-term, sustainable jobs.”
Be Green is in the process of bringing a swath of green jobs to Ridgeland, S.C., where it is developing the nation's first plant fiber packaging manufacturing facility.
“We are committed to supporting the local community in Jasper County,” Blitzer said. “We realize that this area has been hit hard by the recession and that its residents are looking to us a source of hope for the future.
“It is a big responsibility and we are going to do everything within our power to provide as many jobs as possible and bring continued growth to the region.”
He noted that although Be Green is committed to the area, residents should not expect things to change over night.
“Integrating ourselves into the area is a process that will evolve as our business in the area matures and grows,” Blitzer said. “We know everyone is very excited about our presence in the community. We only ask that you have patience with us as these things take time to develop.”
Clearly, the triple bottom line philosophy is working well for the company. With manufacturing operations on two continents and a growing list of clients that include notable companies such as Procter & Gamble and Whole Foods Market, business is thriving.
“Our commitment to progressive environmental and social ideals has been critical to our success.” Blitzer said. “I hope that our business model serves to demonstrate that it is possible to embrace the principles of sustainability without compromising profitability.”
— Justin Faerman is the director of media and marketing and a founding principal for Be Green Packaging LLC.
The Hindi rock band on finding direction on their more experimental sophomore album and their faith that their unendingly loyal fan base will be able to make the jump with them
Share this:
A lot has changed for Hindi rock band The Local Train since they won the first season of Sennheiser Top 50's band hunt in 2015. The release of their album, Aalas Ka Pedh, solidified their status as the flag-bearers of college-aged angst and dreams, and garnered them a loyal fanbase. Their high-powered debut, coupled with their thorough rounds of India's college festival circuit, their emotional, detailed music videos and fun-loving personalities ensured that The Local Train's rise to popularity—especially online—was inevitable. Also inevitable: the pressure to deliver a suitable follow-up.
As they gear up for the release of their sophomore album Vaaqif (due later this month), lead vocalist Raman Negi, bassist Ramit Mehra, guitarist Paras Thakur and drummer Sahil Sarin believe they're in the best place they have ever been artistically. The feedback on their most recent tour of India to promote Vaaqif is proof: the high demand for the band warranted a second show in both Bengaluru and Pune. “The tour's going good, we're all tired as fuck so it's good,” says bassist Ramit Mehra with a laugh over the phone from Baroda, where the band will be performing as part of their 13-city India tour.
Mehra explains that with Aalas Ka Pedh, they were able to build the bones of their musical style, figure out a little more about who they were as artists and determine the next direction they wanted to go in. “Vaaqif was always something that we wanted to work on—in fact, we finished Alaas Ka Pedh and we put it out in 2015, but we had already started working on the second album,” says Mehra. He explains that the second album is perhaps the most important for any band because it builds the foundation of their artistry and showcases their growth as artists. Does that mean fans might see a brand-new side to the band?
“I'm not going to say a brand-new side, but a much more evolved side,” says Thakur. “Because Aalas Ka Pedh was made when all of us were really young and that was our debut album as well.” He believes that the songwriting on that album wasn't as mature as compared to what it is now and that evolution is only natural. “Whatever we've learned through those years while making Aalas Ka Pedh and touring and promoting it… it's all of that knowledge.” Thakur is firm in his belief that the band will retain their signature sound but add more complexity. He points out that regardless of their numerous tours and successes, they're still in the process of growing as artists. “We still have a long way to go,” Thakur says. “But we've really tried to push the envelope on this one, experiment and stretch out our own boundaries.”
The first single off Vaaqif is “Khudi,” a breezy and introspective pop rock number that the band released earlier this year in June. “Khudi” was the first track the band started working on for Vaaqif. “The rest of the songs pretty much came in the last six months,” says Mehra. The band were so focused on recording the album that they barely left the studio.
“Each song evolved in its own space, in an independent time frame,” adds Thakur. He explains that instead of one running theme through the album, each song has its own story to tell. “With “Khudi” for example, it's about self-actualization. There are songs about being a non-believer, about when you're not one amongst the sheep.”
Thakur does have his fears about the album not being received well, especially since Indian audiences may not respond well to Vaaqif's more experimental sound. “When you work on an album for half a year, you're completely cut off,” Thakur explains. “You also don't know where you stand and you start losing perspective a little bit like ‘How is this actually sounding?' I am too deep into the microscopy of this thing to see what the actual picture looks like.” He recounts how before their first couple of shows playing the new album, the band were extremely anxious about how it would sound live. So far, however, Vaaqif has been received with open arms by audiences on the tour. They admit a lot of it is due to the relationship the band has built with their fans. “People know what to expect out of The Local Train so they come with that mindset,” says Thakur.
The band's aforementioned music videos have secured them a strong presence on YouTube.The music video for “Khudi,” about a man on a journey to find himself and happiness in the process, is particularly heart-warming and has won ‘Platinum Film of the Year 2017' in the music video category at the India Film Project Awards. The band is aiming to make more videos along those lines for the new album–perhaps even a music video each for all the eight tracks on the record. The Local Train understands the power of visual content and YouTube and aren't afraid to use it. At its core, the band connects so well with audiences because of how genuine and relatable they are.
“We're just four guys who sit together and decide to make music,” says Thakur. “It is just that. There's no label on our heads, no one telling us what to do… This is the outcome of just four people being passionate about something and it comes out and it sounds like this.”
Watch The Local Train's video for “Khudi” below:
UK doorstep lenders accused of intimidation in collecting debts
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
An Arabtec construction site at Business Bay. Arabtec said it will convene a general assembly meeting to get approval of the rights issue and the recapitalisation plan.
Dubai: Arabtec Holding, the Dubai-listed construction firm, said on Monday it is seeking shareholder approval for a Dh1.5 billion rights issue and approval for a capital reduction plan after recording higher losses in 2016.
The statement came as Arabtec reported losses attributable to shareholders of Dh3.4 billion in 2016, widening from the Dh2.35 billion net losses recorded in 2015.
The announcement sent share prices plunging, as Arabtec's shares ended the day 9.85 per cent lower at Dh1.19. It also spurred selling activity on other shares especially those of smaller cap stocks and construction firms. The Dubai Financial Market (DFM) index ended the day 1.75 per cent lower.
The financial statement for 2016 puts losses in the fourth quarter of the year alone at Dh2.95 billion, more than six times the losses incurred in the entire first nine months of the year, as per Gulf News calculations.
This comes despite repeated attempts by Arabtec to turn around financial performance, with the company having announced in June 2016 it will pull Dh1 billion out of its statutory reserve to extinguish some losses. Arabtec also recently appointed a new chief executive officer, and has been implementing cost-cutting measures.
In its statement, Arabtec attributed the losses to “a combination of impairment charges on high-risk items, which amounted to Dh2.8 billion in total, as well as recurring, non-recurring and operational expenses.”
Revenues for the year rose, however, 5.6 per cent year-on-year to reach Dh7.67 billion.
The company also said its financial performance was “a reflection of the adverse market conditions, which are having a negative impact on the construction industry throughout the GCC.”
“Our board is taking confident, sensible steps to underpin the company's capital structure as we look ahead to a robust pipeline of business in the years ahead. Aabar Investments' commitment to the rights offering represents a strong vote of confidence from our largest shareholder in the long-term future of Arabtec,” said Mohammad Al Rumaithi, chairman of Arabtec.
Arabtec said it will convene a general assembly meeting to get approval on the rights issue and the recapitalisation plan.
For information on the real estate sector, within the UAE, please visit our sister site, GNProperty.com.
It's old news that the ladies ruled this season of “Game of Thrones.” There was Daenerys' (Emilia Clarke) temple blaze that took out her chauvinistic Dothraki captors; Sansa's (Sophie Turner)...
By Eliot Shorr-Parks | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
When Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz went down with what might be a season-ending knee injury in his team's win over the Los Angeles Rams on Sunday, the offense was handed over to backup Nick Foles.
Until Wentz gets back, Foles will presumably remain the starter for the Eagles.
The question is -- who will be his backup?
As the Eagles found out against the Rams, things can chance in a flash in the NFL, and having a good backup quarterback is a must for any team. The team's current third-string quarterback is Nate Sudfeld, who hasn't taken a snap in an NFL regular season game.
So who could the Eagles sign to backup Foles?
Here are some of the options.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Defender search
Albion will have to stump up at least £9million to land Bristol City's Aden Flint this summer.
The recently-relegated side are keen on the centre-half who bagged nine goals from centre-half for the Robins this season.
Play-off winners Fulham are also sniffing around but they will have to meet the club's valuation.
Flint recently signed a contract extension keeping him at the club until 2021.
But with Jonny Evans and Craig Dawson both likely to leave Albion, a replacement will be needed and Flint fits the bill.
Last summer Birmingham City tried to sign the centre-half but he shunned a move to stay at Ashton Gate.
Striker in demand
Jay Rodriguez is expected to fetch around £12million this summer - but the Baggies want at least 50 per-cent more.
It's understood that Albion value the forward, who bagged 11 times last season, at around £18million.
But sources have told Birmingham Live that interested clubs are currently prepared to pay £12million, the same price that Rodriguez was signed for from Southampton last summer.
Burnley and Bournemouth are the front-runners if Rodriguez leaves but Crystal Palace are also thought to be keen.
Cutbacks
West Brom have shelved plans to redevelop their Walsall training ground amid the financial pinch of relegation.
The Baggies had hoped to renovate the sports science department after a £250,000 refurbishment of the canteen, dressing rooms, and offices last summer.
But the scheme, which had universal support having first been pushed by former head coach Tony Pulis, has been postponed as the club counts the cost of relegation.
(Image: Michael Regan/Getty Images)
No works are expected at The Hawthorns after a fairly extensive makeover was completed 12 months ago.
Artwork was installed in the concourses, the Garden of Remembrance was extended, while access and facilities for disabled fans was significantly upgraded.
The Baggies will be entitled to a parachute payment from the Premier League (potentially the first of three), but still stand to lose around £45 million in revenue from TV cash.
Albion recorded a £40 million pre-tax profit for the year to July 2017,
But chief executive Mark Jenkins expects the next set of accounts to project a loss, when last summer's £40 million net spend on players will be reflected in the figures.
The Baggies have an overdraft facility which will end in July when the club banks £94.6 million in TV cash and prize money from the Premier league for the 2017/18 campaign.
Striker Jay Rodriguez is one of many assets that could be sold this summer as the playing staff undergoes a major overhaul.
James Morrison and the West Brom contract conundrum
Skipper Jonny Evans is another player set to leave.
Leicester City are among the clubs keen to activate the £3 million release clause in his contract.
Evans and Albion team-mate Gareth McAuley helped Northern Ireland secure a 0-0 draw with England's future World Cup opponents Panama in a friendly in Central America.
poll loading Would you like to see Albion wear this concept shirt next season? 1000+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Winger Matt Phillips was also in action across the Atlantic on Tuesday night local time.
Phillips started up front for Scotland in their 2-0 defeat to Peru in Lima.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The funeral of stabbed schoolgirl Mylee Billingham is being held in her home town of Brownhills today.
Mourners have been invited to wear “bright and beautiful” clothing in memory of the eight-year-old.
She died at Birmingham Children's Hospital in January after suffering knife wounds at a property in Valley View.
Mylee's father, William Billingham, has been charged with her murder and making threats to kill.
The funeral service is being held at St James Church in Brownhills.
The primary school pupil was pronounced dead in hospital after being found with knife wounds at her father's bungalow in Valley View on January 20.
Mum Tracey Taundry later paid tribute to her 'angel' and thanked locals for their support.
She said: “I would like to thank Brownhills and surrounding areas for the love, support and kind donations, it truly means a lot to myself and family at this tragic time.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“The funeral of my daughter Mylee will take place on Tuesday, April 24 at St James Church, Brownhills, at 10.45am. All are welcome to pay their respects.
“This will be followed by a strictly private committal of my immediate family only.
“Floral tributes are welcome to my home address or St James Church.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
“Donations on the day will be donated to Birmingham Children's Hospital."
Tragic Mylee Billingham murder one of the worst days for force, says police chief
She added: “Mylee was my angel, my true princess. She will have the send-off she truly deserves.
“Dress code all things bright and beautiful just as she was. With love, Mylee's mommy Tracey.”
Though hackers get more sophisticated every day, most cybersecurity attacks start the same way they always have: Someone clicks on a link they shouldn't have.
Often users are tricked by phishing emails that mimic a legitimate note from the boss or a senior corporate leader. And the links and sites can look secure. According to PhishLabs, nearly 25% of all phishing sites in the third quarter were hosted on HTTPS domains — almost double the rate of the previous quarter.
And even when the phishing email is amateurish, multitasking professionals absent-mindedly click while talking on the phone, and malware rushes in.
And there are drive-by attacks, in which a visitor to an apparently legit website gets infected by malicious code downloaded onto their computer without even clicking on anything.
Humans are incapable of detecting every phishing email or vetting every element of a website. It's not that we're dumb, necessarily, but the signs of malicious intent are generally invisible to the human eye.
As part of their effort to deflect these attacks, some banks are turning to isolated browsing, or remote browsing, technology. Such systems force all internet activity to happen in a protected space on the cloud, preventing malicious code from reaching a company's network. The technology is not brand new, but it is starting to gain traction as some large banks have finished their testing of it and are going public with their use of it.
JPMorgan Chase, American Express and HSBC announced Monday that they are leading a $40 million round of funding in the isolation-tech provider Menlo Security, bringing its total funding to $85 million.
The size and scope of the investment is notable.
“A $40 million round of financing is a meaningful financing,” said Rick Smith, head of private investments at JPMorgan, which began investing in Menlo two years ago. “If you look at the new investors — American Express, Ericsson, HSBC — those are all significant, meaningful organizations.”
Smith has been investing in information security businesses since 1979 and oversees all the investments JPMorgan makes off its balance sheet.
“Why? Because we're very big believers in this new paradigm, isolation technology,” Smith said. “Isolation technology is fairly new on the field, it's only 4 or 5 years old, and it's only beginning to get real traction in the marketplace. Menlo is a leader in that space.”
Large financial institutions rarely go public with their investments in, and uses of, security technology. They often say they don't want to put a target on their backs or encourage hackers to try to break any security they talk about.
In this case, Smith sees a broader good.
“It's in the best interest of everybody in the financial services industry” to know about and implement technology like this, Smith said.
For Amir Ben Efraim, co-founder and CEO of Menlo Security, what's unique about this Series C funding is the heavyweight financial-sector investors and partners who have been helping the company fine-tune its software.
How isolated browsing works
Using isolated browsing software is a little like viewing a zoo animal through a glass wall. You can see everything, but nothing dangerous can break through the wall and attack you.
In a bank that has implemented this technology, as soon as an employee clicks on a link, that link is opened in a protected, virtual glass box — a cloud instance run by a vendor. The experience shouldn't look or feel different to the user, and vendors say there's no delay. The isolation technology works across desktops, laptops and mobile devices.
“There's no chance of your device being infected because it's not allowed to ever connect directly to the outside world,” Efraim said. “What we do from there is mirror the session in a transparent way, and send the mirroring back to the end user, so they think it's a native interaction. They can't tell any of this is going on.”
Isolated browser technology can be integrated with an existing network so that all outbound requests — directly to the web or when clicking web links in email — go through the isolation platform. When an employee is traveling, a flag is set on all of the company's end-user devices, which ensures that they connect to the web through the isolation technology.
Gartner analysts have estimated that by 2021, 20% of enterprises will adopt a remote browser solution to isolate internet browsing from enterprise systems, up from less than 1% in 2016. Such organizations will experience a 70% reduction in attacks that compromise end-user systems, they say.
Authentic8, Aurionpro, Digital Guardian, Fireglass, Light Point Security and Ntrepid Corp. all offer this technology in addition to Menlo Security.
How JPM uses it
JPMorgan, which allocated $500 million of its $9.5 billion tech budget in 2016 to security, has been using Menlo's isolation technology for web browsing for two years.
Every time someone on JPMorgan's network clicks on a link, what appears to be a browser pops up on the person's computer as usual; it's really a one-time instance in the cloud. When a user clicks on to another web page, the previous browser is thrown away and a new instance is spun up in the cloud.
“It prevents downloading of malware onto your computer because everything is done in this isolated unit in the cloud,” Smith said.
JPMorgan is in the process of rolling out the same isolation technology for email to prevent phishing.
“You get an email from somebody and it says, ‘Urgent, reset your password!' There's always a sense of urgency about it, they're trying to get you go click on the link,” Smith said. “When you click on that link, if you're not protected, all kinds of bad things can get downloaded onto your computer, including keystroke monitoring software.”
Using the Menlo software, clicking on a link embedded in an email also triggers an instance in the cloud.
Not everyone's bullish
Al Pascual, senior vice president of research and head of fraud and security at Javelin Strategy & Research, isn't seeing banks rush to adopt isolation technology.
“This is not new technology; there are a number of providers in the market who have been offering this for a while,” he said. “I have not heard much among our clients as far as interest in deploying.”
Asked why this technology hasn't gained more momentum before now, Smith explained that sizable organizations tend to be conservative about making changes.
“This is protecting the core assets of a firm,” he said. “So people are very cautious about it, and they like to test things; they like to see how other people deal with such issues.”
Also, the startups that have the technology have limited sales and marketing budgets.
“It's hard to get your message out,” Smith said. “The marketplace is so fragmented and cluttered with thousands of young companies, how do you get through the noise to get the message out?”
Pascual suspects many banks are daunted by the expense of isolation technology.
“If you think about a bank that has hundreds of thousands of employees, deploying [the software] at scale can be cost prohibitive,” Pascual said.
Menlo's pricing is tiered with volume discounts based on the number of seats, starting at $100 per user per year. Efraim said this is in line with competing providers.
Pascual acknowledges that the technology is useful.
“Banks are being targeted by the kinds of attacks that take advantage of the fact that anyone can undertake a ransomware attack or phishing attack that's predicated on getting an employee to click a link, or even drive-by downloads,” he said. “There are very real threats these solutions can help mitigate.”
Editor at Large Penny Crosman welcomes feedback at penny.crosman@sourcemedia.com.
VIDEO: On the second day of disgraced ex-sports doctor Larry Nassar's final sentencing hearing, Randall Margraves, the father of three of the victim's tried to attack Nassar. The man charged across the room but was quickly tackled by bailiffs and lead from the courtroom. This hearing focuses on Nassar's work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. More than 30 victims have given statements so far. During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
PHOENIX, AZ--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Millions of Americans are in search of the perfect weight loss solution, but finding and maintaining an effective diet is no easy task. Generally speaking, reducing 500 calories per day results in 1 to 2 pounds of weight loss per week. Dieters can lose weight faster if they combine a balanced diet with physical activity or medical weight loss solutions.
The original hCG diet, developed by Dr. Simeons in the early 1950s, limited daily calorie consumption to just 500 calories and prescribed small doses of hCG (human chorionic gonadotropin). This diet was essentially starvation-based and resulted in negative effects like extreme weakness, hair loss, and muscle loss. For that reason, it was eventually declared "unsafe" by medical experts, nutritionists, and leading weight loss centers like Diet Doc Weight Loss.
hCG is a hormone produced during pregnancy that contains 244 amino acids and has been linked to rapid weight loss by supposedly reducing "abnormal" fat from cells and around internal organs. Now, as researchers have learned more about the hCG hormone, safer hCG treatment programs with higher calorie requirements are available. Typically, these programs involve undergoing hCG treatment while consuming between 800 to 1250 calories every day. As a result, dieters can lose weight consistently while minimizing the negative side effects associated with the original Simeons method of hCG dieting.
Diet Doc, a nationally recognized weight loss program, has continuously discouraged the Simeons method of hCG dieting and suggests high-calorie programs that involve safer weight loss. Doctor-supervision and diet customization based on nutritional needs are also highly recommended.
Regardless of their weight loss history or individual struggles, Diet Doc helps patients develop an individualized diet based on their nutritional needs or even their genetics. All Diet Doc programs provide a doctor-supervised, customized diet plan. Instead of encouraging patients to adopt harmful dietary practices with no prior medical knowledge, Diet Doc consults with patients to provide a detailed weight loss plan based on their nutritional needs and medical history.
Losing weight with Diet Doc is safe, simple and affordable. Nutrition plans, exercise guidance, motivational support, and dietary supplements are all part of the package. Over 90% of Diet Doc patients report an average weight loss of 20 or more pounds every month and long-term weight loss maintenance is made possible through continuous counseling.
Patients can get started immediately, with materials shipped directly to their home or office. They can also maintain weight loss in the long-term through weekly consultations, customized diet plans, motivational coaches and a powerful prescription program. With Diet Doc, the doctor is only a short phone call away and a fully dedicated team of qualified professionals is available 6 days per week to answer questions, address concerns and support patients.
Getting started with Diet Doc is very simple and affordable. New patients can easily visit https://www.dietdoc.com to quickly complete a health questionnaire and schedule an immediate, free online consultation.
About the Company:
Diet Doc Weight Loss is the nation's leader in medical, weight loss offering a full line of prescription medication, doctor, nurse and nutritional coaching support. For over a decade, Diet Doc has produced a sophisticated, doctor designed weight loss program that addresses each individual specific health need to promote fast, safe and long term weight loss.
Twitter: https://twitter.com/DietDocMedical
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DietDocMedicalWeightLoss/
LinkedIn: https://www.LinkedIn.com/company/diet-doc-weight-loss?trk=biz-brand-tree-co-logo
The Peach Bowl pits UW against Alabama in a high-stakes playoff. The athletes will be enemies on the field, but many of them are friends off.
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - Firefighters responded to a call of a boat on fire at a South Florida marina, Tuesday.
7Skyforce hovered over the scene as smoke poured from a yacht. The boat was docked at a marina near Southwest 23rd Avenue and Marina Bay Drive.
Workers on the scene were doing some repairs when the fire sparked.
It took about an hour before the flames were put out. One worker reportedly inhaled some smoke but is said to be OK.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Jason Njoku is the pioneering British-Nigerian founder and CEO of iROKO, a multimedia company that provides paid-for, on-demand Nollywood content to audiences worldwide. He spoke of his business experience in this interview culled from ‘How We Made It In Africa'. Excerpts
What's is the toughest situations you've found yourself in as a business owner?
In 2015, it was abundantly clear that we were “losing Africa”. By this I mean that most of Africa could not stream and therefore watch iROKOtv content because our customer base couldn't afford or didn't have access to reliable broadband required to watch our content.
So, as a company, we had aggregated an incredible and peerless catalogue of Nollywood content – as well as producing our own original TV series and movies – but the majority of our potential audience simply couldn't access it. No access means no subscriptions.
While we started as a diaspora-focused platform, the goal was to grow our audience aggressively in Africa, starting with Nigeria. So I had to take the tough decision of switching off the streaming capability of iROKOtv and rebuilding the product from scratch into a mobile-focused app that allowed for downloads.
This was time and resource intensive – we had to hire and train international tech teams, go back to the drawing board in terms of product design and UX, and we also caused some small confusion among our customers, which led to a drop in numbers, at first.
It was painful all round, in terms of redirecting resources for the new app, time and energy spent on building and product-testing, and then the difficulties of educating our audience about the app. The pain was short-lived, however, as within a few months, we saw our Africa number soar and mid-last year, we saw Nigeria become our number one subscriber base.
Which business achievement are you most proud of?
There have been a number of milestones that I'm proud of, however, I would say the most recent one was the launch of our linear TV channels: ROK on Sky in the UK and ROK on DStv across Africa. This felt almost like a coming-of-age for the company, moving into TV. For us, a start-up, to be producing enough amazing content to shake-up the linear TV market – and the fact that it was spearheaded by my wife, Mary Njoku – doubled my pride in the achievement.
And, importantly, it felt like progress; while I wouldn't say we have conquered digital content in Africa, we have pioneered it and grown the market considerably. So, to diversify our offering, by moving into a more traditional content-consumption platform felt like a big, bold move – and it was.
The feedback we've had from viewers has been startling – I think we even surprised ourselves at how this would affect the company. The feedback we get shows that people love our product: be it iROKOtv or ROK, they are proud that it is an African brand that represents them at home and abroad.
Describe your greatest weakness as an entrepreneur.
Stepping away from certain aspects of the business has always been a hard one for me. I built the business from scratch – just me, a computer and three screens in a small room in east London (UK) – so every aspect of the company always feels personal. I've had to learn to step away from certain areas of the business, knowing that I can't do everything. I don't believe this is an uncommon trait among entrepreneurs.
Which popular entrepreneurial advice do you disagree with?
That you need significant investment to start a company. Almost all of the companies that I have gone on to invest in, already have a business in place where the founders can show traction and growth. This demonstrates that there is a market for what they are trying to build and the founders are serious – they have done everything in their power to make it happen, money or no money.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LAS VEGAS (CBSMiami) — Victims are being remembered in Las Vegas as authorities continue to investigate why a gunman opened fire on a crowded music festival last weekend.
Fifty eight white crosses now line the Las Vegas Strip, a tribute to all the concert goers killed by Stephen Paddock. The crosses will remain in place for 40 days.
Investigators are still trying to figure out what led the 64-year-old to open fire at the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival.
Paddock's longtime girlfriend Marilou Danley told the FBI that she was concerned about his mental stability.
Some security analysts believe she knows more than she is revealing.
“She is giving little pieces of information at a time. She is really afraid to tell the truth and not being forthright because she is afraid she will get into trouble,” said CBS News law enforcement analyst Paul Viollis.
Officials say he had may have had his eye on other outdoor events with large crowds. They say he booked, but never checked into, a hotel room in Chicago overlooking the Lollapalooza music festival. The same goes for rooms overlooking another festival in Las Vegas and around Boston's Fenway Park.
“Until they actually completely complete this investigation we're not going to know what was on his mind,” said Randy Sutton, a retired veteran of the Las Vegas police department.
The massacre in Las Vegas has some Republicans on Capitol Hill open to banning the piece of equipment Paddock used to make his semi-automatic gun fire like a fully automatic.
Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein has already introduced legislation that would ban the import and sale of bump-stocks. House Speaker Paul Ryan thinks Congress should consider the idea.
“Automatic weapons have been outlawed for many many years, this seems to be a way of going around that,” he said.
On Thursday the NRA also signaled its support.
President Trump, when asked his opinion on banning bump stocks, told reporters “We'll be looking into that over the next short period of time.”
By Cole Lauterbach/Illinois Radio Network
SPRINGFIELD – If your grocery store breaks one egg in a carton, they used to have to throw the whole carton out. With the new year, that changes.
State Rep. Peter Breen, R-Lombard, said the bill he and a bipartisan host of lawmakers sponsored approaches Illinois' laws about egg carton consolidation with some common sense.
“When any egg was broken in a dozen eggs, you had to throw out the whole lot. With this bill, we do something called lot consolidation,” Breen said. “It's already being done in over 40 other states. Illinois eggs that our producers made and were being shipped to other states were consolidated. We couldn't do it here at home.”
Breen said the burdensome regulation being rolled back is a small step in a long walk to make Illinois more competitive of a marketplace for businesses.
“The process of fixing the broken regulatory environment in Illinois has to happen one step at a time,” Breen said. “This bill is symbolic of the broader fight to make Illinois a more business-friendly place, which will make it a more consumer-friendly place.”
The new law will still have consumer safeguards against spoiled eggs, but Breen said it will hopefully drive consumer prices down in saving eggs.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
American Girl(NEW YORK) — American Girl has announced its first boy character that will be available starting Feb. 18.
The 18-inch doll, named Logan Everett, comes with his own drum set and acts as an accompaniment to another new American Girl character, Nashville songwriter Tenney Grant.
“A boy character has been a top request from our fans for decades,” Julie Parks, a spokesperson for American Girl, told ABC News. “We do an enormous amount of research with girls and their parents, and the one thing we've heard loud and clear is a desire for more — specifically more characters and stories from today — with more experiences, more diversity, and more interests.”
The American Girl “Tenney” book series, written by Kellen Hertz and published by Scholastic, will feature both these characters.
This news comes on the heels of a recent announcement that many future American Girl dolls would feature a new non-removable underwear design — something that has divided devoted fans of the dolls.
One mom, Jennifer Goetzel, voiced her objections to the new feature. Goetzel, 32, expressed concern that non-removable underwear on the dolls could lead to body image issues. She said she isn't sure that her daughter would read the change positively.
“I'm worried about the message it's sending to her, that it's not okay to be nude or naked,” Goetzel said. “It sounds silly, and I know there are much bigger issues, but I just didn't like the direction it's going.”
However, not everyone is concerned with the change. Katie Forquer, a 22-year-old who purchases the dolls for collecting purposes, is unbothered and said she will continue to support the American Girl brand.
“I've been collecting American Girl dolls since 2002,” she said. “There have been a whole bunch of changes through that time. Nothing has ever been that big of a deal to where I've stopped doing what I love or stopped my hobby. It's okay with me.”
In a statement to ABC News, a representative for American Girl said the company does not think the changes will interfere with how its customers enjoy the product.
“Having observed for decades how girls play with our dolls, outfits, and accessories, we believe the change will not limit how a young girl imagines or interacts with her doll,” the statement said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A man in Sweden is charged with raping girls in Canada and two other countries entirely through online contact, in what prosecutors are calling a potentially precedent-setting case.
Bjorn Samstrom, whose trial is underway, is charged with dozens of offences, including "gross rape," involving 27 girls, two of them Canadian, according to one of the prosecutors in the case. The other girls are in the United States and Britain.
The allegations involving the Canadians date back to 2015, when the two girls — one from Ontario, the other from Alberta — were 13, the prosecutor said.
In an interview from Stockholm, Annika Wennerstrom said Samstrom is accused of coercing girls to perform sexual acts in front of webcams by threatening them or their families.
Under Swedish law, rape does not have to involve intercourse, Wennerstrom said. It can be another act considered to be equally violating.
The country's highest court has previously ruled that sexual assault, which is a lesser charge, can be committed through the internet but has yet to convict someone of rape in the same way, she said.
Wennerstrom said the courts have said in other cases that rape could "hypothetically" occur over the internet, but the offences being tried did not meet the threshold.
She believes the crimes Samstrom is accused of committing are "horrific" enough to be considered rape.
"We see them as rape of a different kind," she said. "They are forced to do it, they are threatened to do it, it's painful and it goes on, in some cases, for a long time. They have absolutely no choice and they are terrified."
Police found video recordings of young English-speaking girls while investigating Samstrom in connection with another alleged sex crime involving Swedish complainants, the lawyer said. In some of the footage, they could hear Samstrom's voice or see other information that linked him to the video, she said.
Prosecutors reached out to Canadian authorities and the case was brought to the attention of the RCMP, who worked with local police to identify the girls, she said.
Eventually, a delegation from Sweden travelled to Canada to help interview the two girls, now 15, she said. Video of the interviews will be presented at Samstrom's trial so the teens won't have to testify, she said.
The trial is expected to wrap in November, but Wennerstrom predicted the decision will be appealed regardless of the outcome.
Paola Loriggio, The Canadian Press
Play Your Part programme is Brand South Africa's nationwide programme that encourages active citizenship and looks to impact the country positively in order to fulfil the bigger picture of building a positive Nation Brand.
Active citizenship means people get involved in their local communities and democracy at all levels, from towns and cities to nationwide projects and dedicating their own time/resources / talents to contribute to their local communities.
There are numerous opportunities, big and small, for each and every individual to make a positive difference in the communities in which they live and operate.
Founder of “Bow Tie Challenge”, Chris Megaffin, is a teacher who is originally from Toronto, Canada. He is a fashion activist who is on a mission to fight for social justice and he is using bow ties to achieve this.
Earlier this year the Bow Tie Challenge was launched. The Bowtie Challenge is a fund-raising initiative that was born as a result of his passion for teaching, interest in fashion and desire to make a difference in his local community. Chris pledged to wear a different bow tie every day for 365 days a year starting January 1st, 2018.
“As an international teacher, I have come across educational inequalities in every country where I have taught and I have always wondered what I could do to make difference in the lives of these children”.
South Africa has some of the highest levels of socio-economic inequality in the world, and this is nowhere more apparent than in the educational system across South Africa. Statistics South Africa also show that children from disadvantaged backgrounds spend an average of 3 years less time in school than their privileged counterparts.
Also, fewer of these children are put into early childhood development programmes – which we know to be fundamental to a child's education and development. The situation feeds youth unemployment, and contributes to general instability in the country, as millions of South Africans cannot afford to buy food or access healthcare, decent sanitation and other essentials of a dignified life.
Chris is using the campaign to raise awareness about the importance of education and to raise funds for Afrika Tikkun. Afrika Tikkun is a non-profit organization with a mission to provide children from underprivileged communities in South Africa with high-quality education and development from cradle to career.
Ensuring quality education is a national priority. The National Development Plan describes education as a key lever to improving the quality of life in a society. Education improves the overall skills and abilities of the workforce, leading to greater productivity which contributes to economic growth.
Chris is collaborating with some of South Africa's up and coming designers who will help design the bow ties. He says this is to help support local businesses and give the designers exposure.
Meet local designer Shwezu
Shwezu have designed a bow tie especially for the campaign in the colours of the South African flag.
“When approached with the opportunity to design and produce a range of bow ties for this initiative, we didn't hesitate for a second. Not only is it fun, colourful, creative and inspiring but it also resonates with Shwezu.co.za‘s ultimate aim – to contribute to the growth and prosperity of our nation. For this reason, we only use local materials and producers to create our unique Shwezu Shweshwe bow ties and other products. We strongly believe that by acquiring new skills (e.g. fashion design and sewing) through a good education, the youth of South Africa have the ability to unlock countless opportunities to grow and thrive.”
Shwezu is an online store for South African inspired fashion, shoes, bags, accessories and gifts all tied together by one common denominator, Shweshwe – the iconically South African fabric.
How to get involved
Donate to The Bow Tie Challenge via http://thetravelingeducator.com/2017/09/the-bowtie-challenge
Share the Challenge on social media to raise awareness about the inequalities of education in South Africa
Join the challenge, upload a photo of yourself wearing a bow tie to any social media platform #bowtiechallenge
Facebook – https://www.facebook.com/thebowtiechallenge/?ref=bookmarks
Twitter – https://twitter.com/bowtiechallenge
Instagram – https://www.instagram.com/the.bow.tie.challenge/
Welcome to Wednesday's LIVE Derby County blog from Derbyshire Live.
We'll keep you up to date with all the Rams' transfer activity as it happens, with the club's first outgoing announced yesterday as Andreas Weimann left Pride Park Stadium to join Championship rivals Bristol City.
There will be updates on that throughout the day, as well as much more with Frank Lampard's side recently linked with a move for Chelsea's Tammy Abraham and Peterborough United's Jack Marriott.
We'll bring you all that, plus much more with transfer chatter from around the League and updates from the World Cup.
We want you to get involved with tomorrow's blog by tweeting us @dcfc_live or joining the conversation on Facebook . You can also leave us a comment below.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Sudesh Mani outside the High court in Suva today. Picture: RAMA
Update: 5:18PM THE trial proper for a man charged with murder will begin before Justice Salesi Temo at the High Court in Suva tomorrow.
The trial was scheduled for this afternoon however Justice Temo has adjourned the matter to begin tomorrow morning.
Standing trial is Sudesh Mani who is alleged to have killed an 84-year-old woman in Lautoka in 2013.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was always going to be a special season for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
That's the verdict of left-back Barry Douglas who believes Nuno Espirito Santo's men knew from the start that they were in for a great season.
Speaking to BBC Radio Scotland , Douglas explained how Santo built a team of flair and belief.
He stated: "Right from the very get go, we knew it was going to be special.
"The individual talent is there to see. You've got players like [Diogo] Jota, [Ruben] Neves who are are going to go on to top, top teams.
"It's just the spirit we've got as a team, as a whole. Everything's about the team, not individuals and I think that's why we've been so successful this year.
"One of the things that is his biggest attribute is he demands so much - the intensity, the attention to detail in training," said Douglas of Nuno on Sportsound.
"The way that he plays, the philosophy and formation just suits me to a tee and we've complimented each other this season.
"We set the pedestal early doors didn't we? And we had to just maintain it and thankfully last week we got over the line and claimed the Championship."
Remember him?
Reports in Italy are suggesting that Inter Milan will need to sell before they can buy this summer - which could make former Wolves target Andrea Pinamonti available.
Pinamonti, only 19, was linked with a move to Molineux in the January transfer window but instead Nuno moved to bring in strike pair Rafa Mir and Benik Afobe.
With the club preparing for a campaign in the top flight, it's likely that Wanderers will be quite active in the market this summer.
Though neither Leo Bonatini nor Afobe are permanent deals, there has been a suggestion that the club may chase the latter up in a permanent deal.
The forward is rated highly within Italian football and has represented the country at several youth levels through from under-15s to under-19s.
Pinamonti was linked with a number of top clubs in January including Liverpool after making his debut in the Europa League last December.
Knocked back
Sunderland have knocked back Wolverhampton Wanderers' request to purchase more tickets for away fans for the old gold promotion party on the final weekend of the season.
Black Cats officials believe Wolves couldn't realistically be allocated any more visiting supporters without uprooting their own season ticket holders - despite the fact that the Stadium of Light has remained half empty this season.
It'll be an afternoon of differing emotions on May 6 - Wolves are of course looking forward to a Premier League campaign next season while the Mackems are facing a term in League One.
While the atmosphere will be jubilant among the waves of Wanderers fans, more than 2,500 of them, the club have been denied permission to bring more.
“We gave full consideration to this request when it was first made by Wolves a few weeks ago,” a club spokesman said .
“To put some context into the issue, the away supporters are situated in the upper north stand at the Stadium of Light, the east end of the away section is the end of the stand itself.
“With this in mind, the only additional seats that logistically we could consider allocating to Wolves supporters were in the upper north west corner.
“This corner houses a significant number of Sunderland season cardholders, many of whom have held their seats for many years.
“Given that these supporters will already be relocated when this area closes next season, we felt it would be insensitive to relocate them for the final match of the season.
“We did look at other areas within the lower bowl of the stadium, but again due to the presence of home season cardholders there is no area we can safely allocate to Wolves supporters.
“We appreciate that this will be disappointing for our visitors, but we hope they understand that we made best endeavours to meet their request, but unfortunately it has not been possible for the reasons outlined above.”
Hijacked!
"And it's hi ho... Aston Villa! "
It's fair to say those weren't the words Steve Bull was expecting when the Wolverhampton Wanderers legend was celebrating his former club's promotion as champions.
The Molineux favourite was enjoying a sing-a-long to mark Wolves' title triumph in Marbella for the Steve Bull Events Golf Classic.
Bully was leading the festivities in a packed out room who were belting out "hi ho Wolverhampton".
But the lyrics were altered slightly when another Midlands football legend, Gordon Cowans, got hold of the microphone to add a Villa twist to the song.
It was all good natured, though, with the pair chuckling to one another after the cheeky change of chorus.
Villa could be joining Wolves in the Premier League next season with Steve Bruce's men having secured their spot in the play-offs.
You can watch the video at the top of the page to see the celebrations.
Iranian Messi
Wolverhampton Wanderers are reportedly one of five clubs in the UK to have been credited with an interest in Sardar Azmoun this summer - who has been dubbed the ‘Iranian Messi'.
Azmoun, who plays for Rubin Kazan in Russia, has scored four goals at domestic level this season.
The 23-year-old has a much more impressive strike rate at international level, though - form that led to his aforementioned nickname.
Azmoun has 23 goals from his 31 caps for Iran, making him the nation's fifth highest scorer at all time, and it's helped Iran reach the World Cup this summer in the country where he plays.
He can play as a centre forward, or behind the striker.
Wolves aren't alone in their supposed interest, though; the Sunday People claim that Everton, Celtic, Leicester and Fulham are all interested in Azmoun too.
Wanderers are expected to be active in the market this summer; a number of loanees need their futures resolving and the squad will require additions ahead of an assault on the Premier League, after promotion was confirmed.
Mansfield Town pundit Martin Shaw has given us his player ratings for the Stags side who played in the 3-1 home win against Barnet on Saturday.
Alex MacDonald caught Martin's eye with a man-of-the-match rating, but do you agree?
To see Martin Shaw's ratings, click on the gallery and see his score for each player out of a maximum 10.
Have your say below, on our Facebook page or by email at sport.nmsy@jpress.co.uk
Dana Oland is a former professional dancer and member of Actors Equity who writes about performing and visual arts for the Idaho Statesman. She also writes about food, wine, pets, jazz and other aspects of the good life in Boise.
Backed-up roads do not make for a livable city, writes Susan Karnes. Pictured here is traffic on Eagle Road near Fairview Avenue. Darin Oswald doswald@idahostatesman.com
Quentin Road closed near Lake Zurich due to fire
hello
Quentin Road is closed between Old McHenry and Half Day roads near Lake Zurich due to a serious fire, officials are reporting.
Lake Zurich fire officials posted on their Facebook page that all crews responded to the structure fire on the 24000 block of North Quentin Road about 7:45 a.m.
The cause of the blaze and any injuries are unknown.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
US jobs data doesn't rule out December interest rate move – analysts
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
A Ghanaian grandmother who claimed she had wanted to stop his grandson from sucking his fingers has finally burnt his left thumb. The granny identified as Aunt Owusuah is said to have accused the boy of cultivating an unhealthy habit of sucking his fingers which resulted in burn bruises. Speaking to My News Gh, a neighbor who heard the poor boy crying confirmed the incident saying: ‘His
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryanair is calling on UK airports to enforce a two-drink limit after it was revealed the number of passengers arrested for drunken behaviour increased by 50% in the last year.
The airline has already banned customers from drinking duty-free alcohol on flights and stopped people flying from Glasgow Prestwick and Manchester to Alicante and Ibiza from bringing it on board the aircraft at all.
The company is now urging airports to ban the sale of alcohol before 10am and to limit the number of drinks per boarding pass to a maximum of two.
Ryanair's Kenny Jacobs said: "This is an issue which the airports must now address and we are calling for significant changes to prohibit the sale of alcohol at airports, particularly with early morning flights and when flights are delayed."
But MirrorOnline has seen a list of individual crew targets on alcohol, cigarettes and even scratchcards, for each flight a member of crew works.
In an email about "August Targets" to staff, seen by the Mirror Online, each crew member is instructed to sell four "liquor" drinks, nine "hot or cold drinks" from the bar and five scratch cards per sector.
It also says each individual member of crew should sell "two cigs and two alcohols" per sector - as well as giving other targets for snacks, confectionery, fresh food, perfumes, cosmetics and gifts.
Staff are also told when selling snacks to "link sell with liquor" - and "all crew" are instructed they "must sell until 15 minutes to landing" on every sector.
"Individual targets will be checked and monitored daily," the email says.
A sector, in airline terms, is a portion of an itinerary, or journey, which may consist of one or more legs - with a leg being the portion of a journey between two consecutive scheduled stops on any particular flight.
An employee who contacted MirrorOnline - and wanted to remain anonymous - said 'all they care about are sales.'
The member of staff also further claimed staff are "threatened everyday with disciplinary action."
The anonymous employee told Mirror Online: "Ryanair state that not much alcohol is sold on board yet they (set) the targets that their cabin crew in London Stansted bases receive everyday.
"Cabin crew are threatened everyday with disciplinary action."
The call comes after figures obtained by BBC Panorama from 18 out of 20 police forces with a major UK airport on their patch revealed a surge in arrests for drunken behaviour on flights or at UK airports.
There was a total of 387 in the year to February 2017, up from 255 in the period from February 2015 to 2016, according to the statistics .
Ally Murphy, a former Virgin Airlines cabin crew manager, told Panorama: "People just see us as barmaids in the sky.
"I was pulled into an upper-class bed by a passenger who was feeling particularly lucky I guess.
"They would touch your breasts, or they'd touch your bum or your legs, or I mean I've had hands going up my skirt before.
"It's rage inducing, and you shouldn't have to deal with that.
"I guess I never reported it to the police because sadly, and this is completely wrong and only really occurring to me now, you kind of just accept it as part of the job. And it shouldn't be."
Another cabin crew member, who was unnamed in the programme, said airline workers had found "countless" litre bottles of vodka and they felt that Alicante, Ibiza and Palma were among the worst routes.
Alexandra Wilms, of the Balearic Ministry of Tourism, called for "high fines" to try and deal with the problem as "these kinds of people don't understand any other thing than really getting punished by paying a lot of money" while Airport Operators' Association chief executive Karen Dee rejected suggestions airports are irresponsibly selling alcohol.
Ms Dee said: "The sale of alcohol per se is not a problem. It's the misuse of it and drinking to excess and then behaving badly."
Panorama also points out that the UK aviation industry brought in a voluntary code a year ago.
It recommends that airports and airlines should work together to limit disruptive behaviour and sell alcohol responsibly.
Most of the big airlines and airports have signed up to this.
Widgetized Section
Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone
Dubai
Emirates Hills still rules as the place where investors should head to for the costliest properties in Dubai — there is currently one going for Dh129.9 million. The next two spots are taken by homes on the Palm with asking prices of Dh115 and Dh80 million, respectively, based on listings with Luxhabitat.
In fact, Palm addresses dominate the list, with the only outsiders other than Emirates Hills being a penthouse in the Downtown (for Dh28.7 million at the 118 tower) and a villa at Al Barari (for Dh48 million).
Investors opting for higher-end properties have started to be active again in the local marketplace, A statement issued by the Dubai Land Department last month talks about the Burj Khalifa units featuring among the priciest transactions done since the start of the year.
Of late, developers with high-end off-plan projects have been chasing sales by spreading the payment terms and lowering the upfront cost burden. But unlike last year, they are more ready to come out with new high-end projects, another indication that they are starting to feel confident about prospects all over again.
For information on the real estate sector, within the UAE, please visit our sister site, GNProperty.com.
How your child can develop interest in Mathematics
Many students lose interest in Mathematics because of the difficult and cumbersome processes applied by their teachers, consequently many children, right from the tender age, developed cold feet in solving mathematics problems.
There is a need to be more creative in teaching the subject to make such students interested in it., adopting the computer in teaching them the subject and how to solve problems can be a means of endearing them to it.
The computer makes it easier for students to assimilate and sharpens their numerical sense, which is naturally endowed to everyone.
The computer, as an easy method of solving mathematical problems, was introduced by the United Nations Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF).
“Children should be trained to be human calculators, as this means of solving mathematics equations enables them to think fast.
“This method is obtainable in foreign countries, so nothing should stop us from imbibing it as prescribed by UNICEF.
“UNICEF prescribed the adoption of the system to promote developing countries, and children from four years can start practising it,'' he said.
So,let your child go to schools that are equipped with modern computer systems for the children.
Parents should alsoengage their wards on the computer applications at their leisure, so as to complement whatever they learn in schools.
Students who are good mathematicians do not have problems with other subjects.
“Parents must ensure that their children are used to operating the computer systems regularly
This is the third time CRN has honored 2nd Watch in the past year
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - 2nd Watch, the managed public cloud company, announces that CRN, a brand of The Channel Company, has named 2nd Watch to the 2017 Managed Service Provider (MSP) 500 list in the Pioneer 250 category. The distinction is the third CRN recognition for 2nd Watch, an original AWS Premier Consulting Partner, in the past year, including the 2016 Next-Gen 250 and the 2016 Emerging Vendors.
The MSP500 is CRN's annual list recognizing the top managed service providers in North America. The list is comprised of three groups: the Elite 150, enterprise-focused resellers with a significant managed service offering; the Pioneer 250, for providers with a business model heavily weighted toward managed services; and the Managed Security 100, recognizing providers and resellers offering a significant managed security practice.
2nd Watch is an expert in AWS cloud computing, having earned AWS Competencies in Financial Services, Migration, DevOps, Big Data, Marketing and Commerce, Life Sciences and SharePoint. The firm is also recognized as an AWS Managed Service Partner, with customers including Crate & Barrel, Condé Nast, Coca-Cola and Yamaha. In 2016, 2nd Watch was ranked 92nd on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500.
"Increasingly, enterprise customers are looking for MSPs with deep cloud expertise, given the opportunities for economies of scale and rapid innovation," says Jeff Aden, EVP of Marketing & Strategic Business Development & Co-Founder at 2nd Watch. "We are honored to be among this list of top MSPs, and we'll continue to focus on helping large companies move to the cloud and optimize their results and reduce risks once there."
"Managed service providers play an increasingly important role in the day-to-day operations of businesses across North America," said Robert Faletra, CEO of The Channel Company. "MSPs help organizations streamline their spending, effectively allocate limited resources, and benefit from advanced expertise in the latest technologies. We congratulate the service providers on CRN's 2017 MSP500 list, who have continually succeeded in meeting their customers' changing needs and help them get the most out of their IT investments."
The MSP500 list will be featured in the February 2017 issue of CRN and online at www.CRN.com/msp500.
About 2nd Watch
2nd Watch is an AWS Premier Partner providing managed cloud to enterprises. The company's subject-matter experts, software-enabled services and cutting-edge solutions provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions, allowing them to fully leverage the power of the public cloud. 2nd Watch solutions are high performing, robust, increase operational excellence, decrease time to market, accelerate growth and lower risk. Its patent-pending, proprietary tools automate everyday workload management processes for big data analytics, digital marketing, line-of-business and cloud native workloads. 2nd Watch is a new breed of partner which helps enterprises design, deploy and manage cloud solutions and monitors business critical workloads 24x7. 2nd Watch has more than 400 enterprise workloads under its management and more than 100,000 instances in its managed public cloud. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” he said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” he revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
With all the crazy stuff that has been going on as of late, hurricanes, not standing for the National Anthem, taking statues down, and that lunatic taking the lives of many in Vegas, I feel compelled in asking why our top riders opt out of racing the MXDN. I know if I had that kind of talent and opportunity I'd be the first to stand up with both hands in the air to go and represent the U.S. I know Monster Cup is around the corner and schedules are tight blah, blah, blah, but not very long ago it was an honor to be part of the American team. I'm a little worried now with this gut feeling that maybe our guys are a little spooked getting their butts kicked by the Euros. Roger didn't seem too excited about next year either and it makes me wonder what's going to happen with the red, white and blue in upcoming MXDN races. What's your take on this?
?,
You skim right over the blah, blah, blah part like it's not a big deal, but that's the part that you don't understand. There are quite a few things at work when it comes to this topic so I'll break them down and give you my thoughts. First, American riders have become supercross specialists. We spend eight months of the year focusing on stadium racing and then quickly switch over and race motocross for three months because it's in our contracts. GP riders focus on motocross all year long and they work hard to improve their craft. That isn't to say our best riders aren't capable of winning anymore, but GP racers have closed whatever speed/technique gap we had. This makes it much more difficult to win. Even when we sent our best riders to Germany a couple years ago—Tomac, Dungey, Barcia—we didn't win. Add to that the fickle nature of motocross fans who will blast you for turning down an offer to go and then turn around and blast the riders who did answer the call if they don't perform up to their standards. It's absurd.
Additionally, the U.S. team has lost its esprit de corps over the years. The riders pit in different areas, the team manager spends more time in the KTM truck than working with the U.S. riders, and it's every man for himself instead of a team effort. Those facts, combined with the losses, have crushed morale and enthusiasm for the event over the last decade. If you want to see how it should be done, see the American effort in the 1980s and 1990s, or take a look at the French team—those guys are thick as thieves all weekend long.
And then, on top of it all, is the pragmatic consideration. National pride and peer pressure aside, it isn't in a U.S. rider's best interest to commit to the MXoN the way it is currently scheduled. Cole Seely put off a surgery that he needed for a month to go this year. That means his prep for 2018 is now four weeks behind, his confidence was rattled, and fans are smashing him for not winning. Even without the surgery, Cole gave up the only few weeks these racers have to rest all year. Thomas Covington, a 250 GP winner, was pushed to a 450 for the event and he tore his ACL in the process. That doesn't help his cause for 2018. Riders have a short window for success in this sport and they get paid to win races from January to September. Any race, and I mean any, outside of that time frame is unnecessary and ultimately a distraction for them. I don't say that flippantly; I'm as proud of an American as anyone. But providing for your family has to be the priority and I understand completely when these guys turn it down.
The fix is two parts. First, move the event up a month. It needs to be scheduled the first available weekend after the last National and GP. The 2018 race at RedBud is five weeks after Indiana and that is absolutely unacceptable for American riders. Also, the U.S. team needs to reevaluate our entire effort. From the top down, it might be time for some new folks to step in and take the reins. Hopefully 2018 is the year we turn it around and hopefully the promoters realize the best American riders will continue to stay home until they schedule the race at a more convenient time.
PING
Ping,
Look forward to reading your column every Friday. I also really enjoy the garage builds you put together. It's really cool to see a pro rider appreciate the process of building a bike and all the work that goes into it. Not to say factory riders don't appreciate what their mechanics/teams do for them, but to see pros build their own bikes at home for the love of spinning some T-handles is pretty sweet and something I relate to closely. Maybe you and Chad Reed should have a bike build-off… Anyways, here's my question. As someone who has gotten to race on factory suspension, and as a test rider who rides the newest bikes every year and dials in stock suspension, how amazing is factory suspension and how much of an advantage is it? I've been racing locally since I could walk and have had suspension revalved for my weight/ability over the years, but I have always wondered, as many other guys, what it would be like to spin a few laps on some factory stuff…
-Mitch
The obsession with the Golden Knights continues as they head to the Stanley Cup Final. The team has taken over the lives of almost everyone in Las Vegas.
Hairstylist Melinda Barlow has worked in Las Vegas for more than 17 years. She books appointments months in advance, but lately has had to reschedule clients who refuse to miss a game.
“I have people like my client, Kristen, who called and said, ‘Okay, my appointment is during Game 5 and just in case, I can't even risk it, so we have to change it.' But it's been happening all the time and I've seriously never seen Vegas come together like this about something, it's crazy!”
She said they've started streaming the game in the salon for those clients that don't reschedule.
At EOS fitness, Regional VP Eric McCauley said they make game days like a party.
“We play the game on half our TVs and we also do Vegas Knight day so all of our employees wear our jerseys, T-shirts, hats, and support the Golden knights anyway we can.”
He said 5 p.m. on game day that classes are a little slower, but they have a plan going into the Stanley Cup Final.
“We're gonna start announcing score updates through the intercom systems through the clubs,” McCauley said.
At PKWY Tavern, game days are like the Super Bowl.
“There's not an empty seat in the house. We're actually even bringing in extra tables and chairs and creating places for people to be able to see because we don't want to turn people away,” PKWY Tavern's Jaimesen Mapes said. “It's all hands on deck and then some.”
They do free shots for every Golden Knights goal and have a plethora of deals going on during each game. They've even replicated the score horn sound from T-Mobile Arena.
“Each team in the NHL actually has its own unique horn when their team scores so we actually recreated that, built a button that ties into our sound systems so every time the Golden knights score, that button gets pushed and it sounds like you're in the arena,” Mapes said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON -- The Senate Banking Committee voted Wednesday to approve the nomination of Pam Patenaude to be the deputy secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Her nomination to be the No. 2 at HUD now goes to the full Senate, where she is expected to be confirmed.
The Pawn 1 in Hayden as seen on Tuesday, June 26, 2018. Kathy Plonka The Spokesman-Review
CBS4CBS4 is now on CBSMiami.com. It's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out […]
My TV 33My TV33 is on CBSMiami.comIt's the same great news, weather, and investigations you found on cbs4.com, but we've added a whole new range of great items and features to help you get more out of […]
WQAMMiami's Sports Radio 560 WQAM is South Florida's original sports station. For a quarter century, WQAM has brought the region live coverage of their favorite teams and been home to the most popular and beloved […]
South Florida H.S. SportsSFHSSports is now on CBSMiami.com! We're a part of the CBS Miami family… Visit us at http://miami.cbslocal.com/category/sfhssports . Our “crew” Larry Blustein SFHSSports Senior Writer FloridaKids1@aol.com . We want to hear […]
French President François Hollande predicted "a year of victories against terrorism" on a visit to Baghdad on Monday. Addressing French troops training an elite Iraqi anti-terror unit, he said that the fight in Iraq was a way of preventing terror attacks in France.
2017 will be "a year of victories against terrorism", Hollande told about 40 French military instructors, adding "Action against terrrorism here in Iraq is also a way of preventing terrorist acts on our own soil."
But "victory" is meaningless without the "reconstruction" of Iraq, he went on, saying that this was another condition for preventing "actions by Daesh [the Islamic State armed group, IS] on our own territory".
At least 17 people were killed and several dozen injured by a carbomb driven by a suicide attacker in the Shia-Muslim-majority district of Sadr City in Baghdad during Hollande's visit.
Only anti-IS head of state to visit Iraq
Hollande, who visited Iraq in September 2014, is the only head of state from a country in the US-led coalition fighting IS to go there.
France's presence in Iraq France is the second-largest participant in the 60-nation coalition after the US.
participant in the 60-nation coalition after the US. Since it joined in 2014, French aircraft have conducted 5,700 sorties and about 1,000 airstrikes , destroying more than 1,700 targets , according to defence ministry figures.
and about , destroying more than , according to defence ministry figures. France has 14 Rafale fighters , stationed in Jordan and the United Arab Emirates.
, stationed in Jordan and the United Arab Emirates. It has 500 soldiers training and advising Iraqi elite forces.
training and advising Iraqi elite forces. French Caesar artillery vehicles are stationed south of Mosul to support the recaptureof the city.
are stationed south of Mosul to support the recaptureof the city. French nationals are among the largest contingents of foreigh fighters in IS's ranks.
In Baghdad, he was to meet Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, a Shia, and Speaker of Parliament, Salim al-Juburi, a Sunni.
He was then to go to Erbil, where he was to meet President Fuad Masum, a Kurd.
Erbil is about 60 kilometres from Mosul, which Iraqi forces backed by international coalition air power and artillery are fighting to recapture from IS.
The presidential plane was carrying 38 tonnes of humanitarian aid, including five tonnes of medical supplies, for some of the 10 million people needing aid in Iraq.
French opposition calls for talks with Putin
France is "totally offside" when it comes to the battle with IS in Syria, the right-wing presidential candidate François Fillon's spokesman said on Monday.
"As soon as the Russians and the Turks, [Turkish President Recep Tayyip] Erdoğan and [Russian President Vladimir] Putin, begin to come to agreement on political solutions in Syria, that means that we are totally offside," Republicans MP Benoist Apparu declared.
Russia has been subject to European sanctions since it took Crimea from Ukraine but refusing to talk to Putin is "untenable", Apparu said.
"It is Putin who has had the keys to Syria and the war on the ground against the Islamic State for the last three years," he claimed, describing the demand that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad quit as a condition for negotiations as "morally interesting but useless on the ground".
Turkish artillery and fighter planes attacked IS targets, killing 22 fighters, in Al Bab on Monday, the Turkish military announced, while Russia said it had bombed targets south-west of the IS-held town.
French aircraft on Monday bombed the Syrian city of Palmyra, recently recaptured by IS, Hollande announced during his Baghdad visit.
SEATTLE (WSVN) — Thieves in Seattle ran out of a store with stolen goods, only to find police waiting for them.
Seattle Police greeted the suspects at the emergency exit of a Costco store on March 14 as a duo tried to get away with boxes of computers and vacuum cleaners.
An employee at the retailer called 911 after recognizing one of the suspects from a previous store theft.
The agency released body cam video of the incident, showing officers blocking in the suspected getaway driver. Then the cops waited as the pair inside kicked the fire exit door open, running into the waiting arms of officers.
Police said the group is believed to have stolen items from another Costco earlier that same day.
Officers arrested a 30-year-old man and 21-year-old woman who tried to carry out the stolen merchandise, along with the 18-year-old woman in the getaway car.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Andrew Holland died while in custody at San Luis Obispo County Jail in 2017, after being restrained for 46 hours. This is a look at the events that led to his death, the county's response and the inmates who have died in custody since Holland.
When Does Love Island 2018 Start & Is Caroline Flack Presenting? The Latest Gossip, Contestants & More
As one of the most popular shows on TV, Love Island 2018 is set to take over the nation's screens once more and we can't wait. Find out everyhting you need to know about the show including whether or not Caroline Flack is still hosting...
If you're craving that juicy Love Island gossip during what is set to be the best series yet, then we've got exactly what you need. A bunch of hot, young singletons fighting it out to couple up and find love? - yes please!
After 2017 was such a brilliant series, we're super hyped for the 2018 edition, so here's everything you need to know about the hottest reality show on TV...
> Survival Of The Fittest: The Complete List Of The Cast's Social Media Accounts
When Does Love Island Start?
The fourth series of Love Island looks like it'll be launching on Monday 4th June February 2018 at 9pm.
Taking to her Twitter account, the show's host Caroline Flack wrote '2 . Months' whilst she's also pinned a tweet she'd posted last year on the launch night of the 2017 series which said, 'It's LOVE ISLAND DAY #loveisland'.
With the last series beginning on Monday 5th June 2017, it therefore makes perfect sense for the 2018 series to begin on Monday 4th June this year and that adds up with Caroline's tweet too.
So get that date in your calendar ASAP, set an alarm and prepare for another summer of incredible TV.
What Channel Is Love Island 2018 On?
Love Island 2018 will be shown on ITV2, much like the previous versions of the show.
Who Is Presenting Love Island 2018?
Having hosted the show since 2015, 38 year old presenter Caroline Flack is back to host the 2018 series too! Her Instagram is @carolineflack.
Caroline has been dating former Celebrity Big Brother contestant Andrew Brady for several months and their relationship as gained a lot of intrest from the media. Will Andrew be joining Caroline out in the villa? We'll have to wait and see!
A post shared by Caroline Flack (@carolineflack) onJan 13, 2018 at 1:17pm PST
What Is The Love Island 2018 Prize Money?
When couples win Love Island, they are awarded a prize fund worth £50,000. Not bad for spending the summer in a villa with some gorgeous housemates and finiding love eh.
This time around though, you'll be voting for one solo Love Island winner and that person will be able to choose whether they split the £50,000 cash prize with their partner or not. Oooh just imagine the drama if they don't!
Where Is The Love Island 2018 Villa?
The Love Island villa was located in Mallorca for 2017 and the 2018 series is no different. Contestant on the show will be treated to a massive hot tub and plenty of other luxurious settings in arguably the best villa yet.
As we know, the weather is always beautiful during the summer onths in Mallorca, so the contsetants can look forward to coupling up in the sun and spending plenty of time in the pool during the series!
Who Is The Love Island 2018 Voiceover?
The voiceover on the show is comedian Iain Stirling. The 30 year old funnyman is currently dating the persenter of Love Island's sister show Survival Of The Fittest, Laura Whitmore. His Instagram is @iaindoesjokes.
And so it begins... A post shared by Iain Stirling (@iaindoesjokes) onApr 23, 2018 at 3:17am PDT
Who Is In The Cast Of Love Island 2018?
So far we don't have an official cast list for the Love Island 2018 line up, but presneter Caroline Flack did claim that she's already seen the people we'll be casting our eyes on all summer and claimed it's gonna be a 'LONG HOT SUMMER'!
So I had a sneak peek at this year's LOVE ISLANDERS today..... and .... it's gonna be a LONG HOT SUMMER ...@LoveIsland — caroline flack (@carolineflack1) April 19, 2018
How Long Does Love Island 2018 Last?
In previous series' Love Island has run for seven weeks, but it's reported that due to the success of the last series, producers are looking to expand the 2018 edition by a week, meaning it'll last eight weeks!
An extra week of hot Love Island goodness!? Yes please!
> Download Our Free App For All The Latest Love Island News!
Whilst you're here, remind yourself of this classic moment from Love Island 2017...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brave Sutton Coldfield woman who was stabbed in the centre of town when she was heavily pregnant gave a forthright interview on a top daytime TV show this week.
Natalie Queiroz who was stabbed 24 times by her partner Babur Raja while walking down Trinity Hill, when at the time she was eight months pregnant, spoke about her ordeal with Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on ITV's This Morning on Monday (October 2).
She revealed that her trip to a bank in Sutton town centre on March 4, 2016 had been orchestrated by Raja – who she called Bobby, that he had never been violent before and that she has since faced her attacker in prison to asked why he did it.
Natalie spoke to the Observer and revealed why she went on This Morning and said: “I knew I wanted to do one, just to say my side of the story, get the real facts out there after so many different reports across the news and highlight the amazing people who saved me and the fundraising for the Midlands Air Ambulance.
“The interview was cut slightly down because of the terrible events in Vegas with the shooting, hence the MAA fundraising didn't come out.
“I also wanted to have it out there that I am writing a book, which is work in progress. Something I set as a personal goal after the attack. Taking people through all events before and after the attack, and showing my rebuild - how to pull life back together after the worst has happened.
“I hope it may help people in some way.
“The reaction has been amazing. A lot of support through both Twitter and Facebook.. people have been amazing and I'm humbled by their response.”
Natalie revealed on This Morning that she knew Raja since her school days when she was 15. She said he was always the ‘sensible one' who did not drink and gave her and her friends lifts home when they were in sixth form.
The couple had been together 18 months and the now mum-of-three said there had been no signs of the violence that took place last March. Natalie said: “I have got friends who have known him 30 years and all of us were absolutely astounded. Not once had he ever been violent. He'd never been abusive emotionally or physically. Nothing.”
(Image: Hibah Mirza)
On the morning of the attack Raja told her he had to go to the bank to sort out some money for her during her maternity leave. He asked ‘do you want to come and meet me'. Looking back Natalie said she thought it strange when Raja asked her the route she would be taking and then insisted on picking her. She said ‘Are you some stalker – that's a strange question'.
On that fateful Friday, Raja was late to pick Natalie up and she was ‘bored of waiting' and walked in to town to the bank.
The attack was said to be ‘pre-meditated' as the bank appointment had been made up – and Raja had bought a knife to attack his eight-month pregnant girlfriend.
Natalie described the moment she walked down the ‘tree-lined alleyway' (Trinity Hill) by Holy Trinity Parish Church as she had done before and thought ‘what's the worst that can happen'. She did not like the alleyway but it was daylight, on Friday afternoon and she was heading to the busy town centre.
Natalie said: “As I was going through the alleyway I started to hear from footsteps – almost running behind me. And I glanced over my shoulder. All I could see was a man with a hooded top right up, with his head down. He was approaching really, really quickly. I don't know why but something inside me said ‘this isn't good'.”
The heavily pregnant mum-to-be said she did not recognise her partner ‘Bobby' immediately and as he approached her right shoulder thought she was about to be mugged.
“I could see Sutton town centre ahead of me. There was a guy, who I now know as John Mitchell, one of the first people to come to my rescue, was walking up the hill.”
At that moment she was attacked by Raja. “He grabbed me and jumped on me. I first of all thought I was being mugged because he came on my right side where my bag was and as I was struggling to get free, he literally just pulled, drew out this big, large carving knife.
“I remember seeing the knife and thinking ‘oh my god he's got a knife'. Without having time to process it he was stabbing me and started in to the chest.”
Natalie said: “All I was thinking about was survival. Looking down it was a surreal moment. My top's cut open. I'm bleeding. All I could think of was I have got the baby and I have to get out of here.”
Natalie was attacked at three different moments over a nine-minute period.
She was first stabbed 15 to 20 times and broke free after John Mitchell and Anthony ‘Tony' Smith grabbed Raja, with Tony holding his arm back. Natalie said they were ‘absolutely amazing'. She stumbled down the hill when she was attacked again. At that point Natalie saw her partner ‘Bobby'.
She said: “At first I was excited because I thought ‘It's Bobby and I'm going to be alright'. But how did he know I'd here. Then I saw the knife and I kept looking at him going Bobby. He said nothing. I was begging for my life and saying ‘please don't kill me'. And nothing.”
Natalie was saved by three passers-by and a police patrol team that just happened to be walking past.
“When he came at me a second time a young 18-year-old, called Callum, ripped him off me.
“Then he came at me a third time and there was a passing foot patrol of three officers who had heard the screaming. I am the luckiest woman alive in this sense. They ran around the corner just as he was about to strike me with the knife and he dropped the knife.”
Natalie was airlifted by the Midlands Air Ambulance to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham. She was worked on for 30 minutes with the staff believing her unborn daughter was already dead. But then her daughter was born by Caesarean section. The baby was put straight in to a coma. Natalie said: “She was in effect born dead. She was not breathing. She was pale. She was floppy.” She was put in an incubator.
Natalie suffered stab wounds to her stomach, chest, abdomen, arm, her right lung had collapsed and her main artery in her wrist. The knife missed her daughter by just 2mm.
Raja was jailed for 18 years last June and this year Natalie took the incredible step to face him in prison. She said: “It took me a year to go and face him. I was always determined that I had to know [why Raja had attacker her]. The reasons given in court and the reasons that he can only say are family pressure, cultural differences and his mum didn't approve of our relationship. She didn't know I was pregnant. I thought he had told her.
“And the other thing being financial. His business was in a bad position.”
Natalie said she was face-to-face with her ex-partner in prison and said: “You get to that point of pressure. I get that. People get to a point of absolutely everything is going wrong but then normal people would stop. You could have left. He could have run away. He was originally from Pakistan – he could have gone there. Or the worst case scenario. He could have killed himself. But ‘why me'.”
Natalie said Raja showed no remorse. He said sorry but in a way a child says sorry when they have done something wrong but do not really mean it. “He said sorry to me lots of times. He has written to me and said that he's sorry. I still don't feel that. Maybe I never will.”
PARKLAND, Fla. - Among the members of the state's commission who toured the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School building where the Valentine's Day massacre took 17 lives, were three grieving fathers.
The fathers -- Andrew Pollack, Max Schachter and Ryan Petty -- are among the 16 members of the commission tasked with examining what went wrong to make preventive recommendations. Pollack lost his 18-year-old daughter, Meadow; Schachter lost his 14-year-old son Alex, and Petty lost his 14-year-old daughter Alaina.
Pollack told reporters that the commission was going to unearth "how much incompetency there was that led to my daughter and the other 16 victims being murdered."
The commission held its first meeting Tuesday. The fathers, 13 other members and four ex-officio members listened to a Broward Sheriff's Office detective lay out Nikolas Cruz's actions during the shooting with the help of an animation.
Pollack also pointed to the FBI, whose officials have acknowledged they failed to follow up on a warning call about Cruz. In addition, the sheriff's office said Tuesday that deputies had 18 contacts with Cruz before the shooting, but that he never did anything he could be arrested for.
The commission also discussed the faulty classroom designs and police radio and 911 systems that contributed to the chaos. Teachers couldn't lock their classroom doors from the inside. They had to open their doors and use a key to lock them from the outside. The doors also had small windows that allowed Cruz enough visibility to aim at his victims.
Broward sheriff's radios were not on the same channel as Coral Springs police, the two primary agencies that responded. Attempts to merge the radio channels failed, preventing the two departments from sharing information. Coral Springs and Broward are also on separate 911 systems. Calls were coming into both.
The commission's final report is due Jan. 1.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An Arcadia woman faces murder charges in connection to a house fire where three children were found dead and a grandfather was seriously injured.
An Arcadia woman faces murder charges in connection to a house fire where three children were found dead and a grandfather was seriously injured.
The woman accused of starting a deadly fire that killed three boys appeared in court on Sunday morning.
The woman accused of starting a deadly fire that killed three boys appeared in court on Sunday morning.
Community reeling after fire takes 3 boys known for their smiles
All day Monday, community members came to drop off balloons, cards and stuffed animals in remembrance of the three boys who were always smiling.
"Just to see the smile on their faces, I'm going to miss that. I'm going to miss that," said Jene Smith, the uncle.
At just ages 10, 8 and 4, brothers Marcus, Kiani, and Kemaren lost their lives as their grandfather's home burned.
"Our children are supposed to bury us. We ain't supposed to bury our children," Smith said.
Arcadia police believe 49-year-old Marian Williams set the home on fire early Saturday morning.
"She is just one cold-hearted person, it's just like these kids did not deserve this," said Dianetta Bina, a family friend.
Williams now faces multiple charges, including first-degree murder. The grandfather and another woman were able to escape the home.
Teachers, friends, and community members can just remember the boys who always wore a smile.
"He did his work, and he loved hugs," said Ava Fabila, a classmate.
"It's going to be real hard for those teachers when they do attendance when they have to cross that name off the list and it's final, it's going to be very very difficult," said Robin Fabila, a teacher assistant.
Family members told us the boy's mother is still in shock from what happened to her young children.
"She's grieving real hard, but like I said, I'm here for them through this all even when it's over, I'm still here for them," Bina said.
As the community continues to grieve through the tragedy, the boys have brought them closer together.
Family members told us the grandfather is out of the intensive care unit and is in stable condition, suffering from burns to his arms and face.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Police in Michigan enlisted the help of multiple truck drivers to help a man who was threatening suicide on a highway overpass.
All lanes of Interstate 696 were closed early Tuesday morning around 1 a.m. in the Detroit suburb of Oak Park, Fox 2 reports.
Michigan State Police started organizing semi-trucks that were passing through the area, having them park under the overpass to shorten the distance the man would fall if he jumped.
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
The situation came to a peaceful conclusion when the man decided to walk off the bridge after several hours of negotiations with police. He was taken to a nearby hospital for evaluation.
If you or a loved one is feeling distressed, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. The crisis center provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to civilians and veterans. Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255, or send a text to 741-741.
Click here for the warning signs and risk factors of suicide. Call 1-800-273-TALK for free and confidential emotional support.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Brazil star Neymar is getting fitter every day as the striker recovers from a broken foot, Brazil teammate Danilo said from their pre-World Cup training camp in London on Wednesday.
The Paris Saint Germain forward was injured in February and is yet to play a match since then, with two weeks to go before the World Cup kicks off in Russia.
“He's getting better every day, getting faster, more agile and more difficult to defend against,” said Manchester City's Danilo, who knows Neymar from his Santos days.
“He's so fast you wouldn't know whether to go, left, right, forwards or backwards,” Danilo said of Neymar's trickery.
“We hope he'll be 100% ready or as ready as is possible.”
Brazil play Croatia at Liverpool June 3 and against Austria in Vienna on June 10 before their opening World Cup game with Switzerland June 17.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crystal Palace boss Frank de Boer has moved to ward off reported interest from West Bromwich Albion in defender Joel Ward.
Albion were linked with the versatile 27-year-old last week amid reports he had rejected a new contract at Selhurst Park.
De Boer insists Ward, favoured by Tony Pulis during his time in south London, is a valued member of his squad.
"Joel Ward is an example for a club like Crystal Palace," he told the Croydon Advertiser.
"He always gives 200 per cent and every manager wants that type of player in the squad."
Pulis selected the former Portsmouth defender in every Premier League match after he took charge at Palace in November 2013.
Ward, into the final year of his contract, is also well known to joint-assistant head coach Ben Garner, a youth team player and coach at Palace before moving to the Midlands.
An ever-present under Alan Pardew and Sam Allardyce last season, Ward did not start any of Palace's final three matches in pre-season.
His omission prompted speculation the full-back might not feature in de Boer's new-look 3-4-3 formation.
But the Dutchman selected Ward for Saturday's 3-0 shock defeat at home to newly-promoted Huddersfield Town.
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether she was groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which she was granted.
In his closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped her suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In his own closing arguments, David Mueller attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why his client would introduce himself by name and then almost immediately after reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying he had not proven Swift had set out to get him fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after his own suit was filed in 2015, leading to Denver trial which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Ms. Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is anyway my fault, because it isn't."
Monday's would-be suicide bomber is a former black-car driver from Bangladesh who lived with his parents in Brooklyn — and walked around “always angry,'' neighbors and authorities said.
“I've seen him in the neighborhood'' going to get his coffee and bagels, said Kat Mara, 63, who works at a real-estate company near 1689 E. 48th St. in Flatlands, one of three Brooklyn addresses associated with suspected terrorist Akayed Ullah, 27.
“He is very aloof — not even a hello,'' she said. “I've never seen him with anybody.
“He looked weird … always angry. He always seemed like he had something on his mind.''
Local hardware-store owner Ronald Ross, 52, added of the accused terrorist, “He never talks to no one or anything like that. Everyone else says hello and is friendly to you.”
Ullah, 27, arrived in the US from Bangladesh on Sept. 21, 2011 on an F-4 Visa, which is for siblings of American citizens, law-enforcement sources said. He is currently a legal green-card holder, they said.
He lived with his father, mother and brother and worked as a livery driver in the city for a few years until his license lapsed in 2015, officials said. Authorities are now questioning his parents and sibling, law-enforcement sources said.
Ullah may have been recently working at a relative's electrical company in Kensington, sources said.
He traveled back to Bangladesh in September, Reuters said, quoting the country's head of police. He had no criminal record there, authorities said.
He lived with his family in the first-floor apartment of a two-family house on East 48th Street, according to locals. That address is listed on Ullah's driver's license — and FBI agents and NYPD detectives armed with search warrants were scouring the home Monday for potential evidence, law-enforcement sources said.
“They just seemed like quiet people — nothing out of the ordinary,'' resident Shawnda Chapman Brown, 39, said of Ullah and his relatives.
“The family just seemed to be a normal family.”
Robert Becker, 59, who owns a furniture-repair business in the neighborhood, said he recently did work on an armoire for the family.
Becker said he came to the home one day and the family was sitting down together having dinner.
“They seemed like a nice family,'' he said. “The house had a lot of Arabic things on the wall — a plaque or something — stuff I see in a lot of houses if the family is religious.”
The mom “asked her husband if the price was OK,'' Becker added. “He OK'd it, and we did the work.”
Additional reporting by Danielle Furfaro and Kate Sheehy
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed in an alleyway in Wolverhampton.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a 17-year-old boy was attacked in an alleyway on Jameson Street in the Whitmore Reans area of the city. He was attacked at around 2.10am on Saturday morning.
The youth was taken to hospital where he remains in a serious condition. The alleyway has been taped off while forensic investigations continue.
It is believed to be the fourth stabbing in the city in the last eight days.
Detective Sergeant Chris Jones, from Force CID, at West Midlands Police , said: “We want to hear from anyone who has information about this attack, we believe that the victim may also have had his mobile phone stolen. I'd urge anyone who knows anything to get in touch with me or a member of my team.”
Investigations remain on-going and anyone with information is urged to call police on 101, quoting log 237 of 3 February.
Alternatively people can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
A man in his 20s was knifed four times in Lime Street Park in Pennfields on Monday afternoon, while two schoolboys were stabbed in Owen Road and Ashland Street last Friday.
Q: We fish Lake Silverwood most of the time, and usually it's for bass. Is there a way to determine the sex of a largemouth bass? We are interested primarily in the fish we catch in the spring. Also, are crayfish part of the diet for bass in Lake Silverwood? (Doug T., Hesperia).
A: Unfortunately, there is no easy way to sex black bass (including largemouth bass) unless they are in spawning mode. The males move up first into the spawning areas and make the nests. The females then join them when they're ready. When you see a pair on a nest, the male is usually the smallest of the pair and will be the most aggressive. A single female will mate with more than one male during the spawning season. And regarding their diet, yes, crayfish are part of the black bass diet.
Deer hunting from my house?
Q: I have a house on 5 acres in northern California and have some really nice bucks on my land. Every day they come within a few feet of my house and graze on my garden and plants. If I purchase an A Zone tag this year, can I legally shoot a deer on my land from my house or porch? My house is situated more than 200 yards from any other property or house and it is outside of the city limits. Thanks. (Brian T.)
A: Yes. The safety-zone law prohibits shooting within 150 yards of any occupied dwelling without the permission of the occupant. As long as it is otherwise legal to discharge a firearm in this area (e.g. not in the city limits or not prohibited by county ordinance), then go for it.
Landing net size for ocean kayak fishing?
Q: What size opening on a landing net is needed for ocean fishing? I fish from a kayak between San Francisco Bay and the Mexico border, and all points in between. (Jeff K.)
A: A landing net is required when fishing from any vessel on the ocean.
“No person shall take finfish from any boat or other floating device in ocean waters without having a landing net in possession or available for immediate use to assist in landing undersize fish of species having minimum size limits; the opening of any such landing net shall be not less than eighteen inches in diameter” (California Code of Regulations Title 14, 28.65(d)).
Fishermen are ultimately responsible for being able to determine whether the fish they take are of legal size. When in doubt, your best bet is to consult the California Ocean Sport Fishing Regulations booklet.
What license for crabbing via a “crab snare”?
Q: A friend and I would really like to try our hand at getting some crab this year using crab snares (loop traps). I am referring to the types that have a bait cage with a bunch of snares attached and are cast out using a rod and reel. The problem is that I'm not sure if we just need a normal fishing license or something else. Can you please clarify? (Kyle C.)
A: Just a normal fishing license is all that is required for crabbing.
Is ocean fishing with a crossbow legal?
Q: Is it legal to take fish in Southern California oceans using a crossbow? I know that using a bow and arrow is legal but I would like to know if crossbows are also legal. I also realize that the usual bag limits, size limits and closures apply. (Rod)
A: Spears, harpoons and bow-and-arrow fishing tackle (including crossbows) may be used for taking all varieties of skates, rays and sharks, except white sharks.
Such gear may not be possessed or used within 100 yards of the mouth of any stream in any ocean waters north of Ventura County, nor aboard any vessel on any day or trip when broadbill swordfish or marlin have been taken.
Bow-and-arrow fishing tackle may also be used to take finfish other than giant (black) sea bass, garibaldi, gulf grouper, broomtail grouper, trout, salmon, broadbill swordfish and white shark (CCR Title 14, section 28.95).
For hunting purposes, crossbows are not considered to be archery equipment (see CCR Title 14, section 354). But under the fishing regulations, crossbows qualify as bow-and-arrow fishing tackle.
It does not matter what type of bow or crossbow is used under legal bow and arrow fishing, but a line must be attached to the bow and the arrow/bolt (CCR Title 14, section 1.23).
If using a crossbow for shark fishing, be sure of the species and any associated size and/or bag limits before pulling that trigger.
— Carrie Wilson is a marine biologist with the California Department of Fish & Wildlife. She can be reached at [email protected].
Four new flight destinations have been added to Kutaisi International airport from Hungarian budget airline company Wizz Air. Georgian citizens will be able to travel to four more European cities directly at low cost. Paris, Barcelona, Prague and Rome, are the destinations added to the list.
According to a statement issued by Wizz Air, a new aircraft A320 will be joining Georgia's base too.
Wizz Air is operating in Georgia with 12 low-cost flights to nine different countries of Europe. The airline company's base in Georgia is at Kutaisi International Airport.
French President Emmanuel Macron, right, and his wife Brigitte Macron, left, watch as President Donald Trump kisses first lady Melania Trump during a State Arrival Ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Andrew Harnik AP Photo
Putting all speculations to rest, lovebirds Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma finally announced their wedding on Twitter just few hours ago.
Since then, the newly married couple have been breaking the internet with their wedding and mehendi pictures. And now we have some fresh pictures and video from 'Virushka's engagement ceremony. Check it out here...
Made For Each Other Virat looked dapper in a blue suit. On the other hand, Anushka chose a Sabyasachi dark maroon saree and made up for a stunning picture. Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya! In the video, Virat is seen proposing to lady-love Anushka Sharma and she says a BIG YES! They exchange rings and are seen sharing a cute moment. They Finally Said 'I Do' Today In Italy After dating for four years, the much-in-love couple finally solemnized their relationship today in a private ceremony in Italy. When Virat Bared His Heart About His Lady Love Recently when Virat appeared on Gaurav Kapur's show Breakfast With Champions, he had revealed, "Sir lady luck ka kamaal hai (It's the magic of Lady Luck). You've seen me; you know I had no brains before. Ever since the lady has come into my life, she's taught me a lot of things. I've learnt a lot, become more sensible in the last 4 years all because of her. She's taught me how to be more patient and taught me how to utilise the position you are in to the fullest." On How Anushka Changed His Life "Luckily I have never tried to change myself over the years. But the flip has been because of her. That period in England in 2014. Anushka was there in my life, she understood what I was going through so she kept me motivated. Her support helped me push through, however bad it was for me. She was a constant in that time... And then Australia happened (the tour in 2014-15 when Kohli scored four hundreds in four Tests) and I ended up scoring runs, in her presence. So it was a special thing for both of us because she also faced a lot of flak." Pyaar Kiya Toh Darna "A very big reason behind me not hiding my relationship is Mr. Zaheer Khan. Luckily he was one of the first guys I spoke to about this and he said whatever you do don't try to hide it because you'll stress yourself. And on top of that, you're in a relationship; you're not doing anything wrong. I'm actually very grateful that my first interaction about this was with Zak."
Meanwhile, check out this adorable video from their engagement party...
The couple will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derbyshire mum who went out to buy her daughter a McDonald's meal has been landed with a driving ban after going the wrong way up a drive-thru lane.
Elizabeth Roye, from Sandiacre, failed a breath test when she was stopped by police. Now magistrates have banned her from driving for a year, reports the Nottingham Post.
Nottingham Magistrates' Court heard how the drink driving offence was committed after she shared some wine with her son, who had just returned from university.
Elizabeth Evans, mitigating, told the court: "Her 14-year-old daughter said she would really like food from McDonald's and she drove to the local shop.
(Image: Google Maps)
"The incident was simply a misjudgement by Mrs Roye. She has a clean licence and feels extremely remorseful about the offence. It was not committed deliberately."
Roye had been driving for 36 years without a problem, said Miss Evans.
She told the court that a ban would mean a long bus trip for Roye's daughter to get to school.
Christine Ofosu-Ampadu, prosecuting, said police saw a car at 11.30pm on Sir John Robinson Way, in Daybrook, Nottingham. It then headed into a car park.
"The vehicle attempted to drive the wrong way through the restaurant drive-through before being stopped by officers," said Miss Ofosu-Ampadu.
Shop manager Roye, 53, failed a breath test and was taken to a police station. A sample revealed 45 micrograms of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath, ten over the legal limit.
As well as the ban, a £173 fine, £85 prosecution costs and a £30 government surcharge were ordered from Roye of Beech Avenue, Sandiacre. She admitted drink driving on May 13.
If she completes a course on the perils of drink driving, her disqualification will be reduced by 91 days.
Presiding magistrate Ann Coxall, who sat with two other JPs, told her: "Although we sympathise with your position, you have to be extremely careful. For this offence, there is a statutory ban."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
ORIENTAL, N.C. (WNCT) – The Coast Guard assisted one man after his vessel starting taking on water on the Neuse River Thursday evening.
Watchstanders in the Sector North Carolina Command Center in Wilmington received a call over VHF-FM channel 16 at 6:48 p.m. that a 25-foot vessel with one man aboard was taking on water near the mouth of the Bay River.
A Coast Guard 45-foot Response Boat-Medium crew launched from Station Hobucken, North Carolina. The RB-M crew arrived on scene, began dewatering the vessel, then towed the boat to River Dunes Harbor Club and Marina in Oriental, North Carolina.
“We recommend that all mariners keep reliable communications equipment like radios on board, which this gentleman did,” said Coast Guard Petty Officer 1st Class Jared Stanton, operations unit controller for the case. “If your boat starts to take on water or another emergency occurs, having a radio on board will enable you to call for help immediately, and to reach a wider range of people.”
DTH van der Merwe will captain Canada in its June rugby test series against Scotland, Russia and the U.S.
Coach Kingsley Jones has named Tyler Ardron and Phil Mack vice-captains.
The 30-man squad contains 16 forwards and 14 backs with a combined cap total of 526. The only uncapped player is UBC fly half Theo Sauder.
"Sauder is someone that has been on my radar since I arrived," Jones said in a statement. "I've watched his club clips and went to watch some of his games. He has an amazing skill set, there's nothing it seems he can't do on the ball.
"He has tremendous pace and he's a cheeky confident player, which is what you need in the positions he could end up playing. He's a great option for us to have."
The Canadian team will be without Connor Braid, Admir Cejvanovic and Andrew Coe, who are with the national sevens squad.
Taylor Paris, Matt Evans, Conor Trainor and Ciaran Hearn are among those left out as they recover from injury.
The roster includes 12 overseas pros and 17 members of Canada's centralized program.
Canada, ranked 21st in the world, opens June 9 against fifth-ranked Scotland on June 9 at Edmonton's Commonwealth Stadium before taking on No. 19 Russia on June 16 at Ottawa's Twin Elm Rugby Park and the 15th-ranked U.S. Eagles on June 23 at Halifax's Wanderers Ground.
The Canadian men are gearing up for a four-team repechage tournament in November, which represents their third and final attempt to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
Las Vegas Metro police released Monday a booking photo of a 25-year-old man who was arrested after a deadly crash that may have involved impaired driving.
Jose Anonzaragoza was arrested Friday after a crash near El Capitan Way and Flamingo Road that involved two vehicles.
Police responded to the scene of the crash at 6:29 p.m.
Citing the investigation, a Mazda 3 driven by Katherine Milczewski was traveling on the eastbound lanes of Spring Mountain when a Pontiac Grand am I traveling on El Capitan Way attempted to make a left onto Spring Mountain and struck the Mazda.
The driver and three passengers of the Mazda were taken to UMC, where one passenger was pronounced dead. The Clark County Coroner's Office identified the victim as David Milczewski, 62, of Chardon, OH. His cause and manner of death remained pending Monday.
The driver of the Pontiac, Anonzaragoza, was arrested on DUI charges, according to Metro police.
This is the 24th traffic related fatality in Metro's jurisdiction for the year 2017.
Stay with FOX5 and fox5vegas.com for updates.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Sen. Lamar Alexander (right). Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
After a Monday evening meeting of House Republicans, a reporter asked Idaho Rep. Mike Simpson, an appropriator, if leaders had told the group of any decisions that had been made regarding what will be included in the $1.3 trillion spending bill they need to pass by Friday.
“Funding for the legislature is in,” he said, and let out a deep laugh.
Congressional leaders hoped to file the omnibus appropriations bill, which would fund the government at spending levels set in last month's budget deal, by late Monday night, ahead of a Wednesday vote in the House. But as of late afternoon on Monday, negotiators said that some two-dozen thorny issues had still yet to be resolved and were now in the hands of the highest ranks of leadership. Members had been scrambling all weekend just to whittle the list down that far, and they would scramble into Monday night. If the timeline gets pushed back even a day, any given senator intent on holding up the chamber's activity—maybe this guy?— could push the process beyond the Friday night deadline, and into another oopsy-daisy shutdown.
The omnibus appropriations bill is much more than a simple allocation of dollars, though. It's also the last big “must-pass” bill ahead of election season. That means members will be angling to get all of their backed-up legislation into this vehicle. If your pet cause doesn't make it in? Try again in the next Congress.
There have been notable Hail Marys in the last week on two of the most prominent issues Congress failed to act on over the last six months: Immigration and health care. Few can say with certainty whether either of these charges will prove successful, in some form, by the deadline. But as of Monday, both appeared to be collapsing under the same factional weights that have felled them before.
The White House and lawmakers are still fiddling with the same formula for an immigration bill and wondering if, in the nine-millionth hour of negotiation, they can discover that golden ratio of wall-money-to-Dreamer-lives that works for everyone. You'll recall that when we left this issue last month, in utter Senate ruins, the White House wanted $25 billion for border security (including a wall) and sharp cuts to legal immigration in exchange for a path to citizenship for 1.8 million Dreamers. Over the weekend, the White House floated an offer to Democrats that would abandon the legal immigration cuts—in exchange for protecting fewer Dreamers, and protecting them only in the near term.
Democrats rejected the administration's offer of $25 billion in border security and a 2.5 year DACA extension for currently enrolled recipients and countered with $25 billion and “citizenship for the DACA eligible population,” a source familiar with the negotiations said. The White House rejected that. They may still be talking, but the parties appear to have shifted into the more familiar phase of blame-allocation.
“Right now, it seems the Democrats want to use the DACA permit-holders as pawns in a political game more than trying to find a solution,” Marc Short, the White House's legislative director, told reporters Monday. “If they're asking us to put aside certain things that we're asking for” on legal immigration, he said, “it's kind of unrealistic to expect that the scope of the deal would stay the same size on their end.” Which means that optimism for any deal on the issue also remains unrealistic.
Remember Alexander-Murray? The bipartisan Obamacare stabilization bill that got members all het up last fall and then went nowhere, like most bills? Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander is back at it, and Maine Sen. Susan Collins has joined him in an effort to secure the health legislation that President Trump and Senate leaders promised her they would pass in exchange for her tax vote.
After a week of bipartisan negotiations, a Republican-only group including Alexander, Collins, House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Greg Walden and Pennsylvania Rep. Ryan Costello released their own stabilization legislation on Monday. It took much of the Alexander-Murray bill, including the funding of cost-sharing reduction payments and allowing more bare-bones plans to be sold on exchanges, and pooled together tens of billions of dollars for reinsurance programs to quell costs for the highest-risk patients.
But the Republican bill, which Democratic aides did not know was coming, also attached Hyde Amendment language banning federal funding for abortion to private plans offered on Affordable Care Act exchanges. Republicans, like Alexander, expressed shock that Democrats would complain about this, since Democrats “have been voting for the Hyde amendment since 1976.” That doesn't mean they want it expanded, though. There was, after all, an extremely tiresome fight over this issue during the drafting of the bill in 2009 and 2010.
By Monday afternoon, House leaders had decided not to include the stabilization bill in the package because of the disagreement over the Hyde language. Alexander and Collins still hope that the Senate could, at least, offer an amendment vote for the bill in their chamber when it reaches them. But if the Hyde language is still in it, then it's not going anywhere. There may still be some last-minute attempts to tweak the language, but House Republicans will be perfectly pleased to avoid voting on any form of Obamacare “bailouts.”
Just because the omnibus appropriations bill is a must-pass vehicle doesn't mean that all other issues that failed on their own must pass with it.
United Way of Santa Barbara County's Fun in the Sun summer enrichment program has kicked off, and this year there are many educational and fun activities for the participants.
For the last 17 years, FITS has served an average of 250 financially and academically at-risk children (ages 7 to 18) and their parents for seven weeks each summer.
There are more than 90 partners involved that donate their resources to ensure FITS success (involving 63 service delivery partners, 19 funding partners, and more than 500 volunteer mentors). Once again, Some of United Way's partners are volunteering hands-on workshops for the campers.
John Daly, president of Key Class, has expressed his excitement in working with FITS this year. Daly's Key Class will offer FITS participants critical tools for success through etiquette training courses.
He uses simple but effective techniques such as how to use direct eye contact, or the proper way to shake a hand. Daly's methods have been found to be extremely useful in both social and professional settings. Teaching FITS participants everything from the importance of personal grooming to how to make a good first impression on a potential employer.
Key Class was founded by Daly, who began mentoring teens as a young adult. After becoming a court-appointed special advocate, Daly realized many of the young people he worked with had never been taught proper etiquette or manners. To Daly, proper etiquette was a hobby he enjoyed to practice, but he turned it into his expertise when he started Key class.
Key Class is not led by rigid or stuffy rules, as most people think of when hear “etiquette.” The success of Key Class is due to Daly's easy-going and witty sense of humor that students really connect with.
United Way of Santa Barbara is proud to be in collaboration with Key Class, and appreciates its fun and interactive style that attracts and ensures the success of young people involved in it. Every year, United Way seeks to improve the academic, social, behavioral and life skills of each participant involved in FITS, and the help of volunteers like Key Class guarantee it.
— Kerstin Padilla is a development and marketing assistant for United Way of Santa Barbara County.
The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) has urged the National Assembly to be cautious in its oversight and investigative role, to avoid economic disruption and loss of investors' confidence.
Mr Muda Yusuf, Director-General of LCCI, made the appeal in a statement on Monday in Lagos.
He said that allegations and petitions received by the national assembly about infractions by the Private Sector should be properly verified for credibility, before presenting such to the media.
“The most recent of such public pronouncements was the alleged N30 trillion revenue loss, and the allegedly missing 288 vessels by the Senate Joint Committee on Customs, Excise, Tariffs and Marine Transport.
“Some 63 firms were accused of complicity in the alleged scam. These are grave allegations that needed to be subjected to proper scrutiny, before making them public issues.
“Their implications for the nation's image and foreign investors' perception are severe.
“The chamber believes and promotes the ideals of high ethical standards in business and would not support infractions against statutory laws by private sector entities.
“However, we would like to see a legislative/private sector interface characterised by mutual respect, fairness, and courtesy,” Yusuf said.
According to him, listing corporate organisations in the media over allegations have considerable reputational costs and weighty consequences for the brand equity of such organisations.
He noted that frequent summons of organisations by the legislature had significant financial implications to organisations not domiciled in Abuja, in terms of costs of flights, hotels and other logistics for appearing before the national assembly.
“The Executive time committed to appearance before committees of the national assembly is enormous, especially since most of the committees would insist that appearance should be at the level of the CEOs of the companies.
“There is need to streamline the summons and public hearings to avoid duplication and overlap between the Senate and the House of Representatives.
“It is also imperative for the leadership of the national assembly to vet the summons by its committees to ensure efficiency, cost effectiveness and optimisation of executive time committed to the public hearings.
“This is important when we realise that we have 89 Standing Committees in the House of Representatives and 59 Standing Committees in the Senate,” he said.
The LCCI boss said that statutory agencies of government were often custodians of some information that the private sector was required to provide support to legislative investigations.
“It is more cost effective to access this information from these agencies of government.
“Matters that can be investigated by the statutory agencies of government such as the Judiciary, the EFCC, the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) and the National Industrial Court, the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), should be referred to such institutions.
“These bodies have better competences, capacities, and structures for investigation of infringements of the law.
“This would enable the National Assembly focus on its core duties of representation and lawmaking,” he said.
Yusuf said that the chamber appreciated the role of the senate in enacting enabling laws and review of obsolete legislations toward creating an enabling environment for investors.
According to him, the economy needs investors to boost job creation and accelerate the economic recovery process, adding that the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP) deliverables are anchored largely on the private sector.
He, therefore, urged the national assembly to align with the plan toward reducing avoidable distractions to investors in the economy.
Jesse— As the 2019 general election draws nearer, no fewer than 3000 youths in Ethiope federal constituency, Delta State, yesterday, held a solidarity rally where they unanimously endorsed Mr Onome Ofomola for House of Representatives for Ethiope federal constituency.
Speaking through their leaders, Wilson Egbri and Kingsley Ejairu, they passed a confidence vote in Governor Ifeanyi Okowa for his second term bid and Ofomola's bid to contest for the House of Representatives seat, noting that “both men have the pains of the common man at heart and will represent their interest better.”
The youths said they were “tired of old faces in the political sphere of Delta State, who have abused their offices and have not brought commensurate dividend of democracy to the state.
“Ofomola is the only aspirant in the race that has a blue-print of what he wants to achieve and how he is going to achieve them when given the mandate, to bring the dividend of democracy to the people.”
“Also, Okowa's and Ofomola's manifestos which include, anti-grazing bill, state policing bill, anti-pollution bill, social benefit bill, 10 years tax holiday to green energy companies etc, will go a long way to put the region in the part of peace.
“Both men have done well hence they deserve our support. With both men we are safe. Also the Ofomola's industrialization plan for Ethiope if given the mandate is amazing as it will create jobs for the people of Ethiope and environs.”
By SHERRI RUGGIERI
Bergen County Executive Jim Tedesco presented to the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders his 2018 budget proposal that contains no county tax increase. Even though Bergen County is the most populous county in New Jersey, it continues to have the second lowest county tax rate. County Executive Tedesco explained, “Despite what some may say, government should not be run like a business, because government does not exist to turn a profit. Government exists to the serve the people.” The 2018 budget will fund infrastructure investments and improvements, education, and programs for Bergen County's veterans, seniors, and children. Furthermore, the budget has been designed to keep full-time county workers earning $15 an hour to adjust to increases in the cost of living.
“By bringing business principles to the management of the county, we are delivering a budget that keeps taxes flat while meeting the needs of the people of Bergen County today and providing the foundation to continue building a better Bergen County for years to come,” stated Tedesco. Under Tedesco's Administration, Bergen County has received the Moody's Investors Service's highest rating because of its strong financial management and future strategic planning.
Sherri Ruggieri is the managing editor of Empire State News. A practicing attorney for over 20 years, Ms. Ruggieri is also chairperson of Edison Township's Planning Board. Additionally, she has served as a college professor, with nearly a decade of experience in teaching law and political science courses.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow, Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that, as of 8 a.m., about 41 percent of its buses were delayed. The average delay was about 7 minutes.
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists: Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess.
Despite Cold Streak, DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka, but it does not mean it's safe to walk on.
ADEN - Five pro-government soldiers were killed and 19 wounded in clashes with jihadists in Yemen's southern city of Taez on Monday after the killing of an aid worker with the International Committee of the Red Cross, medics said.
It was unknown if there were any casualties among the jihadists.
Fighting in the city's Jahmaliah district came after the governor of Taez launched an operation against jihadists he suspected were behind the murder of the ICRC employee over the weekend.
Jahmaliah is controlled by pro-government forces but there is a jihadist presence in the area, a police officer said.
A large portion of Yemen's third city Taez is held by pro-government fighters, but the entrances to the city are controlled by Huthi rebels.
Fierce clashes broke out after the operation was launched on Monday morning, according to the officer, who was unable to provide further details.
On Sunday, Taez governor Amin Ahmad Mahmud, loyal to President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi, created a special force of police and army units tasked with battling jihadists he believes killed the ICRC employee on Saturday.
The Lebanese aid worker, Hanna Lahoud, was shot in Taez by unidentified assailants.
In March, Yemen entered its fourth year of war between the Iran-backed Huthi rebels and pro-government forces backed by a Saudi-led military coalition.
Nearly 10,000 people have been killed in the conflict, which has triggered what the United Nations has called the world's worst humanitarian crisis.
Sunni jihadists, including from Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State group, have taken advantage of the chaos to expand their influence in parts of Yemen, particularly in the south.
The Board of Trustees decides to look further into the proposal, which calls for canines to search high school classrooms at random
The Santa Barbara Unified School District's Board of Trustees is considering a contract for drug-sniffing dogs to randomly search its secondary school campuses.
District policy allows for searches of students, their property or district property by specially trained, nonaggressive dogs, but they haven't been used yet, according to student services director Marlin Sumpter.
The proposed contract from Interquest Detection Canines, which the board will discuss further in two weeks, would have two half-day visits per high school every month at a total cost of $1,230 per month.
Sumpter said dogs would search classrooms at random and areas of campus such as parking lots.
“The major effectiveness of this program is a deterrent” since the visits are unannounced and any classroom could be searched, he said. Most of the alerts are from residual odors, such as a spilled alcoholic beverage.
Superintendent David Cash said the Claremont Unified School District, where he worked previously, contracted with local law enforcement for the dogs and the majority of parents approved of the program, “especially when they heard how unobtrusive it is.”
Students and staff leave the randomly selected classrooms while dogs examine backpacks and other belongings.
Trustee Susan Deacon, who saw the demonstration in June, said one of the dogs is a mellow, yellow Labrador retriever that sat down to signal he found something.
Board members asked for outreach into the community and for staff to develop specific procedures to guarantee consistent, fair implementation. They also asked district staff members to consider what would happen if a teacher's belongings set off an alert.
Trustee Monique Limon said the district needs to make it clear that a deterrent will not stop students from using drugs.
There were 300 alcohol- and drug-related incidents last year, Sumpter said, which includes students in possession, under the influence or selling them.
In recent years, controlled substance-related issues contributed to half of the district's expulsions. For 2009-10, there were 40 expulsions for the secondary schools and 532 violence/drug-related suspensions — out of a junior high and high school total enrollment of 9,882.
The 2010-11 California Healthy Kids Survey asks about lifetime use of alcohol, inhalants, illicit and prescription drugs to get high, and adolescents overwhelmingly use alcohol and marijuana as their drugs of choice.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Tyronn Lue does funny Tom Thibodeau impression (Video)
Cleveland Cavaliers head coach Tyronn Lue sure has the art of flattery nailed down to a T.
Speaking with the media before the Cavs faced the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday, Lue busted out a funny impression of Wolves head coach Tom Thibodeau, mocking Thibs' signature sandpaper voice.
The dig is all in good fun though as Lue and Thibodeau used to be fellow assistants on the staff of another gravelly-voiced head coach, Doc Rivers, on the Boston Celtics.
For Lue, he's proven on occassion that he does have an underrated sense of humor. But knowing Thibodeau, a win over the Cavs would definitely be his preferred way of getting back at Lue.
Video via NBA Reddit
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
This article is from today's FT Opinion email. Sign up to receive a daily digest of the big issues straight to your inbox.
JAB Holdings's takeover of Pret A Manger, the British sandwich chain, is unusual. Not because it is the first food and drink company taken over by the investment group, but because it represents private equity at its most insatiable, but with a twist in the definition of what counts as “long term”.
John Gapper argues in his latest column that JAB is taking a family attitude towards investing. It is retaining a portfolio of companies — such as Krispy Kreme and Dr Pepper Snapple — while investing in them and expanding them. The company might be family owned, but it is also managed by professional executives.
The Pret takeover is an example of deploying family wealth combined with that of other entrepreneurs and family investors. John argues that the sandwich chain has little to fear from the acquisition. JAB purchased Pret at a good price — more than if it had been floated and the group has a history of keeping executives in place and investing in long-term growth. On the other hand, we know little about the Reimann's, the family behind JAB, aside from what they own. The more companies they gobble up, the odder that will feel.
Supremacy of the dollar
Edward Luce argues that Donald Trump's economic policies are endangering the status of America's currency as the global reserve currency. As a result, we may be heading back to an era of multiple reserve currencies he argues.
GDPR challenges
Wilbur Ross, the US commerce secretary, writes that the EU's new data protection regulation is creating serious legal obstacles for both companies and individuals. Many parts of the legislation are unclear and could be costly to implement, he argues.
Fixing healthcare
John Thornhill says that artificial intelligence is the key to solving Britain's crisis in how to manage the National Health Service. Machine learning can save time and money by taking over the boring or repetitive work, improving management and automating patient records.
Best of the rest
Can Ruth Davidson snap Theresa May out of her Brexit delusion? — James Kirkup in The Spectator
Italy's Crisis — and Europe's — Francesco Ronchi in The Wall Street Journal
What on earth happened to poor Tommy Robinson? 10 Things You Should Know — The Secret Barrister
The Alex Jones Presidency — New York Times editorial board
Cutting short Gavin Williamson was the most popular thing I've ever done — Richard Madeley in The Guardian
What you've been saying
Oxford cannot offer places to those who do not apply — letter from Jeremy Hicks:
I am a state-educated alumnus, I have read the Oxford admissions report judging the statistics and I have questioned my college about its outreach programmes. I am convinced that the college and the university want the best undergraduates and that the statistics cited by Mr Lammy are not good evidence to the contrary.
Oxford seeks to be colourblind and to aim off for socio-economic disadvantage. What it cannot do is to offer places to those who do not apply. Mr Lammy should be telling his bright young constituents to push themselves forward, not discourage them by telling them that Oxford belongs to the “upper classes”. If he believes it to be a bastion of privilege he should be telling them to storm it.
Comment from The real greybeard on Britain's foreign policy lacks vision for its post-Brexit future:
Much of what the Foreign Office used to do has been obsoleted by technology, particular travel and communications technology. Nowadays when people want to talk with principles it is very simple — I imagine Macron and Merkel have a direct WhatsApp chat when needed, and without going through a "Foreign Secretary" and his hierarchical department. Trump puts a call into May when he wants to hector the UK. Likewise business people don't need the Embassy to organise their trade contacts.
The other major job done by a Foreign Office — providing reliable input on foreign affairs — needs a complete redesign if the effectiveness of HMG is anything to go by. We don't understand EU even, our closest neighbour. We did not see Trump coming. As for the Middle East.
Corporate leviathans threaten rural economy — letter from James RB Odgers:
The competition authorities seem to be craven when faced with the power of these leviathans of commerce. The rural economy, for instance, has been almost wholly destroyed by what is clearly an oligopoly and yet we are told that there is sufficient competition between these vast concerns to meet the needs of consumers.
TS Eliot wrote: “When the Stranger says: ‘What is the meaning of this city, do you huddle close together because you love each other?' What will you answer? ‘We all dwell together to make money from each other'? or ‘This is a community'?”
Today's opinion
An unusual family approach to investing
JAB's acquisition of Pret A Manger resembles private equity but with a long-term twist
Instant Insight: Martin Sorrell's return to advertising begs so many questions
WPP investors deserve a better explanation for his sudden exit six weeks ago
The US is writing itself out of the Middle East
Donald Trump's preference for posturing over policy has given Putin more leverage
Donald Trump is jeopardising the dollar's supremacy
Markets want the rule of law, stability and leadership. The president risks all three
EU data privacy laws are likely to create barriers to trade
GDPR creates serious, unclear legal obligations for both private and public entities
Free Lunch: Greater risk is as much of a scourge as stagnant incomes
Economic security must be a priority beyond the welfare state
Trailblazers bring Indian sexuality out of the shadows LGBT groups are making progress against a Victorian-era law that criminalises gay sex
To fix healthcare let AI do the dull, routine work Machine learning can save time and money by improving patient records and management
Markets Insight: Markets remain unforgiving on populists' debt diagnosis Italy's Five Star and League won't be given the benefit of the doubt on policy
FT View
FT View: Puerto Rico's ordeal by hurricane is not yet over
The public health crisis was far worse than official data recognise
FT View: Brexit Britain must not cede control of the City
London should prioritise regulatory autonomy in financial services
The Big Read
The Big Read: VAT: Brexit's hidden border dilemma
The UK will have to choose between costly delays or staying within the EU system
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Joseva Tabakaucoro (right) of Augustine House leads the intermediate boys 200m finals at the MBHS interhouse at the ANZ Stadium in Suva today. Picture: JOVESA NAISUA
Update: 8:10PM JOSEVA Tabakaucoro is fast on the heels of his elder brother, national sprint king Banuve, after he set two records at the Marist Brothers High School inter-house athletics competition held this afternoon at the ANZ Stadium.
Tabakaucoro set a record of 10.65 seconds in the intermediate boys 100metres, smashing his older brother's record of 10.71 seconds set in 2009. Joseva said he had been focused on the 200metres and 400metres event.
Augustine House won overall with 5079 points, Lambert finished second with 4587 points, Alphonsus third with 4459 points and Claudius with 4160 points.
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into his new role, he is also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by his predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election he defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
He fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that he intends to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of his predecessor.
He was also candid about the scope of obstacles he faces: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2017, file photo, police run toward the scene of a shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas. Police in Las Vegas are promising to release dispatch logs and additional officer reports about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. A scheduled release of documents Wednesday, May 23, 2018, follows a court order in a public records lawsuit by The Associated Press and other media organizations seeking information about the Oct. 1 shooting. John Locher, File AP Photo
The Housemates spent time in the jacuzzi last night and had another session of kissing contest. Watch the video after the cut.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce was visibly distraught having watched his Aston Villa side slip to their fourth defeat on the spin against play-off chasing Barnsley.
Villa has now lost seven of their last eight matches and are desperately struggling to break free from their 2017 slump.
Adam Armstrong's penalty and Tom Bradshaw's brace presented Barnsley with yet another win away from home in what is turning out to be an outstanding season back at Championship level.
Listen to Steve Bruce's verdict following the Barnsley defeat below...
Villa, on the other hand, are now looking over their shoulder agonisingly rather than upwards and will be keen to secure 50 points sooner rather than later.
A tough match at Newcastle United awaits them in front of the dreaded Sky cameras on Monday night.
Egypt heaviest woman
Mumbai: Indian doctors put an Egyptian believed to be the world's heaviest woman on a special liquid diet Monday as they prepared her for an emergency weight-loss operation.
Eman Ahmad Abd Al Aty weighs around 500 kilogrammes and had not left her house in more than two decades until arriving in Mumbai at the weekend for bariatric surgery.
Doctors said the 37-year-old would be fed only liquid supplements for the next 25 days to help her lose the 50 kilogrammes required before they can begin operating.
“Only after all the diseases related to obesity are brought under control and Eman loses weight will we conduct the surgery,” Dr Muffazal Lakdawala told reporters, adding the procedure would take two and a half hours.
The specialist weight-loss surgeon said he and his team at Mumbai's Saifee hospital hoped the surgery would help Abd Al Aty shed another 150 kilogrammes.
It would allow her to sit up and feed herself, something not possible in her present state.
Following the surgery she will spend five months being closely monitored by the Indian specialists and receiving physiotherapy to exercise her muscles before returning to Egypt.
Lakdawala said if the initial treatment was successful then doctors could use surgery to bring Abd Al Aty's weight down to under 100 kilogrammes in a couple of years' time.
The Egyptian, who hails from the Mediterranean port city of Alexandria, was flown to India's commercial capital in a specially modified Airbus on Saturday for treatment.
Abd Al Aty's sister had approached Lakdawala in October, saying her sibling needed urgent medical attention.
Her family told the doctor that as a child she was diagnosed with elephantiasis, a condition that causes the limbs and other body parts to swell, leaving her almost immobile.
Abd Al Aty has suffered a stroke and faced a series of other serious ailments owing to her weight including diabetes, high blood pressure, hypertension and sleep deprivation.
Her request for an Indian visa was initially denied, but she was granted passage after tweeting a plea for help directly to India's foreign minister, who intervened.
Abd Al Aty had a long wait as no airlines were willing to fly her due to her health complications.
Bariatric surgery is a stomach-shrinking bypass procedure carried out on those wanting to lose excessive weight.
It is increasingly common in India, which has a growing problem with obesity, particularly in urban areas.
India is a major destination for medical tourists seeking quality services and no waiting lists at a fraction of the cost of western countries.
Subscribe to Noozhawk's A.M. Report, our free e-Bulletin sent out every day at 4:15 a.m. with Noozhawk's top stories, hand-picked by the editors.
By Henry Umoru & Joseph Erunke
ABUJA— Minister of Works, Power and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Fashola, yesterday, shocked the Senate with the denial of N2 billion allegedly voted for regional housing scheme by the Ministry of Finance.
The money is part of the N64.991 billion budgetary proposals for the housing sector this year.
Speaking, yesterday, in Abuja when he appeared before the Committee on Land, Housing and Urban Development, led by Senator Barnabas Gemade, APC Benue North East, to defend the 2017 budget, Fashola said the Ministry of Finance planted it in the 2017 budgetary profile of the Ministry of Housing as its own initiative, tagged “Regional Housing Scheme.”
He was merely responding to the question raised by chairman of the committee, who requested to know how the ministry came about the regional housing scheme.
Fashola said: “I know as much of it as you do because it is not our initiative.”
Following the denial, Gemade ordered the committee clerk to write the Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun, to appear before it for explanation on what she knew about the N2 billion allocation which Fashola disowned.
Fashola requested the committee to add N6 billion to the total budget estimate of the ministry as an appropriated vote for payment of the $ 11.9 million Nigeria was owing Shelter Afrik, a Housing Development and Financing Organisation which has membership in 44 African countries.
He added that as one who currently chairs the governing board of the organization on the slot of Nigeria, indebted nations, as Nigeria, were set to be expelled from the organization by the end of this year if they refused to pay their dues to avoid total collapse of the development organization.
In his presentation, Fashola said other votes in the N64.199 billion 2017 budgetary proposals of the Housing Ministry, aside the questionable N2 billion earmarked for regional housing scheme, were the National Housing Progromme, N41.89 billion; construction, completion and rehabilitation of federal secretariats, N5.379 billion; Zik Mausoleum and Prototype Housing Scheme, N1.325 billion and Projects and Programmes under PPP, N3.367 billion.
Others are Cadastral URD and Lands, N3 billion; URD/Special Projects, N2.140 billion; payment of outstanding local debts, N1.2 billion; and Constituency Outreach Intervention Projects, N1.69 billion etc.
The committee asked the Minister to forward a written request through the Ministries of Finance and Budget and National Planning.
There was, however, disagreement between the two parties when the seemingly moribund status of the Federal Housing Authority, FHA, was raised.
The post Fashola disowns N2bn planted in Housing ministry budget appeared first on Vanguard News.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As a man who spends his time sinking fibre optic cables into roads ex- Birmingham City flier Louie Donowa knows a thing or two about speed.
And he doesn't see much of it in modern day football.
Pace was a quality Donowa certainly didn't lack during a playing career that spanned the best part of two decades.
It was a career which took him from East Anglia, to northern Spain, to the Netherlands, around the West Midlands, to Finland and finally to non league Tamworth.
But it was his six years at Birmingham City for which he will be best remembered.
During his time at St Andrew's, from when he was brought to the club in 1991 to the time he left, after failing to feature under Trevor Francis, he became known for his fleeting brilliance.
In all the pacy winger scored 19 times in 168 appearances for Blues and helped the club to the league and Auto Windscreens double in 1995.
Here's how he looks back on his career.
THEN....
What was your most memorable Blues goal and why?
"I scored a few spectacular ones.
"The one at Leyton Orient in December 1994 when I ran from the edge of our box and whacked it in the back of their net - I can't find it on YouTube anywhere.
"There was one at West Brom when we won 4-2 at The Hawthorns and one on the first day of the season in 1992 at home to Notts County when the ball came out to me from a corner and I volleyed it straight back in."
What was your best moment in football?
"Playing at Wembley with Blues and Norwich were very special.
"I actually did really well in the Footballer's Sprint Challenge in 1992 and won the Midlands heat ahead of Dalian Atkinson.
"I couldn't make the final at Wembley though because I had a trapped nerve. John Williams won it but I was a pretty decent sprinter.
"I'd done 10.9 seconds for the 100m and 21 seconds for the 200m and beaten some Under 21 internationals."
What was your lowest moment in football?
"It was when I was one of Birmingham's longest serving players with Paul Tait and Trevor Francis was going to give me a contract.
"I remember playing really well in the reserves against Liverpool, Leeds and Blackburn up against Graeme Le Saux and Trevor said ‘We'd rather keep you than let you go'.
"I had talks but there was no contract and I ended up hanging about in the reserves before going to Peterborough. I wish I'd have stuck it out."
What souvenir/memento from your career do you most treasure?
"There's my England Under 21 caps, I played four times but they gave you one cap per two games.
"I've got my Milk Cup winner's medal and my medals with Birmingham. My daughter's got them somewhere safe.
"I don't really have any shirts because back then you didn't really swap shirts because there weren't that many around."
NOW.....
Who is your closest friend from football?
"Probably Ruel Fox from our time at Norwich together. I'm not really in touch with any of the Blues lads any more, you all go your separate ways, you move on with your lives and concentrate on work and family."
(Image: Mirrorpix)
Who is the best current player in your position?
"Cristiano Ronaldo but he's not an out and out winger. I like Eden Hazard, the way he just goes past people like they are not there.
"Theo Walcott and Andros Townsend have got plenty of pace, I like to see that on a football field."
(Image: Reuters / Darren Staples)
What is worse and what is better about football now compared to your day?
"I watch Ipswich every weekend and there's just no pace or width in the modern game, it's all about packing the midfield and keeping the ball with short passes.
"And I can't believe how much diving around and play acting there is trying to get players sent off.
"The dietary side of things has come on massively and I'd have really benefited from that specialist advice.
"I don't think I drank enough water or ate the right foods. I'd be flying in training all week then come the weekend I wouldn't have much energy."
Actress Kate Hudson's sportswear brand Fabletics is giving women of all sizes the chance to tap into the athleisure trend. Her collection of active wear is now available in extended sizing, and spans from XXS to 3X.
“We don't see this as the introduction of a separate line but an extension of our brand that now allows us to embrace all the amazing women who are, or want to become, part of our community. Our mission is to support all women on their journey to live a healthy, active lifestyle,” she told MSNBC.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Actress Kate Hudson on launching athletic wear collection Fabletics 5:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It's a mission Hudson has felt passionately about since the very beginning when she launched Fabletics in 2013. Her collection of bright patterns, fashion-forward designs, and high-quality fabrics has helped her grow from an exclusively online business to now having 18 retail locations nationwide with more in the pipeline.
Though she doesn't have a traditional background in business, Hudson said her acting career has helped her innovate and bring new ideas to the table.
“As a creative you go in and you think, 'Oh, I could never be a businessperson. My brain doesn't work that way,'” Hudson said. “But then you realize that it's as creative as being on a set for me and I don't think that the formula in business is always working."
Kate Hudson is both spokesperson and co-founder for athetic wear line Fabletics. Fabletics
But don't expect her to trade in the red carpet for a boardroom any time soon.
“I wouldn't be able to do this without my partners,” the award-winning starlet said. “The whole TechStyle family and what they do, I don't know if that had been my choice job for me personally, as an actress. I'd like to keep my day job. “
And for Kate Hudson, the core of Fabletic's success has been authenticity that women everywhere can relate to — and, more importantly, want to be a part of.
“You could have a company and you could be doing all the right things," said Hudson. "But when it's really authentic and you know that the message behind it is something that someone believes in, I think people get on board because they want to be a part of it.”
By Scott T. Sterling
Sam Smith has announced that his new album The Thrill Of It All will be released on November 3.
The announcement was coupled with the release of a new single, “Pray.” The song is mid-paced and emotive, matching Smith's powerful vocals with piano and a sparse beat, and gradually blossoming with a background choir, strings and guitar. “Pray” was produced by Timbaland.
The singer also announced a large run of North American tour dates for 2018.
Related: Sam Smith Shares Emotional ‘Too Good at Goodbyes' Video
Smith recently sat with Radio.com to discuss the new album.
“It's a diary, but not just about me, the singer said. “It's my thoughts and feelings on my family, fame, the world, all these different things. It's still a diary just attacked it from a different angle.”
Sam also opened up about the role his family played in the making of his sophomore effort.
“My family have been a part of every single moment of this record, I live with my sister so every time I come back from the studio, I play her everything I've made,” he said. “I sat with my mom and dad this time a lot and actually my mom throws amazing dinner parties and I would go over their house and we'd all crack open a bottle of wine and we'd sit round the table and I'd play them stuff. They're actually really honest with me and when they're not feeling something they'll let me know, and I'll disagree with them.”
“My dad hated, “Stay with Me” I remember when I played it for him he absolutely hated it, so they're very honest,” he continued.
“Some of my family's stories have made it into the album so, which, it's an amazing thing. The relationships my family have been in have inspired songs so it's also their diary now as well.”
Sam Smith is set to perform at this year's We Can Survive concert, set for Oct. 21 at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. Smith will appear alongside Alessia Cara, Harry Styles, Kesha, Khalid, Lorde, Macklemore, P!nk and Sam Hunt.
Check out “Pray” and the full tracklisting for The Thrill Of It All below.
The Thrill Of It All – Standard Track Listing
Too Good At Goodbyes
Say It First
One Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby, You Make Me Crazy
No Peace (feat. YEBBA)
Palace
Pray
U.S. Deluxe Edition also includes:
Nothing Left For You
The Thrill Of It All
Scars
One Day At A Time
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 North American Dates
6/18 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
6/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bell Centre
6/22 – Detroit, MI Little @ Caesars Arena
6/23 – Columbus, OH @ Nationwide Arena
6/26 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden
6/27 – Brooklyn, @ NY Barclays Center
6/29 – New York, NY @ Madison Square Garden
7/3 – Washington, DC @ Capital One Arena
7/4 – Philadelphia, PA @ Wells Fargo Center
7/6 – Charlotte, NC @ Spectrum Center
7/7 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/10 – Duluth, GA @ Infinite Energy Center
7/11 – Orlando, FL @ Amway Center
7/13 – Tampa, FL @ Amalie Arena
7/14 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 – New Orleans, LA @ Smoothie King Center
7/18 – Houston, TX @ Toyota Center
7/20 – Dallas, TX @ American Airlines Center
7/21 – Austin, TX @ Frank Erwin Center
7/25 – Monterrey, MEX @ Arena Monterrey
7/27 – Mexico City, MEX @ Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 – Saint Paul, MN @ Xcel Energy Center
8/15 – Chicago, IL @ United Center
8/17 – St. Louis, MO @ Chaifetz Arena
8/18 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
8/21 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
8/22 – Salt Lake City, UT @ Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 – Sacramento, CA @ Golden 1 Center
8/28 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/29 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/31 – Glendale, AZ @Gila River Arena
9/1 – San Diego, CA @ Valley View Casino Center
9/4 – Oakland, CA @ Oracle Arena
9/5 – San Jose, CA @ SAP Center
9/7 – Portland, OR @ Moda Center
9/8 – Seattle, WA @ KeyArena
9/10 – Vancouver, BC @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 – Edmonton, AB @ Rogers Place
9/13 – Calgary, AB @ Scotiabank Saddledome
A van with a damaged front-end sits idle on a sidewalk after the driver drove down a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians in Toronto, Monday, April 23, 2018. The van apparently jumped a curb Monday in a busy intersection in Toronto and struck the pedestrians and fled the scene before it was found and the driver was taken into custody, Canadian police said. The Canadian Press via AP Frank Gunn
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
(RNN) - Dennis Edwards, who sang on some of the Temptations the biggest hits, died Friday in Chicago at 74, just one day before his 75th birthday, the singer's manager said.
His distinctive vocals fueled such songs as "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone," “Cloud Nine and "I Can't Get Next to You.”
The Temptations were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 and won four Grammy Awards.
Dennis Edwards, former lead, singer of the #Temptations. I went to visit him at @RushMedical. He slept away. In his life he inspired millions around the world. We shall all remember him. So talented. He is above #CloudNine, going higher. RIP my brother beloved. pic.twitter.com/yg888HnOWz — Rev Jesse Jackson Sr (@RevJJackson) February 2, 2018
We lost another legend today. Dennis Edwards, former lead singer of the Temptations, will surely be missed. Sending condolences & prayers to Dennis' family & friends. #RIP pic.twitter.com/p5XFTmWArC — Judge Greg Mathis (@JudgeGregMathis) February 2, 2018
R.I.P. Dennis Edwards one of my favorites in the industry. Good Soul ???? Great Artist !!!! pic.twitter.com/K6k8mkY5Iq — MC HAMMER (@MCHammer) February 2, 2018
Edwards briefly married singer Ruth Pointer in 1977. The next year, they welcomed their daughter, Issa Pointer, who also became a singer.
Copyright 2018 Raycom News Network. All rights reserved.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud Pause
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
× Life-saving gifts celebrated, honored at Rose Parade
PASADENA, Calif. — The colorful and lively Rose Parade proceeded safely Monday under cloudy skies — and the watchful eyes of more than 1,000 law enforcement officers.
No major problems were reported after security and other safety measures were beefed up. A large law enforcement presence was also seen at the nearby Rose Bowl, for the game between USC and Penn State.
The 5½-mile parade featured marching bands, horseback riders and dozens of ornately decorated floats covered with flowers.
Highlights included a Hawaii-themed float with a volcano and several waterfalls, another with surfing dogs and one honoring the 49 people killed in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida.
Reat Underwood, who was shot and killed in April 2014 in the Jewish center murders in Johnson County, Kan., was honored in the parade's Donate Life float. Reat was an organ donor.
Reat's grandfather, Dr. William Corporon and Terri LaManno were also killed that day, by white supremacist Frazier Cross. He was sentenced to death.
Reat's parents and brother are in California to watch the parade and were VIP guests on the grandstand.
Heather Reed Flynn, 43, of Kansas City, Mo., was also honored in the parade's third float. Flynn died in 2015 and donated several of her organs.
Officials say there were no known threats toward Pasadena. But in addition to uniformed and plainclothes officers, additional security measures were taken. Sturdy barricades were erected at more than 50 intersections to prevent a terrorist attack like ones that happened in Germany and France last year when trucks barreled into crowds of people.
Los Olivos' second annual Bastille Day Celebration will be held from noon to 1 p.m. Saturday, July 13 in the shaded garden at Coghlan Vineyard and Jewelers, 2366 Alamo Pintado Ave. in Los Olivos.
Responding to rave reviews after the first year, Los Olivos will once again celebrate excellent wine and food with a French flair.
Guests will be able to mingle in the garden while enjoying 12 Los Olivos wineries paired with tasty offerings from restaurants, caterers and confectionaries.
Live entertainment will be provided by the So What Kombo jazz quartet and Judeen's Middle Eastern Dance Studio.
Tickets, which include a souvenir wine glass, are available online by clicking here, at Coghlan's Tasting Room or by calling Kelley Lucia at 805.717.0046. On sale now, early-bird tickets are $55 (regular tickets are $65).
The Bastille Day Celebration will offer pours from Alexander & Wayne, Arthur Earl, Artiste Winery and Tasting Studio, Bernat, Coghlan Vineyard & Jewelers, Consilience & Tre Anelli, Daniel Gehrs Wines, Epiphany Cellars, Pacific Ridge Vineyards, Presqu'ile Winery, Stolpman Vineyards, The Watering Hole and Williams James Cellars.
Providing a delicious counter-point to the wine tasting will be enjoyed! Cupcakes' wine-infused mini cupcakes, Georgia Smokehouses' cucumber watermelon salad with basil and mint, Island View Catering, Los Olivos Cafe, Mediterranean Escape, Olive Hill Farm, Petros Los Olivos, Sides, Hardware & Shoes — a brother's restaurant, Stafford's Famous Chocolates presenting red wine truffles, The Chef's Touch and Uncle Tom's Salsa.
This event is sponsored by the Los Olivos Business Organization. Click here for more information.
— Holly Cline is a publicist and event manager for the Los Olivos Business Organization.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola's Birmingham City were sent convincingly back to the drawing board after Brentford rocked Blues with three second half goals.
Blues went into the second period protecting a lead given to them through Lukas Jutiewicz's eighth goal of the season.
However, an equaliser from Scott Hogan combined with an own goal from David Davis and a late howitzer from Nico Yennaris completed an awful showing from Blues.
Their Italian manager made three changes to the side which drew at Barnsley.
Greg Stewart, Maikel Kieftenbeld and Stephen Gleeson dropped out, Jutkiewicz, David Cotterill and Robert Tesche came in.
The German was making his first start under the new manager.
Although Blues began reasonably well Brentford had the first attempt on goal - after ten minutes.
Lasse Vibe lifted a ball to the edge of the area and the ever dangerous Hogan was on to it in a flash.
The striker fired first time, low straight at Tomasz Kuszczak who deflected it away.
The first clear-cut chance came in the 19th minute - and went to Zola's men after a lovely ball over the top by Jutkiewicz put Che Adams clean through.
Time seemed to stand still until the 20-year-old shot weakly across goal and well past the far post for what was a glaring miss.
The youngster made up for it midway through the period though after Tesche had set Blues away.
The German dummied to play to his left in his own half but instead surged through the centre circle.
He then played the ball into the feet of Adams who turned well and poked a pass through to Jutkiewicz.
The big striker showed excellent strength to reach the ball ahead of the defender and dink it over Bentley as he raced out.
Birmingham might have doubled their lead quite quickly.
First Cotterill won the ball on the right and swept over a low cross to the near post where Adams hooked it first time goalwards, low but straight at Bentley on his line.
Then just before the half hour Jutkiewicz won possession just inside his own half, made 30 yards and spread play to Jacques Maghoma in the inside left.
The winger checked inside and let rip with his right foot but Harlee Dean charged down.
Brentford gradually assumed control towards the end of the first half and might have levelled when Yoann Barbet fizzed a low ball from the left.
Hogan couldn't quite turn it home and then Vibe failed to keep his effort down.
The Bees began the second period better too. Indeed Blues didn't begin it at all.
Soon after the restart Hogan brought a superb save out of Kuszczak after Romaine Sawyers' through ball - albeit from an offside position,
The striker made no mistake in the 54th minute, though.
Brentford broke down the right and swept in a cross which Yoann Barbet rifled towards goal.
Michael Morrison blocked that effort but was powerless to prevent Hogan from picking his spot with the rebound.
The striker thought he'd given his side the lead a couple of minutes later.
Ryan Shotton looked to have brought him down outside the area but Geoff Eltringham adjudged the contact to have been inside.
Hogan picked himself up and rammed a well-struck penalty to Kuszczak's right.
The Pole did superbly to turn the drive behind.
The reprieve was short-lived. With just a quarter of the game remaining Ryan Woods curled an inswinging free kick into the area to which David Davis appeared to get the final touch.
A thoroughly deflating afternoon was completed with three minutes of normal time left when sub Yennaris lashed a 25-yard piledriver past Kuszczak.
BLUES (4-2-3-1): Kuszczak; Spector, Morrison, Shotton, Grounds; Tesche (Stewart 76), Davis; Cotterill (Solomon-Otabor 83) Adams, Maghoma (Kieftenbeld 62); Jutkiewicz. Subs: Legzdins, Robinson, Gleeson, Dacres-Cogley
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Bentley; Bjelland, Dean, Egan; Colin, Woods, Sawyers, McEachran (Yennaris 67), Barbet; Vibe (Kerschbaumer 83), Hogan (Hoffmann 90). Subs: Bonham, Saunders, McCormack, Clark
Birmingham City
At least four have been confirmed dead in a workplace shooting that took place at a UPS facility in San Francisco this morning. Six others have suffered gunshot wounds. Of the four confirmed dead, one is the gunman, who shot himself in the head afterward.
According to UPS spokesman, the shooter was a driver and in uniform. All the employees involved were on the clock and gathering for their morning meeting before making deliveries. Gaut stated all employees were evacuated from the San Francisco facility and has about 850 workers in the area.
A user on Twitter was across from the building when he heard multiple shots.
UPS shooting across the st from my bedroom. Heard ~7-8 shots fired, then police storm the ramp to roof as UPS workers had hands up #ups pic.twitter.com/R5hDZ2Bwhh — raydeng (@raydeng) June 14, 2017
Shocked UPS employees who have been evacuated from shooting scene. pic.twitter.com/UYKCp0hoXK — Eric Thomas (@ericthomaskgo) June 14, 2017
SFPD updates on San Francisco UPS shooting from chief of police https://t.co/lShpDejvcH — Bill Perry (@bperry) June 14, 2017
New mom Tori Spelling has had $700,000 docked from her bank account by U.S. tax officials to cover an outstanding lien.
The former Beverly Hills, 90210 star, daughter of multi-millionaire TV mogul Aaron Spelling, and her husband Dean McDermott have been struggling financially for some time, and last summer, the couple was slapped with a federal tax lien for an unpaid bill relating to earnings from 2014.
According to the New York Post's Page Six, that amount has finally been settled after authorities at America's Internal Revenue Service (IRS) had the funds withdrawn from Tori and Dean's accounts.
The news emerges three weeks after Dean settled his support case with his ex-wife, Mary Jo Eustace, after he was threatened with jail if he failed to pay up.
Tori and Dean, who welcomed their fifth child in early March, are also facing legal action from American Express bosses after failing to pay off their credit card debts, and were sued by officials at City National Bank in December over an unpaid loan.
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) — An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents obtained by The Associated Press.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona, according to the complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
The records don't say if the ammunition was used in the attack. Haig was charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday where he said didn't notice anything suspicious when he sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, said he met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the shooting and he was well-dressed and polite.
He didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted him a few days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
Haig said he was shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed him of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig said, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition Paddock bought. “I had no way to see into his mind.”
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect his reputation after he was revealed earlier this week to be a “person of interest” in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after his name was not redacted in court documents.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with his name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock launched the attack on a music festival below.
He gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told him that “he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for his friends. I can't remember whether he used the word ‘with' or ‘for.' But he said that he was going out at night to shoot it with friends.”
He said he has received unwanted media attention and death threats since his name was released. Still, Haig, who has closed his ammunition business, said he doesn't expect to take any legal action as a result of his name being publicly revealed.
The Las Vegas Police Department and U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives declined to comment when contacted earlier Friday.
The FBI and U.S. attorney's office in Nevada didn't immediately respond to emails seeking comment.
Kim Kardashian has been advocating to free Alice Marie Johnson, who has been in prison for over 20 years for a drug charge. However, her advocacy went a bit too far when she was called on by the White House to meet with Jared Kushner to discuss prison reform. Twitter was not happy.
Tell Us How You Really Feel: Twitter Melts Down Over Kim Kardashian's White House Visit To Discuss Prison Reform was originally published on newsone.com
Damascus, SANA- The Syrian Arab Army units started on Monday a precise military operation targeting the terrorist organizations' hideouts in Hazza town.
SANA correspondent to Ghouta said that the army units advanced towards the town of Hazza to clear it of terrorists in parallel with carrying out precise bombardment targeting the terrorist gatherings and main hotbeds in the town of Zamalka and Erbin.
In the north-western sector of Ghouta, the army units carried out intensive operations on the terrorist gatherings which still besieging many families inside Harasta city and preventing them from leaving the area.
H. Zain/ Ghossoun
By Boluwaji Obahopo
LOKOJA—The Nigeria Police, yesterday, paraded two suspected political thugs with two AK-47 and five pump action guns allegedly working for the lawmaker representing Kogi West senatorial district, Senator Dino Melaye.
The two suspects— Kabiru Saidu aka Osama, 31, and Nuhu Salisu aka Small, 25, were paraded by the Police Force Headquarters Public Relation Officer, Mr. Jimoh Moshood, at the Kogi State Police Command in Lokoja.
According to him, they were arrested after a gun battle with a Police team, which lasted for several hours on January 19.
However, reacting to the allegations, Senator Melaye said it was an orchestrated lie by the governor and the Police to shut him up, and that he had never seen the arrested suspects.
Meanwhile, parading the two kidnappers alleged to have been supplied guns and ammunition by Senator Melaye, Moshood said the Senator had been ignoring Police invitations to clear his name from the allegation.
Moshood said the two suspects, Osama and Small, were members of a notorious gang behind numerous kidnapping and robbery cases in the state.
He said: “Working on actionable intelligence, the Kogi State Police Command personnel and Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad, FSARS, trailed and arrested the two suspects after a gun battle with the Police team on January 19 at Ogojueje in Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State.
“During investigation, they confessed to several kidnappings and robberies in different towns across the state and its environs for which they have been on the wanted list of the Police for more than two years.
“During interrogation, they further confessed they were political thugs recruited by some mischievous politicians in Kogi to cause mayhem, disruption of peace, and destruction of lives and properties in the state.”
‘Saidu fingered Dino Melaye'
Continuing, the Police spokesman said: “They also confessed to belong to the gang of a dreaded and vicious kidnap-for-ransom gang under a gang leader whose whereabouts is being investigated.
“According to the gang leader, Kabiru Saidu, he has been working as a political thug for a politician, who introduced him to Senator Dino Melaye and they met at Airport Road, Abuja inside Senator Melaye's car in December 2017.
“The suspect further confessed that Senator Dino told him to start working for him as a political thug and they should recruit and train more thugs to work for him in preparations towards 2019 general election to enable him challenge his political opponents and disorganise Kogi State.”
Moshood said the suspects further confessed that Dino handed over a bag containing one AK-47 rifle, two pump action and N430,000 for them to share.
He said a case of criminal conspiracy and unlawful possession of prohibited firearms had been filed by the Police against the two suspects and Senator Dino Melaye.
It's Kogi govt's frame-up—Melaye
Meanwhile, Senator Dino Melaye in his reaction to the allegations, said it was a frame-up and an orchestrated attempt by the state government to discredited him.
The Senator said he had never seen the suspects in his life and did not have anything to do with them.
Melaye said the move was an attempt by the Kogi State government to shut him up and prevent him from speaking the truth about governance in the state.
The Senator noted that he contested and won elections into the House of Representatives and the Senate without working with political thugs, saying the plan had been exposed about six weeks ago.
Melaye's words: “This is an attempt to shut me up and stop me from speaking the truth. But they have failed. It is an orchestrated lie by the governor and the Police.
“I have tweeted about it six weeks ago; that they want to set me up because I got a tip-off from government house when they met to set me up.
“You can see the conflicting statements by the criminals. I heard one said I gave two AK-47s and pump action, while the other said I gave only one rifle and that I gave N430,000 to train militia, and that I met them on Airport Road in December 2017.
“But they didn't give a date and time. I don't know anybody. I have not involved myself with any thug. I became member House of Representatives and Senate without thug. If this is an attempt to shut me up they have failed.”
Prince was multi-chromatic; a comedian who said as few words as possible, an androgynous sex symbol, a devout mischief-maker, an artist who fused disparate styles — soul and rhythm and blues and rock solos and reedy electronics — into one squarely his own, painted with a palette no one had even noticed.
Regardless, we call him The Purple One for good reason. And now, thanks to a deal between his increasingly license-happy estate and the Pantone Color Institute, he has his own, specific, kingly shade.
"While the spectrum of the color purple will still be used in respect to the 'Purple One,' Love Symbol #2 will be the official color across the brand he left behind," a statement reads. The color was inspired by the hue of a piano he'd planned to take on tour, before passing away on April 21, 2016.
Love Symbol #2 was the name Prince gave to his copyrighted symbol, which made its first appearance on 1992's Love Symbol Album. One year later, after reaching peak frustration with Warner Bros., his label home for many, many years, Prince changed his name to the graphic portmanteau.
Not wanting to leave the press out in the lurch with regard to covering him, Prince sent around floppy disks containing a font that had just one character: his own. They eventually settled, for the most part, on the far-less elegant "Artist Formerly Known As Prince."
This year marks GTNews' 20th anniversary. The industry has dramatically changed the publication was first launched. The global trade landscape has undergone unprecedented change, with a multitude of industry developments and innovations taking place over the past two decades. BNY Mellon treasury services' Dominic Broom – global head of trade business development – and Bana Akkad Azhari – head of relationship management for the Middle East and Africa (MEA) and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) – discuss those that have had the greatest impact.
Undoubtedly, there has been an astonishing number of developments within transaction banking in the last 20 years. Briefly, how have you seen the industry change, and how has this impacted trade?
Dominic Broom:
The diverse trade landscape we see today has been enabled by not only a rapid pace in emerging technology and increased regulation, but also the rapid development of world economies.
New geographies have played a major role in transforming the trade landscape, particularly in Asia – and to a slightly lesser degree, in Latin American markets – as global commerce has become more integrated.
When China joined the World Trade Organisation (WTO) in 2001, a revolution in world trade ensued, and since then, China has come to dominate world trade in terms of the volume of goods delivered. As China becomes a middle market economy – with its focus now shifting irrevocably towards the manufacturing of higher value goods – trade is evolving further still, with mass production techniques and the manufacturing of lower value goods moving on to new markets, such as Vietnam and Indonesia.
Technology has also played an immense role in paving the trade landscape we see today. Technology, particularly the internet, has enabled small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to trade with each other over far greater distances – enabling a much higher level of inclusiveness than has ever been possible before.
Furthermore, the financing of trade was traditionally dominated by merchant banks, and by the 1990s, American, European and Japanese commercial banks. Now, this is not necessarily the case. New specialist institutions and market entrants have emerged, partly as a result of increased regulation and retrenched bank lending post-financial crisis, as well as emerging technological services that have brought new capabilities to the marketplace.
Bana Akkad Azhari:
It is also important to note that, while there has been a considerable amount of change over the preceding two decades, trade is very versatile by nature. And although we sometimes witness shifts in trade corridors, or in the types of goods that are traded – whether that be a diverted trade route or a shift from luxury goods to more basic goods – trade always finds a way.
For instance, the Arab Spring naturally impacted trade flows in and out of many MEA countries, however, trade didn't stop, it just shifted to accommodate the circumstances.
You mentioned regulation. In what ways have this impacted trade?
Bana Akkad Azhari:
Regulation and compliance have become much more rigorous, especially since the turn of the millennium, and in response, transaction banks have certainly become more vigilant.
Standards of compliance have become increasingly sophisticated over the years, shifting from simple transaction profiling, to examining all aspects of a trade operation in greater detail. This means checking if the types of goods, the destination of recipient countries, and even the vessel, are legitimate – signifying an actual trade of goods – and compliant in all underlying parts.
Moreover, compliance has increased in terms of looking at the authenticity of documents, with respect to ensuring that there is a legitimate exchange of goods taking place, and that trade instruments are not being used as vehicles for illicit money laundering. This of course, has added to the costs and workload when performing any trade transaction – particularly the number of man hours necessary to review and approve a transaction.
Since the global financial crisis, enhanced requirements and metrics around the use of capital have evolved. New capital requirements, such as Basel III, for example, have increased pressure on banks to optimise return on capital thereby impacting the pricing of a transaction.
As a result, many banks have shifted their business models – cutting non-core businesses and clients – which is what is currently being referred to as de-risking. And given their typically lower credit rating, emerging economies that are heavily reliant on imports and trade have been impacted the most.
It is hoped, however, that technology will be able to play an important role in helping to alleviate some of the additional workload associated with regulation and compliance.
How has technology helped to enhance trade?
Dominic Broom:
Technology has changed the industry beyond measure, particularly with respect to the physical supply chain. Containerisation, which first developed in the 1950s, has been completely revolutionised, thus further enhancing the speed and efficiency with which physical goods are traded. Technology now allows us to track containers, manage shipping lanes and develop logistic hubs around the world – capabilities that were not available 20 years ago.
However, the financial supply chain has been slower to adapt, and, although of a number of interesting technology developments have emerged, there hasn't as yet been a ‘ground-breaking' fintech solution in trade finance. This is partly due to the complexity of trade transactions, and the high level of interoperability required between shipowners, companies, banks, customs officials and road hauliers, for instance.
Certainly, the management of documentation remains a key sticking point for trade, and that is partly because the data sets have become more complex. On the financing side there is far greater KYC and regulatory-led analysis around the trading of goods than was the case 20 years ago – largely as a result of the financial crisis – in order to make sure that financial systems and trading systems remain robust and secure.
But technology has significantly helped improve standardisation and enable more efficient and effective data management, which in turn should drive down costs.
Bana Akkad Azhari:
The technology emerging around transparency and access to information is helping banks to equip their clients with the tools to manage their trade flows and trade receivables far more effectively than before.
With new technology capabilities coming to the fore, it is important that banks are able to provide solutions that meet the needs of their clients – and individual client needs to differ across different countries and regions. That is why banks must be able to leverage data to gain insights into trends and behaviour, and a real deep understanding of their businesses. That is how banks can add real value to the client experience.
Dominic Broom:
Indeed, the role of the correspondent bank is increasingly revolving around the management and harnessing of data.
Throughout the evolution of trade, correspondent banks have remained an anchor that support, and link, institutions and counterparties across the globe. So as the landscape continues to develop, the services of correspondents must adapt, to ensure banks can deliver optimised solutions to their clients and allow global trade opportunities to be grasped to the full.
The views expressed herein are those of the authors only and may not reflect the views of BNY Mellon. This does not constitute treasury services advice, or any other business or legal advice, and it should not be relied upon as such.
7 views
Tags:
MEDIA RELEASE
Big Island police are searching for a 35-year-old Puna woman who was reported missing.
Sarah Cain was last seen at around 12 p.m. on Sunday, April 9, 2017, in the area of Isaac Hale Beach Park in Puna. She is described as Caucasian, 5-foot-6, 120 pounds with shoulder length brown wavy hair and brown eyes. She was last seen wearing an orange and yellow bathing suit.
Police ask that anyone with information on her whereabouts contact Officer Louie Ondo Jr. at 961-2252 or call the Police Department's non-emergency line at 935-3311.
Tipsters who prefer to remain anonymous may call the island-wide Crime Stoppers number at 961-8300 and may be eligible for a reward of up to $1,000. Crime Stoppers is a volunteer program run by ordinary citizens who want to keep their community safe. Crime Stoppers doesn't record calls or subscribe to caller ID. All Crime Stoppers information is kept confidential.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
A Grand Reception On The Cards
Virat and Anushka will be hosting a reception in New Delhi for their relatives on 21st December which will be followed by a reception for industry friends and cricketers in Mumbai on 26th December.
The newly wed couple will travel to South Africa where Virat will start prepping for the upcoming series and Anushka will spend New Year's Eve with him and return in the first week of January to begin the next schedule of Anand L Rai's film with Shah Rukh Khan in Mumbai. She will also start prepping for Sui Dhaaga as the shooting for the same starts in February 2018 with Varun Dhawan. Anushka will also be busy with the marketing and promotions of Pari which is releasing on 9th February.
Virat, on the other hand, will be playing the series in South Africa for 2 months which includes three Tests, six One Day Internationals (ODIs) and three Twenty20 International (T20I) matches.
A Santa Maria judge on Thursday ordered that a 19-year-old former St. Joseph High School student be remanded into custody — two weeks after a jury found him guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor, who was a 14-year-old fellow student at the time.
Shane Villalpando, who graduated from Righetti High School last June, was charged in April 2012 with raping a 14-year-old girl while he was a student at the Orcutt Catholic high school.
Villalpando was allowed two extra weeks of freedom because he was not in court when the jury's verdict was read just before 5 p.m. June 12 due to the late hour.
On Thursday, Villalpando appeared in a Santa Maria courtroom for an informal conference, at which time Superior Court Judge Rick Brown sided with the prosecution and ordered him into handcuffs.
Prosecutors agreed not to retry Villalpando on the fourth felony count of rape of an intoxicated person — which the jury had deadlocked on 11-1 for conviction — after he agreed to certain conditions, according to Deputy District Attorney Jennifer Karapetian.
As part of the deal, Villalpando pleaded guilty to an added felony count of unlawful sex with a minor, Karapetian said.
He agreed to serve one year in jail, with five years of formal probation, and will register as a sex offender for five years as a term of that probation.
He faces a maximum of five years in prison when he's scheduled to be formally sentenced on July 18.
“Should he violate his probation, his probation can be revoked, and he can be sentenced to prison. These terms will help bring the victims closure,” Karapetian said, noting the victim's family did not want another jury trial. “They can truly move forward with their lives, and know that the defendant was held accountable for his actions.
“The defendant will also have to register as a sex offender for five years, which will help safeguard the community and help protect against future victims.”
Villalpando, who had posted bail and was not in custody before Thursday, was convicted at the conclusion of a weeklong trial that began June 4.
He was tried on lesser charges after originally facing three felony counts of forcible rape, one felony count of administering a drug, and one felony count of dissuading a witness.
The 14-year-old victim's complaint alleges Villalpando raped her on multiple occasions between Jan. 28 and April 13, 2012, and then tried to prevent or dissuade her from reporting the incidents to the police.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The Trump administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for President Trump to decide whether he will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments — known as cost-sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said he may end the reimbursements, which he calls "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month to month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesman says Trump is "working with his staff and his Cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it is offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
And Marc Harrison, CEO of Intermountain Healthcare, which covers 173,000 people in Idaho and Utah, says premium increases could be "astonishing."
Still, he says, his company will stick with the Obamacare markets. "These are our patients. We're not going anywhere. We're going to keep trying to figure this out."
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," he says.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Barack Obama, saying the payments were illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
Santa Barbara writer and poet Melinda Palacio had her first novel, Ocotillo Dreams, accepted and published in July by Arizona State University's Bilingual Review Press.
Five years in the writing, and another five spent in finding a publisher, Ocotillo Dreams is a story of divided loyalties and the pressure of history upon the present, set during the well-known sweep of undocumented workers that took place in Chandler, Ariz., in 1997. Like that incident, Palacio's novel has been the center of some controversy.
The book had its genesis in a kind of autobiographical coincidence. In 1997, Palacio, a California native, acquired a house in Chandler, a town about 100 miles to the northwest of Tucson, and moved there. From July 27-31, local law enforcement and federal authorities collaborated in what they called “Operation Restoration,” in which officers on bicycles patrolled Chandler asking people, whose appearance suggested Hispanic ancestry, for proof of citizenship. Those who could not provide proof were arrested. A 2004 inquiry in the U.S. Senate produced the conclusion that the Chandler operation was “the only major ethnic profiling incident actually related to immigration.”
Palacio, who had just arrived in Chandler when Operation Restoration was put in motion, recalls, “The neighbors suspected that the house I bought was a way station for undocumented immigrants.”
Living in the midst of such an explosive situation, and falling herself under suspicion, activated the writer in her. What a subject! Rather than produce a detailed documentary account of the incident, she quickly decided that the best way to get the story out was to write a novel.
“Since I lived (there while they were going on),” she said, “it wasn't far-fetched for me to imagine myself being caught in the sweeps. … The Chandler round-up screamed ‘novel' to me and was an obvious choice. It surprises me that more novelists haven't taken up the subject.”
As summarized by the Bilingual Review Press, Ocotillo Dreams tells the story of “Isola, a young woman who inherits a Chandler home and relocates there temporarily. There she learns that her mother had lived a secret life of helping the undocumented workers. Isola must confront her own confusion and sense of loyalty in a strange and unwelcoming environment. As she gets to know her mother from clues left behind, she grapples with issues of identity and belonging that lead her on a journey toward purpose in life and reconnection with her roots.”
For the past couple of months, Palacio has been on a book tour across the Southwest. She made a couple of stops in Arizona to give readings and sign books. The announcement of her appearance drew angry comments in the local papers, expressing anti-immigrant sentiments. But the complainers couldn't make it to the book signing.
“Instead,” Palacio said, “a very diverse and enlightened and friendly crowd showed up to my reading — about 60 people.”
Palacio will be at Chaucer's Books, 3321 State St. in Santa Barbara, for a reading and book signing at 7 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 27. Click here for more information about her and her book.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Above all, he was an individual of humor, compassion, commitment and high character. He will be greatly missed.
His experience and expertise in local government was also an invaluable asset to the organization.
Supervisor Teixeira served on the CenCal Health Board of Directors with commitment and distinction. He was always ready to contribute as needed in furthering the mission of CenCal Health.
It is with great sadness that the board and staff of CenCal Health learned of the surprising passing of San Luis Obispo County Supervisor Paul Teixeira.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
We all have an idea of what we want our future to look like. The big house, beautiful yard, trips overseas, expensive cars… the list goes on and on.
It's great to know what financial success you hope to achieve. It's also essential to set both short and long term goals, along with a written plan to help you turn that dream into a reality. Writing down your financial goals will help you focus your efforts.
Don't Miss The Latest Music, Celebrities and Interviews. Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
It's unfortunate, but most people spend more time planning their wardrobe than they do their finances. Set your financial goals as early as possible.
The more time you have to save and invest, the more financial security you will have when it comes time to retire. For example: if you invest 5,000 at the age of 20, at a 5% annual interest rate, by the time you reach age 65 you would have over $40K.
So, when you receive that first “real” paycheck after college, don't spend it senselessly. Think of your financial future and the goals you've put in place to help you reach them.
Gear-up for the new school year at Prep 4 Success!
Click the flyer below for more info!
For the Latest Entertainment News: Follow @ipowerrichmond
5 Steps To Dodging The Freshman 15! 5 photos Launch gallery 5 Steps To Dodging The Freshman 15! 1. Always eat breakfast. Source:Getty 1 of 5 2. Stay active! Source:Getty 2 of 5 3. Watch what you're eating. Source:Getty 3 of 5 4. Don't eat after hours. Source:Getty 4 of 5 5. Prepare healthy snacks! Source:Getty 5 of 5 Skip ad Continue reading 5 Steps To Dodging The Freshman 15! 5 Steps To Dodging The Freshman 15! [caption id="attachment_3023542" align="alignnone" width="1024"] Source: laflor / Getty[/caption] You're starting college in a few weeks when you hear a phrase as unfamiliar, as it is horrifying, “The Freshman 15.” The ill-fated 10-15 pounds that most first-year college students pack on during their initial year on campus. So, what is the cause of this magical weight gain? Well, for the first time we're away from home and challenged by the task of incorporating a healthy diet and exercise while balancing course work and a hectic schedule. Not to mention, fast food restaurants are EVERYWHERE, the additional stress, increased alcohol consumption, and the calorie rich cafeteria food tastes pretty good -- usually. So what can we do to avoid adding a pot belly and love handles to our svelte physique? Here are 5 easy tips for dodging the Freshman 15:
Latest…
The platform said that a "troll" with a history of customer abuse was responsible for the game that sparked outrage from families of school shooting victims.
Active Shooter was set to be released on June 6 on Steam — a gaming platform owned by Valve, a Washington-based technology and software company. However, the game prompted widespread outrage, with parents of the Parkland school shooting victims demanding that it not be released. More than 200,000 people signed a petition started by a Seattle mom to stop the launch.
Advertisement
A Valve spokesperson provided this statement to BuzzFeed News on Wednesday: We have removed the developer Revived Games and publisher ACID from Steam.
This developer and publisher is, in fact, a person calling himself Ata Berdiyev, who had previously been removed last fall when he was operating as "[bc]Interactive" and "Elusive Team". Ata is a troll, with a history of customer abuse, publishing copyrighted material, and user review manipulation. His subsequent return under new business names was a fact that came to light as we investigated the controversy around his upcoming title. We are not going to do business with people who act like this towards our customers or Valve.
The broader conversation about Steam's content policies is one that we'll be addressing soon. The spokesperson did not provide further details about whether Berdiyev was the person behind both Revived Games and Acid.
A person who identified himself as Ata Berdyev on Twitter said he was not the developer of Active Shooter but that his "good friend" Anton was behind it. @seattletimes @rachelerman You got your story a bit wrong about "Active Shooter" and my involvement. Anton (Acid) is my good friend, and I am not a developer of that game either. If you want, I can give you the statement or an interview you can use in your story. Cheers.
According to its Steam profile, Acid is a Russia-based game publishing house that was started in 2017. The company's profile said it has a team of three people, one of whom appears to be an individual called Arthur Belkin, whose online profile states that he is the lead developer of Acid. It was not immediately clear what Berdyev's involvement in Acid is and whether Anton and Belkin are part of the group. Acid and Berdyev did not respond to BuzzFeed News' request for comment.
Berdyev also claimed that Valve did not remove Active Shooter due to the controversy, but because it thought that he was responsible for the game. @Sephi24 @ACID_WTF @Michael_Kan @PCMag It didnt get removed due to the controversy. It got removed because @steam_games thought that Anton was me (?). Good one.
Last November, Piccled Ricc — a PC game based on the cartoon Rick and Morty that was developed by Berdyev — was pulled from Steam following a copyright complaint. Piccled Ricc is now available on Steam: https://t.co/SXx6MkvRSo
Berdyev defended his game at the time, calling it a "parody" of the popular cartoon. "It was that time where Pickle Rick was [a] pretty hyped up thing, so I decided to make my own parody about it,” Berdyev told gaming website Polygon in 2017. "What I mean by parody is that I tried to make sure I didn't cross any line as far as legality goes; thus why I altered the name and character himself, to try to make him look differently than from the cartoon. It's crazy that this have happened, but there is nothing much I can really do." According to Polygon, Berdyev has been previously accused of "asset flipping" — a tactic where developers use premade assets to quickly build a cheap game with "little original work" and upload it to publishing platforms like Steam for a profit. Last year, Valve removed nearly 200 such games in a crackdown on what the company refers to as "fake games."
Tasneem Nashrulla is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Tasneem Nashrulla at tasneem.nashrulla@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
PARKER, Fla. (AP) — Florida police arrested a couple for allegedly using “malicious” methods to punish children.
According to Parker police reports, 33-year-old Dannie Lee Bullock and 31-year-old Amber Nicole Waldrop had been investigated for allegedly using a stun gun to shock one child and forcing the child to eat dog feces.
Officers wrote in arrest reports that three other children in the Florida Panhandle home witnessed the “malicious punishment.”
The children's ages weren't released. Police said Bullock and Waldrop lived with the four children, but the reports didn't say how the children were related.
The News Herald reports the couple appeared in Bay County court Thursday on charges of aggravated child abuse, child neglect and drug possession.
Bullock and Waldrop each were held on $47,500 bail. Jail records didn't show whether they had attorneys.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On Monday night, the HIV Organ Policy Equity (HOPE) Act (S. 330), legislation co-authored by Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, Rep. Andy Harris of Maryland, Sen. Barbara Boxer of California and Sen. Tom Coburn, M.D., of Oklahoma, passed the U.S. Senate by unanimous consent.
The bill would create a science-based path for medical research to proceed on the feasibility, effectiveness and safety of HIV-positive to HIV-positive organ transplants. Senate approval of the legislation is a significant step forward, and S. 330 will now move to the House for consideration.
“I am grateful to leadership of Sen. Boxer and Sen. Coburn for getting this common-sense, science-based legislation through the Senate,” said Capps, co-author of the legislation, member of the Energy and Commerce Committee's Health Subcommittee and a nurse. “The HOPE Act must be passed in order to allow for research on the feasibility and safety of HIV-positive to HIV-positive organ transplants. If shown to be safe and effective these types of transplants will help with the growing need for organ transplants for HIV-positive individuals and will help reduce long transplant wait times overall. I look forward to continuing our efforts in the House and hope the House will consider S.330 quickly.”
“With recent events reminding us of the need for more organs for transplantation, this legislation will increase the number of organs available for transplantation and will save lives,” said Andy Harris, M.D. “I am encouraged that the Senate took bipartisan action on this commonsense, scientifically sound legislation.”
Currently, a blanket ban enacted in 1988 prohibits acquiring, even for research, organs “that are infected with the etiologic agent for acquired immune deficiency syndrome.” The bill would strike this outdated standard and create a potential pathway for HIV-positive organs to be donated to HIV-positive patients.
The legislation would lift the ban on HIV-positive organ transplantation and charge the Department of Health and Human Services with setting up a research protocol to determine the effectiveness of positive to positive transplants while ensuring the safety of the existing transplant system. HHS would subsequently evaluate the results of the research to determine if HIV-positive organ donation for HIV-positive transplant patients is effective and safe.
The explicit ban on acquiring HIV-positive organs for any purpose, including research, was included in the Organ Transplant Amendments of 1988 when very little was known about HIV/AIDS and few treatments were available. As HIV treatments like Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy (HAART) have become more effective, however, patients with HIV are living longer, fuller lives. But they also are more likely to experience other life-threatening conditions including kidney and liver failure, which require organ transplants. It has been estimated that liver disease accounts for 40 percent of deaths in people with HIV – which would make it the leading cause of death. Kidney disease is estimated to affect about 30 percent of people with HIV and cause more than 10 percent of HIV-related deaths.
According to a study published in the American Journal of Transplantation, allowing HIV-positive organ donation to HIV-positive transplant patients could increase the organ donation pool by 500-600 donors, potentially saving hundreds of lives. Moreover, the policy change and changes in treatments could potentially save Medicare dollars by reducing the need for kidney dialysis. Currently, treating patients experiencing kidney failure is responsible for six percent of Medicare's annual budget. Moving more patients from dialysis to transplantation could result in both better patient outcomes and lower Medicare costs.
Identical versions of the HOPE Act were introduced for the first time in both chambers on Feb. 14 in honor of National Donor Day. Minor changes were made to the Senate version of the HOPE Act (S. 330) in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP) Committee and on the Senate floor before passage. Congresswoman Capps supported the changes and is working to get the House to proceed with consideration of S. 330 soon.
The legislation has support from a broad coalition of members of the medical community as well as advocacy groups, including the American Society for Transplantation, American Society of Transplant Surgeons, Dialysis Patient Citizens, HIV Medicine Association, United Network for Organ Sharing, Human Rights Campaign, Organization for Transplant Professionals, American Society for Nephrology, American Transplant Foundation and Association of Organ Procurement Organization.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
Oil prices fell on Monday as a slowdown in Chinese refining raised concerns about demand in the world's second-biggest consumer, while an increase in U.S. drilling capacity could deepen a global supply glut.
Chinese refineries processed 10.71 million barrels per day (bpd) in July, National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) data showed, down around 500,000 bpd from June and the lowest rate since September 2016.
Analysts said the drop was steeper than expected, exacerbating concerns that a glut of refined fuel products could weaken Chinese demand for oil.
Global benchmark Brent crude futures LCOc1 were down 27 cents from Friday's close at $51.83 a barrel at 0846 GMT. They touched a low of $51.66 earlier in the session.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures CLc1 were trading at $48.64 a barrel, down 18 cents.
Oil investors were also cautious after U.S. drilling rig data published by Baker Hughes on Friday showed explorers increased oil drilling capacity for the second time in three weeks, extending a 15-month recovery in drilling.
The rising rig count hints at sustained output growth just as the world's major oil producers, excluding the United States, try to stem oversupply by trimming production.
Oversupply has been exacerbated by rising production in Libya, which is one of the OPEC members exempt from production cuts and has been trying to regain its pre-war oil production levels.
“The recovery in Libyan production has been the single largest factor driving global supply growth in the last few months,” said oil analysts at Panmure Gordon.
Libya's National Oil Corporation said on Monday it was investigating security violations at its biggest oilfield, the Sharara field.
Sharara has been producing around 270,000 bpd but the NOC did not specify whether the security violations had any impact on output.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but he says they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," he says. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
ROCK SPRINGS – Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County physicians have elected a new slate of officers.
Dr. David Dansie was elected Nov. 28 to serve another term as president of the MHSC medical staff. Dr. Samer Kattan will serve as vice president and Dr. Larry Lauridsen, secretary/treasurer.
“It is a privilege,” Dansie said, “I know my colleagues and I look forward to serving our patients and this community.”
Individual hospital departments also have picked leaders.
Dr. Christian Theodosis will chair the General Services Department, with Dr. Cielette Karn as vice-chair. General Services includes Emergency Medicine, Radiology and Pathology.
Dr. Charles Knight will chair the Medicine Department, with Dr. Zachary Nicholas as vice-chair. The Medicine Department includes Family Practice, Internal Medicine, Pediatrics, Pulmonary/Critical Care, Nephrology and Oncology.
Dr. Steven Croft will chair the Surgery Department, with Dr. Jacques Denker as vice-chair. The Surgery Department includes General Surgery, Anesthesiology, Orthopedics, Ob/Gyn, Plastic Surgery, Urology, Otolaryngology, Podiatry and Dentistry.
Police, okada riders clash in Lagos over death of colleague
A police patrol vehicle belonging to the Ipakodo Police Station was on Wednesday set ablaze by Operators of commercial motorcycle popularly known as Okada riders in retaliation of the death of one of their members allegedly caused by some policemen attached to the station.
The patrol vehicle was said to have been set ablaze in the early hours of Wednesday at Baale junction in Owode area of Ibeshe in Ikorodu.
It was gathered that the incident which led to the setting ablaze of the vehicle started last night when a patrol team from the division allegedly engaged one of the operators in a hot chase due to his failure to part with the sum of N100 demanded by the cops.
Findings revealed that it has been a usual practice of Policemen from Ipakodo Division to extort the Okada riders on daily basis at the junction once it is 9.00pm.
Following the refusal of the deceased to part with N100 requested by the cops, he was said to have been chased towards Ibeshe road and eventually fell into a gutter with the motorcycle.
The deceased, whose name was yet to be ascertained as at the time , was said to have sustained fatal injury on his head and other parts of the body.
According to the source, the cops immediately absconded with their vehicle, abandoning the victim to groin in pains.
Subsequently, his colleaguees, as reliably leanrt immediately raised to the scene and rescued the victim to a nearby hospital for medical attention.
The victim was said to have died in the process.
Following the demise, his colleagues were said to have mobilised themseves, attacked the policemen and set the patrol van ablaze as soon as the cops arrived the scene this morning, unaware of the death of the victim.
The policemen, according to the source scampered for safety in different direction back to the station located on NPA road, Ebute Ipakodo.
Aggrieved by the sad occurrence, the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Command, Mohammed Ari was said to direct the Divisional Police Officer, CSP. Adigun Salami to match the affected Policemen to the command's headquarters for necessary disciplinary action.
The police public relations officer SP. Chike Oti confirmed the incident via a press release.
Telling their own side of the story, Oti said, ” The Lagos State Police Command notes with regret the unfortunate burning of a police patrol van stationed at a black spot in Ibeshe, Ipakodo area of Ikorodu, Lagos state by irate motorcyclists popularly called okada riders on 30th May, 2018, at about 10.45am.
“The incident was occasioned by an encounter between policemen manning the black spot and an okada man plying the routes way beyond Lagos state approved time of 10pm.
“As he approached the police pin down point, the police team observed that he was carrying a passenger with a big bag placed between him and the rider an so they flagged him down but instead of obeying the police hand signal, the okada man increased his speed in order to evade police scrutiny. Sadly, he ended up in a ditch and passed on. Meanwhile his associate with the suspicious bag vanished into the thin air.
“However, on Wednesday at about 10am, Okada riders sympathetic to their late colleague, mobilised in their thousands and attempted to burn the Ibeshe Police Post. They were resisted. So they moved and found a softer target which was a police van stationed at a known black spot in Ibeshe and set it ablaze.
“In view of this incident, the police authorities in Lagos state wishes to warn all those with the penchant to burn, destroy or loot its property/armoury, that henceforth the Command will be compelled to use all lawful means including the use of firearms to protect such properties and defend its petsonnel.
“The police in Lagos will no longer standby and watch hoodlums destroy government property worth millions of Naira for whatever reason. Any group of persons with complaints against the police action, must toe the civilised option of registering their complaints with the police authorities for appropriate action.”
He also really that the Lagos Commissioner of Police, CP Imohimi Edgal had directed that the 63 okada riders arrested for burning the police vehicle should be charge to court for arson.
He noted that Edgal had also directed the OC Legal to file a motion to a court of competent jurisdiction to surcharge the suspects for the purchase of another police patrol vehicle.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ross McCormack could feature for Aston Villa's U23s when they take on Albion at the Banks' Stadium tonight.
The 30-year-old has slipped down the pecking order at Villa and has been linked with a move away this summer.
McCormack has yet to feature for the first-team this term and didn't even get a run-out against Colchester United in the Carabao Cup.
He had been nursing an minor injury earlier in the month but is now fit and available for selection.
Boss Steve Bruce fell out with McCormack last season which led to his unsuccessful loan move to Nottingham Forest.
He insists the Scot hasn't been a problem this summer, though.
“McCormack is still here and he's training after picking up an injury," said Bruce.
“He could be involved in the game on Monday night (tonight)
“He's trained and hasn't showed any problems.”
Villa's U23's take on their local rivals in the season opener.
Fellow forwards Keinan Davis and Rushian Hepburn-Murphy could also feature, although they are under consideration for the first-team's trip to Reading tomorrow.
The famous — and snazzily dressed — swing and blues band Big Bad Voodoo Daddy will return to the Fred Kavli Theatre, in the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza, at 7 p.m. Friday to play a benefit concert for Big Brothers Big Sisters of Ventura County.
They'll be performing, among other hits, classic numbers from their latest album, How Big Can You Get? A Tribute to Cab Calloway. These will include 1940s hits such as “Calloway Boogie,” “The Jumpin' Jive” and “Hey Now, Hey Now.”
Local favorites Amanda Ply and Teardrop Garage will open the show.
Big Bad Voodoo Daddy was originally formed in 1989 in Ventura by leader Scotty Morris. They had their name before they existed. Morris went to a concert by blues legend Albert Collins and approached Collins after the show with a request to sign his poster.
“He signed (it) ‘To Scotty, the big bad voodoo daddy,'” Morris said. “I thought it was the coolest name I ever heard on one of the coolest musical nights I ever had. So when it came time to name this band, I didn't really have a choice. I felt like it was handed down to me.”
Morris (lead vocals and guitar) and Kurt Sodergren (lead vocals and guitar) were the original members, picking up Dirk Shumaker (double bass and vocals), Andy Rowley (baritone saxophone and vocals), Glen “The Kid” Marhevka (trumpet), Karl Hunter (saxophones and clarinet) and Joshua Levy (piano, arranger) as they went along.
They settled on the swing of the 1940s and 1950s, playing clubs and lounges in their early years. Their big break came in 1996, when three of their songs were used on the soundtrack of Jon Favreau's film, Swingers.
Tickets to Friday's Big Bad Voodoo Daddy show are $79, $64 and $44, and can be obtained through the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza Box Office at 805.449.2787.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Time flies when you're having fun — or on a deadline to save the world — and that's true on “24: Legacy.” Deco's chief clock watcher, Chris Van Vliet, is here with a look at Monday night's finale.
So far, “24: Legacy” has taken viewers on a major roller coaster ride, but just wait until the finale. As the clock ticks down to the final hour, the cast says the series finale has some big surprises.
Gerald McRaney (as Henry Donovan): “I will pay for what I've done.”
Anna Diop: “The twists and the turns in it are so unexpected, and the things that happen are impossible to imagine.”
Ashley Thomas: “At the end, even at the end there's stuff that is totally unexpected.”
Unexpected seems to be the theme here, but we want to know the same thing you want to know: What happens in the end?
Carlos Bernard: “My last scene in this series is a great way to end the run on this show. I'm not saying anything, (laughs) You can read in anything you want.”
Dan Bucatinsky: “I'm just gonna say that there are twists and turns that happen to even my character that I never would have predicted.”
Star Anna Diop says the final few days of filming were really emotional.
Anna Diop: “Insane. I cried. It was, what can I say about the finale. It's unexpected, it's terrifying, and it's heartbreaking.”
And Carlos Bernard, who was in the original “24,” says being part of the reboot has been a gift.
Carlos Bernard: “Any actor who is working in the business is lucky, lucky to be working, but to have the material written for me, to be able to play this character and have it written for me, is just a blessing and unbelievable.”
The clock ticks down its final moments Monday night, starting at 8 p.m., right after Deco.
But will the clock keep ticking on the show? Fans love it, but FOX still hasn't announced if “24: Legacy” will be back for season 2.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: hego lgnace
2017-01-02
File photo
4syteTV celebrated unique Ghanaian talents at the 2016 MTN 4syte Music Video Awards.
The event which was held at the Accra International Conference Centre was hosted by Ghanaian Comedian DKB and ace TV/Radio personality Jay Foley.
Dancehall Sensation Stonebwoy beat the likes of D Cryme, Edem, VVIP and others to win the Overall Video of the year while Shatta Wale took home the most prestigious award of the night, Most Influential Artist of the Year.
Other big winners on the night include, Edem, Guru, D-Black, VVIP and more. AMG's young act Medikal delivered a show-stopping performance with his significant other Sister Deborah before going on to win the Discovery of the year Award.
The event which happens to be the 8th edition also witnessed performances from Guru, Shatta Wale, Becca, Ras Kuuku, D Cryme, Samini and more.
Check out the full list of MTN 4syte Music Video Awards 2016 Winners below.
BEST COLLABORATION
Akwaboah ft. Ice Prince – I Do Love you
Guru ft. Singlet – Samba
Jupitar ft. Patoranking – Enemies Rmx
Trigmatic ft. Stonebwoy – Gbedu
Keche ft. Edem – Monica
VVIP ft. Samini – Dogo Yaro
Dr Cryme ft. Sarkodie – Koko Sakora
Eugy ft. Mr Eazi – Dance For Me
Criss Waddle ft. Stonebwoy – Bie Gya
(WINNER)
Stonebwoy ft. Kranium – Talk To Me
BEST GROUP VIDEO
VVIP – Alhaji
(WINNER)
Keche – Monica
Ruff n Smooth – Shabba
4×4 – Tantalizing
C2C – Property
Footprintz – Tell Me Something
BEST REGGAE/DANCEHALL VIDEO
Episode – Ghetto Anthem
Rudebwoy Ranking – Dont Cry
Stonebwoy – People Dey
Shatta Wale – Kakai
(WINNER)
Samini – Bubble It
Jupitar ft. Patoranking – Enemies Rmx
Eazzy ft. Stonebwoy – Na Na
BEST STORY LINE VIDEO
Shatta Wale – Kakai
Stonebwoy – Mightylele
Dark Suburb – Igo Be
Jayso ft. Sarkodie – Little Monsters
Okyeame Kwame – Small Small
(WINNER)
Trigmatic – Gye Nyame
MOST POPULAR VIDEO
Shatta Wale – Chop Kiss
Stonebwoy – Mightylele
Criss Waddle – Bie Gya
VVIP – Dogo Yaro
EL – Koko
Joey B – You x Me
Atom – Ye Wo Krom
Dr Cryme – Koko Sakaro
BEST DIRECTED VIDEO
Edem – Nyedzilo
VVIP – Dogo Yaro
(WINNER)
Stonebwoy – Mightylele
Guru – Samba
Criss Waddle – Bie Gya
Mz Vee – Hold Me Now
Itz Tiffany – Give Them
M.anifest – Wani Aba
Shatta Wale – Kakai
Bisa Kdei – Semina
BEST CHOREOGRAPHY
Eugy x Mr Eazi – Dance For Me
Edem – Nyedzilo
Tiffany – Give Them
VVIP – Dogo Yaro
Eazzy – Kpakposhito
4×4 – Atongo
Ruff n Smooth – Shabba
Guru – Samba
(WINNER)
BEST HIPLIFE VIDEO
Guru – Samba
Okyeame Kwame – Hallelujah
Keche – Monica
4×4 – Aunty Dede
Ruff n Smooth – Shabba
Dr Cryme – Koko Sakora
(WINNER)
D Black – Kotomoshi
BEST EDITED VIDEO
Edem – Nyedzilo
Guru – Samba
(WINNER)
VVIP – Dogo Yaro
Stonebwoy – Mightylele
Okyeame Kwame – Small Small
Kwaw Kese – Rough
BEST PHOTOGRAPHY VIDEO
Edem – Nyedzilo (WINNER)
D Black – Kotomoshi
Bisa Kdei – Semina
Adina Th3mbi – Coastal Vibes
Dr Cryme – Koko Sakora
Stonebwoy – Talk To Me
VVIP – Dogo Yaro
BEST MALE VIDEO
EL – Koko
Dblack – Kotomoshi
(WINNER)
Stonebwoy – Mightylele
Shatta Wale – Chop Kiss
Joey B – You x Me
Bisa Kdei – Jwe
BEST SPECIAL EFFECTS
Edem – Nyedzilo
M.anifest – Wani Aba (WINNER)
Tinny – Who's the Best Rapper
Feli Nuna – I like Am
4×4 – Atongo
Jayso – Little Monsters
BEST DISCOVERY VIDEO
Medikal – Anthem
(WINNER)
Petrah – Baby
Ebony – Kupe
Feli Nuna – I Like Am
LJ – Bow Tie
OB – I Dey Like Am
BEST HILIFE VIDEO
Akwaboah – I Do Love You
Becca – Beshiwo
(WINNER)
Bisa Kdei – Semina
Kwabena Kwabena – Tuamuda
Sarkodie – Bra
Just Ice – Hope and Pray
Nana Boroo – Kotofa
BEST FEMALE
Becca – Hwe
Itz Tiffany – Give Them
Ebony – Kupe
Mz Vee – Hold Me Now
Eazzy – Na Na
(WINNER)
Sister Deborah – Ghana Jollof
Feli Nuna – I Like Am
BEST HIPHOP VIDEO
Sarkodie – Bossy
Medikal – Anthem
Dr Cryme – Rise
Pappy Kojo – Awoa
EL – Portay Dey Bee
Omar Sterling – Bob Marley
(WINNER)
Gemini – Gangster Die
Tinny – Who's the Best Rapper
BEST AFRICAN ACT
Wizkid – Baba Nla
Tekno – Duro
Diamond Platnumz – Kidogo
Patoranking – No Kissing Baby
AKA – Make Me Sing
(WINNER)
Mr Eazi – Skin Tight
Phyno – Fada Fada
MOST INFLUENTIAL ARTIST
Sarkodie
D-Black
Shatta Wale
(WINNER)
Wiyaala
EL
M.anifest
Stonebwoy
VVIP
BEST GOSPEL VIDEO
Ohema Mercy – Aseda
Kojo Bentil – Father forgive us
Nacee – Yewo Nyame a Yewo
Mc Clef – Kokroko
NeroX – Hosanna
OJ – Onipa Hia Mmoa (WINNER)
Diana Hamilton – Yehowa Behwe
Trinity Cross – Lord I love you
OVERALL VIDEO OF THE YEAR
Edem – Nyedzilo
Stonebwoy – Mightlele (WINNER)
Shatta Wale – Kakai
D Cryme – Koko Sakora
VVIP – Dogo Yaro
One special thing that beats the imagination of audience was the perfect stage design and lighting of the Accra International Conference Center which is by far the best among all events held in the country this year.
Earlier today, the AP ran a story about how the Pentagon would “allow” transgender individuals to serve in the military, in opposition to President Trump‘s directives on the issue:
BREAKING: Pentagon says it will allow transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite Trump's opposition. — The Associated Press (@AP) December 11, 2017
The headline was incredibly misleading at best, and many others re-reported the AP's story, including Time Magazine and The Chicago Tribune. In reality, a judge simply ordered the Pentagon to comply with her prior judgment to halt the ban:
The Trump administration must accept transgender recruits into the military by Jan. 1, a federal judge ruled Monday. The decision prevents a ban on enlisting new transgender troops that the administration had sought to implement after an earlier injunction against the president's order. “The court will not stay its preliminary injunction pending defendants' appeal,” Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia wrote Monday.
Amazingly, even The Hill and The Washington Post managed to get this one right, while the AP merely threw up a catchy headline to fish for clicks. Take note, The Hill is a very liberal and very anti-Trump political news website, and Free Market Shooter has previously exposed WaPo for changing headlines to make Trump look bad.
Even though The Hill and WaPo refused to run a click-bait headline, they still made a major omission in their reporting; today's “ruling” was nothing more than a denial of a request by the Trump administration to delay a judge's order blocking Trump's decision to bar transgender military service:
A federal judge on Monday halted President Trump's move to oust transgender service members from the military, saying those troops qualify as a protected class and rejecting Mr. Trump's claim that his national security decisions shouldn't be questioned. The ruling by Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly breaks new legal ground for courts in Washington, D.C., finding that transgender status is a “quasi-suspect” legal category deserving of heightened protections by federal courts. She said Mr. Trump's policy creates an “inherent inequality” that likely violates the Constitution.
Wait, the Pentagon just overruled the commander-in-chief? https://t.co/Dei7YsoIYk — David Frum (@davidfrum) December 11, 2017
No. A single district court judge did, while citing declarations from Obama-era political appointees in her ruling. Hence why that headline is so irresponsible. https://t.co/pxkcRyczsp — James Hasson (@JamesHasson20) December 11, 2017
Notably, Kollar-Kotelly has been accused of abusing her authority to help Bill and Hillary Clinton on multiple different instances:
A former U.S. Department of Justice attorney who has sued Bill and Hillary Clinton multiple times urged the U.S. Supreme Court to disqualify D.C. Circuit Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly from hearing his pending cases and to vacate her orders, saying she abused her power in two suits because of her relationship with the Clintons.
James Hasson of The Federalist explained why Kollar-Kotelly's initial ruling in October was so important almost two weeks ago:
Kollar-Kotelly pointedly ignored that the generals in charge of the Army and Air Force asked Defense Secretary Mattis last June to delay the Obama-era transgender policy for two years, and that Mattis granted the generals a six-month delay in transgender enlistments so the services could evaluate the policy's impact on “readiness and lethality.” The generals' actions, in and of themselves, demonstrate concern over the possible negative impact of the policy. No matter. The judge prioritized her own assessment over the determinations of current military leaders and our commander-in-chief. If individual judges can unilaterally halt military personnel policies based on suspect and inventive constitutional interpretation, what other military policies can they unilaterally block or modify? The military has separate physical fitness requirements for male and female service members, for example. Can a district court decide that policy violates the Equal Protection Clause because it fails to create a separate test for a third category of soldiers—those who are gender non-conforming?
The AP was content to use a sensationalist click-bait headline to entice people into believing that the military has actually taken the step of going around directives issued by Trump, when in fact the military has been forced to comply with a judge's affirmation of her own suspect ruling.
If mainstream media wants to salvage its reputation, they'll need to start by reporting the news, and not publishing misleading stories for clicks.
From left: Rakesh Agarwal, Sonu Sood and Deepak Mirchandani at a press conference for Red Fly Events Bheege Chunariya at JW Marriott Marquis.
Bollywood actors Hrithik Roshan, Sonu Sood, musicians Vishal-Shekhar and rapper Badshah will be in Dubai to celebrate Holi with their fans at an event called Bheege Chunariya at Autism Rocks Arena on March 17.
“Holi is one of the most fun festivals we have... I still remember celebrating Holi with friends and just loving the experience. When you are in a place like Dubai, those away from home will cherish such an event even more,” said Sood in an interview with Gulf News tabloid!.
Catch Indian actor Sonu Sood at a press conference announcing the holi event 'Bheegey Chunariya 2017' on March 17.
Holi is the Indian festival of colours. The event will also give the Kung Fu Yoga star a chance to re-unite with Roshan, his co-star from Jodhaa Akbar. “It will be a great re-union with him and I worked with Vishal-Shekhar during Happy New Year,” said Sood.
The actor is flying high from the success of Jackie Chan film Kung Fu Yoga.
“It's done so remarkably well that we are planning its sequel,” said Sood, adding that Dubai could be featured again in the second part.
Ticket prices for the Holi event are yet to be announced.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading FC kept up the pressure on the top two in the Championship after a superb 3-2 victory over Brentford on Tuesday night.
Jaap Stam's side came back from being 2-1 down to defeat the Bees at Madejski Stadium.
The result sees Royals further cement their top-six place and they now lie just six points off league leaders Newcastle United.
The win was Reading's fourth in six league matches and they now have a nine point gap separating themselves from seventh placed Norwich City.
Goals from John Swift, Danny Williams and Roy Beerens sealed the win and Reading now have a week until their next game - away at fellow promotion contenders Huddersfield Town.
Here are five things we learned from the comeback win over Brentford.
Stam got his tactics spot on
The Reading manager once again managed to successfully outwit the opposition.
After a bright start, Royals faded after their goal, and it wasn't until they were 2-1 down that they really got going again.
Stam saw the problem and acted swiftly to address it.
His triple substitution - bringing on Yann Kermorgant, George Evans and Roy Beerens - had a positive impact on Royals' play and led them to the win.
All three influenced the play and saw Royals mount a stunning fightback. Kermorgant played a significant role in the team's final two goals, Beerens netted the winner and Evans provided extra cover in defence late on.
You could argue Stam's tactics got Royals into a losing position in the first place, but the Dutchman's ability to recognise the threat and act on it should be praised.
The Championship is so competitive
Brentford were more than a match for Reading. How they are only 15th in the Championship table is quite remarkable.
For around an hour, they were the better side and could have had more than just a 2-1 lead.
The attacking quartet of Nico Yennaris, Lasse Vibe, Jota and Sergi Canos had Royals at sixes and sevens on a number of occasions.
Florian Jozefzoon had an impact too after coming on, and could have netted an equaliser but his dragged shot somehow tricked along the goalline and away to safety.
Credit must be given to the Bees for giving it a real go at the Mad Stad, and the fact they beat Royals 4-1 in the reverse fixture shows they are no mugs.
Yet again, however, it comes down to fine margins and it just shows how competitive the league is.
Is Valentine's Day really more important?
(Photo: Reading FC twitter (@ReadingFC))
The crowd for the Brentford game was under 16,000 - with more than 1,500 of those made up of Brentford, according to the official attendance figures.
That's still well under capacity and for a team flying high in the league and continuing to exceed expectations, it is a rather disappointing figure.
It begs the question is Valentine's Day important?
For some, it appeared so, although the club have since made up to the fan who had to turn down watching his club for his 'better half.'
But maybe it genuinely was the case for a lot of fans...
Royals' never-say-die attitude shows no sign of waning
This was a game where Reading's mentality shone through.
The never-say-die attitude, the ability to keep going and persevere until you get what you want is a trait Stam has instilled in the team.
And it was perfectly demonstrated again here.
The belief of getting the two goals to turn the game around, and the ability to see out the game in the closing stages is something to be admired.
It happened in the turnaround at Ashton Gate at Bristol City when they won 3-2 and to a slightly lesser extent, at Portman Road when they rallied to draw 2-2.
It's a valuable trait to have and long may it continue.
Defence still a concern
As has been alluded to, the game could easily have swung in Brentford's favour.
Royals should be praised for staying strong, but the Bees had more than enough chances to win the game.
On another day we would be bemoaning Reading's fragility at the back.
It's no secret the loss of Paul McShane is a blow, not just for his defensive ability but his organisational qualities at the back.
The defender is set to return soon, which will be timely given the fact there are some big games coming up.
The defensive issue is not a new one, Royals have blown very hot and cold throughout the season and for as long as they look a threat going forward then it is less of a worry.
Nevertheless, it leaves the management team with plenty to work on going forward.
Don't forget you can keep up to date with the latest Royals action via the free getreading app.
You can even set it to receive push notifications for all the breaking Reading FC news.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here .
Cincinnati blew a 22-point lead in Sunday's loss to Nevada. Understandably, emotions were running high after the game — that included Bearcats coach Mick Cronin.
After Cronin had discussed the big picture of the loss — he mentioned that his uncle is fighting cancer — Fox 19 reporter Jeremy Rauch asked Cronin if this was a loss that would keep him awake at night.
Cronin did not appreciate that line of questioning and had an agitated response for the reporter.
Unhappy Mick Cronin when I asked if a loss like this would keep him awake at night: "You come up with that question by yourself? Are you kidding me?" #Bearcats @fox19 pic.twitter.com/LGoQQUSty8 — Jeremy Rauch (@FOX19Jeremy) March 19, 2018
The exchange went as follows:
Rauch: Is it something that keeps you awake? How long does it bother you?
Cronin: I didn't go to sleep yet. Did you come up with that question by yourself?
Rauch: I mean, after tonight …
Cronin: Keep me awake? I'm standing here. You call me tomorrow, and I'll tell you if it keeps me awake tonight. I answered your question. You asked me if it kept me awake. I haven't been asleep yet. C'mon, man. Are you kidding me?
Rauch said he spoke with Cronin on Monday to apologize for how the exchange went.
A new direction for the Nevada County Economic Resource Council as they shift leadership strategies for 2018. The first order of business at today's meeting was to explain the new leadership model. Board Chair, Jason Fouyer, announced that instead of filling the vacant Executive Director position, the ERC would be using consultants to lead the work on specific projects.
ERC treasurer, Tim Corkins, expanded on Fouyer's announcement.
ERC Treasurer Tim Corkins
More than half of the ERC revenue comes from an annual contract with the Nevada County Board of Supervisors. Corkins broke down the county contract to show the money being split for consultants to manage specific initiatives, such as the NC Tech Connection
ERC Treasurer Tim Corkins
Funds from the contract are also going towards local business asssitance, an online tourism presence, and membership in the Greater Sacramento Economic Development Council.
Also at Thursday's meeting, ERC treasurer, Tim Corkins, presented the annual budget of 221 thousand dollars.
More than half of the ERC revenue comes from a annual contract with the Nevada County Board of Supervisors.
ERC Treasurer Tim Corkins
The remaining 30 thousand dollars comes from small contracts with the cities of Grass Valley and Nevada City as well as Nevada Irrigation District and PG and E. Money is raised from an annual economic summit hosted by the ERC.
ERC funds go towards business recruitment, local business asssitance, an online tourism presence, and membership in the Greater Sacramento Economic Development Council.
Fouyer pointed out that prior to the reorganization, the ERC Executive Director was reponsible for all initiatives. In the new structure, the consultants for each initiative will report directly to the board.
————–
Greater Santa Barbara Lodging & Restaurant Association says it invites only 'viable' hopefuls based on their ability to fundraise
After a slew of public forums with all 10 candidates for Santa Barbara City Council, the Greater Santa Barbara Lodging & Restaurant Association hosted a forum and luncheon on Wednesday with only seven of the candidates.
In the past, the industry group has included only “viable” candidates based on their ability to fundraise, given the limited amount of time to interact with the attendees, according to board member Jason McCarthy.
“I think it was our best yet,” he said.
Candidates Sebastian Aldana, Cruzito Cruz and Jerry Matteo were not invited.
The event sold out and covered issues specific to tourism and the business industry, which pushed many of the candidates out of their comfort zones and delved into topics not covered at previous forums, he said.
Cruz was upset by his exclusion, telling Noozhawk that it was an important forum because of the city's dependence on tourists for revenue — and that he went to the forum anyway.
He apparently confronted organizers and made his disappointment known, but then was asked to leave, according to Cruz.
The seven candidates in attendance were Sharon Byrne, Iya Falcone, Dale Francisco, Cathy Murillo, Randy Rowse, Deborah Schwartz and Michael Self.
Pre-election campaign finance documents are due to be filed next week, which will publicize the candidates' fundraising to date.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
March madness is here! Experts said for this past Super Bowl, people bet $138.5 million, just in Nevada. For March Madness, they say we can expect two and a half more times than that!
“One of the biggest betting weeks and events of the year here in the state of Nevada, especially here in Las Vegas and the South Point now with the addition of VSIN, it's pretty much the epicenter of sports betting here in North America,” Sports Book Director for Gaughan Gaming Vincent Magliulo said.
Vegas Stats and Information Network provides news and analysis on gambling, providing yet another option for local gamblers looking to get a leg up on the competition.
“I see no end in sight, I see that the excitement center which is the race and sports book, here at the South Point for instance, will continue to grow. People love the social aspect of it. The entertainment value of it,” Magliulo said.
"Whether you're rooting for Villanova, who's the overall number one seed, or maybe even South Carolina, who does have a home game in their first round, it doesn't matter! There's something for everybody, and again, the entertainment and social value of it is matched nowhere else,” Magliulo said.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The number of Birmingham children deemed to be at risk of abuse in their own homes has been revealed.
Birmingham City Council has had to intervene in hundreds of families to try to keep children safe from neglect and sexual, physical and emotional abuse.
Latest figures from the Department for Education show there were 755 cases where a child in Birmingham was put on a protection plan due to neglect over the course of 2016-17.
(Image: Jon Challicom/ChildLine/PA Wire)
And 566 plans were started for Birmingham children believed to be suffering emotional abuse.
A further 206 plans were set up for children enduring physical abuse.
And 91 were arranged due to potential, or actual, sexual abuse.
This happens when the council has reasonable cause to suspect that a child is suffering or is likely to suffer from sexual abuse, and is taking steps to keep that child safe.
These steps might include regular visits from a social worker, home help or other services such as a place in a nursery.
Birmingham Mail Christmas campaign with the NSPCC One in four children who call Childline can't get through due to demand on the service. That's why we've launched a campaign to try to help Childline be there for every young person who desperately needs support. A £4 text donation can help a counsellor answer a child's call. And it may save their lives. Please spare a thought for children in need in Birmingham as you enjoy the run up to Christmas. Donate £4 by texting ‘NSPCC 4' to 70030 or visiting nspcc.org.uk/mail To donate £12, text ‘NSPCC 12' or to donate £20, text ‘NSPCC 20' to 70030. Text costs include your donation plus your standard network rate. The NSPCC will receive 100 per cent of your donation. Thank you
In total, it means there were 56 child protection plans started last year for every 10,000 children in Birmingham.
Across the country, children were put under protection plans on 66,410 occasions in the last year – again 56 times for every 10,000 children, which means the number of cases in Birmingham is the same as the national average.
To see how your area compares, type your postcode into this link to view the figures for your local authority.
The Birmingham Mail has teamed up with the NSPCC to launch its Light Up Christmas for Children campaign, to try to ensure Childline counsellors are able to answer every call that comes through the city's call centre in Edgbaston.
Currently the NSPCC-run service only has the resources to respond to three in every four contacts, meaning some young people may not be getting through and receiving the support and advice they so desperately need.
Please help Childline be there for every young person who desperately needs support.
Donate £4 by texting ‘NSPCC 4' to 70030 or visiting nspcc.org.uk/mail
To donate £12, text ‘NSPCC 12' or to donate £20, text ‘NSPCC 20' to 70030.
Text costs include your donation plus your standard network rate. The NSPCC will receive 100 per cent of your donation.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
India launches world record 104 satellites on a single rocket
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Chioma Onuegbu
Uyo — COMMUNITY leaders of Ikot Akpan Udo in Ikot Abasi Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, yesterday, raised the alarm over renewed attacks on them by youths of the neighbouring Amazaba villages in Eastern Obolo Local Government Area of the state.
It was gathered that the youths of Amazaba had stormed the river bank of Ikot Akpan Udo community, Monday afternoon, shooting sporadically in the air.
Sources from the area said the Amazaba youths retreated on noticing that Ikot Akpan Udo youths were already on alert.
The youth leader of Ikot Akpan Udo, Mr. Godswill Benson, who confirmed the incident to Vanguard, yesterday, said the Amazaba youths failed in their planned attack because they might have been tipped off that Ikot Akpan Udo youths were at alert.
Benson said the youths were always careful to ensure that the killings and destruction of their community witnessed few years ago when Amazaba people took them unawares did not happen again.
Benson said: “We started noticing the presence of Amazaba youths in the morning of Monday and we decided to remain calm and prepared in case they crossed the water to attack. But between 1p.m. and 2 p.m., they started shooting sporadically in the air just around the river bank side.”
“But we observed that after sometime they left. And we saw that they came in two speed boats. And when we heard the shooting, what we did was to make sure that our people remained calm because some people were already afraid and with the tension, some could run to the direction of the shooting and get harmed in an attempt to flee for safety.”
Also reacting, former youth leader of Ette Clan, Mr. Ubong Essien said: “They have been making such effort for some time now but they have not been able to penetrate Ikot Akpan Udo because the youths are very strong warriors.”
However, the village head of Ikot Akpan Udo Eteidung, Oscar Abel could not be reached at press time as his telephone line was unavailable.
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Police are searching for the person behind a robbery at a Chase bank in Southwest Miami-Dade.
The FBI released surveillance photos of the suspect who struck the Chase near Southwest 87th Avenue and Sunset Drive, Monday.
The suspect was seen wearing a bright yellow shirt and a backwards baseball cap when he approached a teller and demanded cash.
No injuries were reported.
If you have any information on this crime, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TORONTO — Police say they're looking for a suspect after two 11-year-old girls were allegedly sexually assaulted in a Toronto convenience store.
The two girls were in the store last Friday afternoon and it's alleged they were approached by a man who sexually assaulted both of them.
Police say they're seeking the public's help in identifying the suspect and have released security camera images.
The man is described as 30 years old, clean-shaven, with short brown hair.
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs Pause
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
3:38 Pete Carroll was "in outer space" pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
2:38 Chehalis auto repair shop embraces cutting-edge technologies
1:33 Hands On Children's Museum rings in the new year
1:06 Washington coach Lorenzo Romar reflects on loss to Washington State
2:19 Highlights: Timberline turns up defense, routs Emerald Ridge 62-41
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
0:23 Lacey couple catches package thief on video
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Uber is introducing in-app tipping for the first time, as well as stricter rules on cancelling car requests and new charges for users who keep drivers waiting.
From Tuesday, an option to tip drivers will appear in the Uber smartphone app and will also apply to the firm's food delivery service, UberEATS.
The firm's UK regional general manager Jo Bertram said the decision to introduce tipping had come after consultation with the firm's drivers.
Uber also confirmed that from August 22, new waiting time charges will apply to users who keep drivers waiting at the start of a journey.
Ms Bertram said: "Drivers' time is valuable and every minute spent waiting for a rider means less time driving and making money.
"That's why - from two minutes after the driver arrives at the pick-up point - riders will pay 20p for every further minute they keep their driver waiting."
The charge may be higher than 20p a minute for users of the more premium XL, EXEC and LUX Uber car services, the company said.
(Image: Laura Dale/PA Wire)
Uber has also cut the cancellation time window for users, with those who have been allocated a car now eligible to pay a fee for cancelling a journey request after just two minutes, down from five minutes currently.
"Following feedback we feel this is too long as drivers are well on their way to the pick-up point and have already invested time and fuel," Ms Bertram said
"That's why we're reducing the rider cancellation time so if a rider cancels two minutes after being allocated a car they will now pay the cancellation fee - though this won't apply if a driver is running five minutes behind the original ETA."
Uber has previously come under scrutiny over the employment status of its drivers, with questions raised over whether they are self-employed or workers for the company.
A recent government report into workers' rights in the so-called 'gig economy' of which Uber is a part said a new "dependent contractor" category of worker should be created to better protect those working in the sector.
Uber said these latest changes showed it was listening it to its drivers.
"Over the last 12 months we've hosted hundreds of events and spoken to thousands of drivers on the phone, in the office and at roundtable discussions," Ms Bertram added.
"While drivers have told us they love the freedom of being their own boss, we've also clearly heard that we need to make improvements.
"As a direct result of this feedback we have already made a number of big changes. In February we announced a series of initiatives to help drivers make the most out of using the app and two months later we invested in discounted illness and injury cover with IPSE for drivers who want it."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The range of updates to the Uber app will also include a new 'No thanks' button for drivers to deny trip requests - which Uber says will also reduce waiting times for users as their journey requests will now be passed on to another driver faster.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Jose Mourinho insists dropping Paul Pogba to the bench for Manchester United's victory over Huddersfield was not a punishment. It had been suggested that Mourinho was not happy with the Frenchman's performance against Tottenham but the Portuguese tactician insists that was not the case.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Christmas binge spurs New Year boost for gyms
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Both weighing less than a bag of sugar, tiny Walsall twins Iris and Marie Cooper were “not expected to survive the night” following their complex birth at just 28 weeks.
Now, fast-forward eight decades, the two loveable sisters are “thriving and living life to its fullest” following their surprise 80th birthday celebrations on Saturday (March 16).
Eighty years ago in 1938, nurses at Bloxwich Maternity Home were not prepared to give up on the little twosome and did everything they could to keep them warm.
Grandaughter Megan Cox explains: “Staff there wrapped them in outfits made of cotton wool and placed them in a box with a hot water bottle. Iris weighed 2lb 10oz and Marie even less.
“The matron of the home would check on them each morning and announce: ‘They are still with us!'
“So tiny were the girls that they had to be fed their milk drop-by-drop from a pipette. Being fed normally would have been too much for the tiny babies.”
The premature pair, meanwhile, were finally released from hospital at five-and-a-half months old.
Sisters Iris Hickman and Marie Hornblower both had successful jobs, married and had five children; 14 grandchildren and one great-grandchild.
“Iris now resides in Caerphilly, Wales,” added Megan, “but Marie still lives in Pelsall.”
On Saturday, Iris and Marie were guests to their own surprise 80th birthday party with as many of their close family members as possible in attendance.
“It was a great celebration of these two ladies' lives so far,” Megan continued, “lives which overcame the odds from the moment they were born.”
Tupac's murder continues to be a topic of conversation almost 22 years after his passing. With new information uncovered regarding who did the crime, LVPD is being asked to get on their job.
This year USA Network's Unsolved: The Murders Of Tupac And The Notorious B.I.G. detailed the hits of these two Rap legends giving more insight into what led up to their respective demises.
The series put a spotlight on Duane Keith Davis and his role in the murder of Shakur. “Keffe D” is to have driven the white Cadillac which pulled up on the Deathrow Records entourage on the Las Vegas strip and fired shots killing the “I Get Around” Rapper.
BET got even more access to Davis with their Deathrow Chronicles and got him to confirm himself as an accessory to murder. “I was a Compton kingpin, drug dealer, I'm the only one alive who can really tell you story about the Tupac killing. People have been pursuing me for 20 years, I'm coming out now because I have cancer. And I have nothing else to lose. All I care about now is the truth” he revealed.
Keffe is the uncle to Orlando Anderson, the Crip gang member who Tupac infamously beat up at the MGM Grand Casino hours prior to his killing. In a taped confession to police recorded in the 90's, Davis admitted that Anderson, AKA Baby Lane, did fire the shots that mortally wounded Shakur.
With this news a petition on Change.org has been started calling for Las Vegas authorities to investigate the lead.
SIGN THE PETITION calling on @LVMPD to officially CLEAR the Tupac murder case in light of recent statements made by Duane "Keffe D" Davis on @BET's @DeathRowBET series, combined with his past statements on the case: https://t.co/226o0zIcrM — Murder Rap Movie (@MurderRapMovie) May 3, 2018
Unfortunately, Davis' admission of guilt granted him immunity from persecution. This confession, Sean “Diddy” Combs alleged involvement and who really killed The Notorious B.I.G. are revealed in Murder Rap, a book turned movie by former LAPD investigator Greg Kading.
Via WJLA
—
Photo: WENN
Tupac Murder Confession Sparks Calls For Las Vegas Police To Reopen Case was originally published on hiphopwired.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Hina On NOT Repeating Clothes On Bigg Boss
Hina says that it was conscious decision to not repeat clothes. She was quoted by News18 as saying, "It wasn't about nightwear, it was about wearing different clothes. I don't know what went in to my mind and I decided I don't want to repeat things in Bigg Boss. I did my bit and it kind of worked out for me. It was a wise decision to do what I did."
Hina Says…
When asked whether there was any reason for deciding the same, she said, "A lot of people tell me that I've this La La Land where I live. I want to live the way I want to, I want to dress up the way I want to. So it just came in my mind that I'm not repeating clothes, so I'm not repeating clothes."
Vikas Called Her Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham's Pooh (Kareena Kapoor)
Hina even says, "Vikas used to call me Pooh sometimes, you're like one Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham ki Pooh (Kareena Kapoor) - repeat nahi karungi clothes."
Hina On Khatron Ke Khiladi
Hina feels Bigg Boss game her a chance to show my fashion side. She was quoted by the entertainment portal as saying, "First Khatron, but Khatron was more of a sporty kind of show."
Bigg Boss Gave Her A Chance To Show Her Fashion Side
"Most of the time we used to wear sporty clothes. But Bigg Boss for that matter gave me a bigger platform where I could show people that we can look different, dress differently and it can look good on us."
Bigg Boss Is Not Scripted!
Hina also clarified that Bigg Boss is not scripted. She was quoted by IANS as saying, "Bigg Boss is not at all a scripted show, but a very well-edited show. It's a brilliantly edited show. You see something, you react so whosoever said whatever... I don't blame anyone..."
By Pratik Gupta, Special to Gulf News
In the world of online shopping, returns are a crucial part of the customer experience as well as the financial model of the e-commerce company.
The existence of a returns policy is the single biggest factor for converting a doubtful first-time customer into an online shopper. That's the reason it's a boon for the customer as well as the business. It makes the customer relaxed and ready to try.
When the customer visits the online shop knowing there is nothing to lose, they get pleasantly surprised to see hundreds of thousands of product options, home delivered and usually at better prices than offline.
For the online business, returns give a huge push to sales. While it does hurt margins if the boost to sales is good enough, the absolute profit only increases. It is important for the online business to make sure that the returns policy is not a dummy and doesn't have too many conditions attached. Ninety-nine per cent of customers is honest and some companies make the mistake of creating a policy for stonewalling themselves from the 1 per cent customers who tend to misuse the policy by returning too much, which harms the experience for the other customers.
Most companies ask customer to send pictures of the products, ask several questions, then wait for approvals to accept the return and then delay in refunding.
Many customers just get tired of calling the customer care and pursue their case and eventually decide to forget about the return and swear to never buy online again.
To eliminate this, we introduced a no-questions asked returns policy, which allows the customer an option to not answer any questions and not send any pictures and just execute the return without any extra approvals. It led to a spike in positive feedback on social media, a spike in sales and, surprisingly, almost negligible increase in return cases.
Of course, we have our checks and balances but we always give the benefit of doubt to the customer. So it's become quite clear to us that the majority never orders with an intention to return, but just need an assurance of a good return policy in case something goes wrong. So if the customer gets what he ordered and delivery time is good, the customer would return.
Returns can also be a bane to customer and the business. For the business, returns are a very complex and difficult animal to tame and if badly managed, it will definitely do more bad than good.
Returns in an online business can be classified into non-delivered returns (NDR) and customer-initiated returns (CIR). In a usual online business, the overall returns will be close to 15 per cent of sales with 50 per cent attributed to NDR and CIR each.
NDRs occur due to customers changing their mind because they bought the same product from elsewhere at a better price, couldn't wait any longer or simply found a more suitable style or configuration. Other reasons can be attributed more to the operations of the company, like a delay in delivery, not able to locate the address, not able to make contact with customer due to bad coordination of field executives, etc.
Top reasons for a CIR are difference in specifications like colour, style, material, etc. of the products received or manufacturing defects. The CIR and NDR-returned products enter again into the warehouse through a reverse logistics supply chain. Unopened or sealed boxes go back live on the website and the others are liquidated at very low costs to factory outlets, seconds retailers, scrap, etc. at less than 25 per cent of the original cost.
The ones that go back live on the website have to be sold at a loss due to erosion of price in the market with time. That's why returns make a huge dent on your balance-sheet if not managed properly.
It's quite clear that the online company has a lot to do to make sure returns are minimised. That's the reason e-commerce companies invest heavily in sourcing partnerships, technology, warehousing, logistics to make sure products are not only of great quality but are also accurately described on the portal and delivered quickly.
We have invested more in creating a strong technology platform, fulfilment centres, warehouses and a last-mile delivery fleet rather than giving loss-making discounts to customers. The money that we save by achieving low returns is integrated into the prices.
This makes sure our customers get the best product, price and services leading to not only higher repeat purchase but also a low return rate. This strategy has also made us reach very close to operational profit in two years, while companies are struggling even after five or 10 years in the region and globally.
To summarise, it's important for online ventures to watch out and fix their return rates before they expand. It's probably the key to make or break their customer satisfaction and financial performance.
The writer is the Co-founder of Wadi.com.
Pierre-Edouard Bellemare was not on the ice for practice Friday morning after taking a cross-check to the head during the third period of Game 1. (Photo: Sam Morris / Las Vegas News Bureau)
The Golden Knights escaped Game 1 unblemished on the scoreboard, but they did not come away unscathed on the injury report. Pierre-Edouard Bellemare was not on the ice for practice Friday morning after taking a cross-check to the head during the third period of Game 1. He did finish out the game Thursday night, but his status for Game 2 was unknown Friday.
"He's getting evaluated by our doctors and medical staff, he went there the same time we started practice," Golden Knights head coach Gerard Gallant said.
San Jose Sharks forward Evander Kane was suspended for Game 2 because of the cross-check.
"That's stuff that doesn't belong in hockey,” Golden Knights forward Jonathan Marchessault said. “But I think in the third period, the referee did a really good job to call everything and even against us, I think they did a good thing for that."
What could have been an all-out bench brawl in the third for this cross-check on Bellemare, did not happen. The teams said they will always defend their own, but also understand the importance of discipline in the postseason.
"It's one of the things that's very important in the playoffs,” Golden Knights defenseman Nate Schmidt said. “No matter how many times you hear a ref say 'We're not looking for the first one, we're looking for the second one,' those are the easy ones to call and if we make sure we continue to be composed in those situations, that's going to be really important for us to get the power plays and get the momentum on our side."
"We play hard on everyone, we've got a competitive team, we're just going to go out and play hard on every player and situation," Golden Knights defenseman Jon Merrill said.
With Bellemare's status still in the air, guys like Oscar Lindberg, who has yet to play this postseason, have stayed at the ready.
"All the guys not playing, we're trying to play competitive, we're doing extra on the ice, playing mini games, stuff like that, try and help each other out," the Golden Knights forward Lindberg said.
Whoever does take the ice for Vegas Saturday night, understands they won't see the same Sharks squad they did in Game 1.
"It will be a 100 percent turnaround,” Gallant said. “They're a good hockey team and they're going to play a good solid hockey game and we're going to work hard, compete hard, get back to their game."
"Today's a new day,” Marchessault said Friday. “Obviously we should feel good about ourselves and play with confidence, but we definitely need to have a good game (Saturday)."
Pierre-Edouard Bellemare NOT on the ice for the Golden Knights this morning. Bellemare took a cross-check to the head from Evander Kane during the 3rd period of game 1 #VegasBorn pic.twitter.com/seeRJQwjpD — Vince Sapienza (@VinceSapienza) April 27, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Islamabad: A suspected suicide explosion outside the Punjab assembly in the provincial capital of Lahore on Monday killed at least 13 people including two senior police officers and injured more than 50, police said.
The blast took place while hundreds of chemists and pharmaceutical manufacturers were holding a protest against a drug act passed by the assembly, amid a strike by medicine stores across the most populated province of the country.
Police cordoned off the area near the crowded Mall Road, one of the city's main arteries, as witnesses fled amid fears of a second explosion, with images of the injured being carried away shown by local media.
Police identified the deceased officers as senior superintendent Zahid Gondal and deputy inspector general of traffic police, retired army captain Ahmad Mobin.
The officers were negotiating with the protesters when the explosion ripped through the crowd.
“The blast was so powerful. I saw the injured and bodies, saw flames surrounding the blast site, people were crying,” witness Muhammad Tariq told AFP.
Rescue official Deeba Shahnaz said at least 10 people had died in the explosion, while some 71 other wounded people had been rushed to city hospitals, in figures confirmed by hospital sources.
The attack “seems to be a suicide blast”, senior police official Amin Wains said, adding it had apparently targeted police trying to regulate the protest.
“Police at the scene have told me that apparently it's a suicide blast, we are investigating,” Rana Sanaullah, the provincial law minister, told AFP.
The Pakistani Taliban faction Jamaat-ul-Ahrar swiftly claimed responsibility for the blast, which came three days after it announced it would carry out a series of attacks on government installations around the country.
A spokesman for the group warned in an statement that Monday's blast was “just the start”.
Lahore, the country's cultural capital, suffered one of Pakistan's deadliest attacks during 2016, a Jamaat-ul-Ahrar suicide bomb in a park over Easter that killed more than 70 — including many children.
According to media reports the National Counterterrorism Authority (NACTA) had last week warned of a possible terrorist attack in Lahore and asked for strict vigilance around vital installations, important buildings, hospitals and schools.
Punjab Law Minister Rana Sanaullah said that maximum preparations were made after the threat alert was received.
“The spot where the blast took place is always under threat. Even if there was no alert, strict security measures are always taken in the area,” he said.
President Mamnoon Hussain and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the Lahore blast and in separate statement vowed that such dastardly acts cannot shake the resolve of the nation to eliminate terrorism completely.
Affirming the state's resolve against the menace of terrorism, they said this scourge will be rooted out.
“Today, tragedy has struck Lahore. Alongside innocent civilians, we have lost two of our own brave police officers Captain Mubeen and Zahid Gondal. They were good men who died serving and protecting the people of this great country,” the prime minister said.
— with inputs from AFP
ATLANTA — The New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out.
Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. It began Wednesday's game against the Atlanta Braves having lost seven of nine and in danger of falling under .500 for the first time this season.
"We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said.
The bullpen is 1-5 with an 8.51 ERA in its last six games. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
The Mets believe they dodged a couple of major injuries Tuesday when ace Noah Syndergaard was placed on the DL with a strained ligament in his right index finger and Steven Matz left his start in the fourth inning with a mild strain in his left middle finger.
But so much has gone wrong that Callaway is wondering what might happen next. Just in the last three days, New York has had nine relievers go on or off the active roster.
"I haven't slept in a week — well, at least," he said. "We're just trying to think of ways to get out. What can we do? What can we stress? How can we react today? What conversations can we have with which players? We have to try to continue to get out of what's going on."
Callaway almost marveled at the near-perfect storm of injuries and poor performance. Balls have dropped between outfielders. Baserunners have been picked off in the same inning. Hitting with runners in scoring position has been suspect.
The roster keeps churning over, too.
"I think we have made 17 roster moves in the past four days," assistant general manager John Ricco said. "That's going to tax any team."
Every war bears a human face, and last August the face of Syria's war became that of Omran Daqneesh – bloody cheeks, covered in debris, eyes wide with shock and his tiny slumped frame in an orange ambulance seat. It's an image that woke up the world. At just 5 years old, Omran became the symbol for civilian suffering in a war older than he is.
The young boy had just been rescued from the rubble, alongside his parents and three siblings, and was being taken to a hospital following an airstrike on his then-rebel-held neighborhood of Qaterji in Aleppo. An hour later that building collapsed. Three days later, his 10-year-old brother Ali died when a bomb struck the street he was playing in.
Today, the Bashar Assad regime has his family under lock and key, according to photojournalist and opposition activist Mahmoud Raslan, who snapped that haunting portrait of Omran.
“I lost contact with the family of Omran when we were forced out of Aleppo last year. The Assad militia had arrived and his family was guarded under house arrest where they could not be reached by the Western media,” the 29-year-old photographer – who gave up his profession as a pastry chef to document the conflict that started in early 2011 – told Fox News. “Their residence was changed and they were put under security.”
Raslan, whose claims could not be independently verified, said that his last communication with a relative of the family was in February and that this relative affirmed the family remained under house arrest. Raslan said he has not been able to reach that relative in recent weeks. The media appears not to have documented Omran's whereabouts since the ensuing days after the attack. In December, the Financial Times reported that his whereabouts was unknown.
The photographer explained simply that the Syrian president's regime does not want the family speaking out. When asked to respond to the photograph weeks later during an interview with Swiss media, President Assad asserted that it was a “forged picture and not a real one.” However, an interview with Russia Today, his wife Asma acknowledged the little boy by name and questioned why children in the Alawite village of Zara, which was assaulted by Al-Qaeda linked groups last May, were not afforded the same media attention.
Nonetheless, the sudden attention on the now iconic photograph last year also fast became fodder for theories that the anti-Assad photographer himself fraternized with terrorist factions. But Raslan, who vows that all he wants is freedom from regime oppression, takes such speculation – as well as the phony photo narrative – with a grain of salt.
“The whole world saw Omran and learned about him and his tragedy, which is not false. I am fully prepared to sit in front of Bashar Assad and call out his lies,” he said. “I was in there in Aleppo and we were bombarded by air raids. I was there with my lens and I have a full archive of footage.”
Other activists have also claimed to have captured footage and photographs of the traumatized child in the ambulance that night.
The viral image of Omran ignited not only an immediate awareness of the dire situation in Syria, but was also a bump in donations for major NGOs operating in the area. Raslan said that the attention devoted to the video and photograph did not change his life and he did not get any prize for it, but it “helped the world to witness the crimes of the government.”
“I think photography sometimes stops Assad a little bit because of the intensity of the international pressure, after the world sees these massacres,” he noted.
LIFE IN WAR-TORN SYRIA: BOMB BLASTS AND NO UTILITIES, BUT COFFINS ARE FREE
SYRIA EVACUATION POSTPONED AFTER BLAST KILLS 80 KIDS
Raslan remembers that night vividly: The razed six-floor building that Omran's family once called home, the bleeding bodies, the chaos and crying as survivors swarmed to medical staff for help. But, he emphasized, Omran's condition was a “unique case” and after shooting some video, he stopped to take some stills.
“Omran was in the ambulance exhausted, very shocked at the fall of the rocket near him. When I capture many of the children, they are crying and screaming,” Raslan recalled. “But Omran was silent, which distinguished him from the rest of children that day.”
And it struck an extra chord close to home.
“When Omran was bombed, I thought of my child who was only four days old,” he continued. “I lived in Aleppo and I suffer what everyone suffers there. After that night, we were forced out of Aleppo and into a bigger disaster. I lost my home, my land, my neighborhood, my neighbors, my everything.”
But that night on the job is just one of many for Raslan to fold into memory as the 6-year civil war drags on, with little end in sight.
“I wished that the picture would have stopped the bombing,” he added. “But still, I want the world to know that there are thousands of Omrans suffering. I want the world to see all the children who are being bombed.”
Hollie McKay has been a FoxNews.com staff reporter since 2007. She has reported extensively from the Middle East on the rise and fall of terrorist groups such as ISIS in Iraq. Follow her on Twitter at @holliesmckay
State and county lawyers are urging Nevada's Supreme Court to overturn a Las Vegas judge's ruling blocking the first execution of an inmate on Nevada's death row in 12 years.
Attorneys for Clark County and the Nevada Department of Corrections told the justices in Carson City Tuesday the federal public defenders trying to stop the execution of a twice-convicted killer are really just advancing generic arguments in opposition to the death penalty.
Public defenders and the American Civil Liberties Union counter that Nevada's plan would subject Scott Raymond Dozier to an unacceptable risk of pain and suffering using a combination of three drugs never tried before in the United States.
Dozier says he wants to be put to death as soon as possible regardless of which drugs are used in the lethal injection the lower court blocked in November.
The ACLU says the experimental mixture of drugs includes a paralytic that's illegal to use when euthanizing pets in Nevada.
A ruling in the case isn't expected for weeks.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Eleven months ago today, a giant sinkhole opened off of Freeman Lane in Grass Valley. Now, work to repair it has been completed. A pipe about 150 feet long has been reinforced with rebar and encased in concrete, and the hole itself now features a gravel access road with switchbacks down to where the water from the pipe turns into Little Wolf Creek. City Manager Tim Kiser showed off the area on Friday, and says they moved a lot of dirt over the last several months…
Listen to Tim Kiser 1
Seven thousand cubic yards is roughly equivalent of a football field on dirt four inches deep. The north edge is being paved into a parking lot, with work scheduled to be done tomorrow, but the access road and the rest of the hole will be left as is…
Listen to Tim Kiser 2
There are still some land use issues and other factors to work out before that can happen. The total cost of repairs is estimated at just under two million dollars. The city has been using its own funds to pay for it, but hopes to get most of that money reimbursed from the federal government for disaster relief.
–gf
UPS driver Paul Pereira was finishing up his day when he noticed smoke coming from a house near his last delivery of the day.
Neighbors captured video of Pereria quickly springing into action, asking someone to get a hose in order to try and put out the flames. He banged on the door, eventually knocking it to the ground and alerting the family inside their house was about to become engulfed.
Brian Lavender was upstairs with his wife and daughter, thinking that the smell of smoke was coming from a neighbor's barbecue. Lavender recalled, “The next thing [my wife] knows, there was banging (and) ‘Fire, fire, fire' get out!' The cause of the fire is a mystery, but one thing is for sure: the damage could have been much worse if the man from “United Problem Solvers” hadn't jumped into action.”
Neighbor Pete Brown said had not Pereria not taken action, the house would have become completely swallowed by the flames, although Pereria feels he is not a hero. “‘I don't feel I am a hero. I think anybody would do it if they saw a fire, you know, act on it.”
Via Hiase
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Story by Destinee Marking, Contributing writer
The Murray State Baptist Campus Ministry (BCM) is holding its sixth annual Frostbite 5K — a race that raises money for Spring Break mission trips — on Feb. 25.
Jessica Hiter, junior from Murray, Kentucky, said the Frostbite 5K is one of the biggest fundraisers the BCM holds.
“It's a really awesome event and everyone should get involved if they can,” Hiter said.
Each year, the BCM goes on mission trips around the country.
Hiter said there will be two mission trips this year. One group will be going to Gatlinburg, Tennessee, and another group will go to Johnsonville, South Carolina, both for disaster relief.
Marina White, co-president of the BCM, said they would not be able to hold this event without donations from sponsors such as Parker Ford-Lincoln, First Baptist Church, Hardin Baptist Church and Coleman Law Offices.
According to the Frostbite 5K SignUp page, the top two male runners and top two female runners in each age category will receive medals.
“For people who do not want to run, volunteers pass out water, cheer runners on, hold signs to direct people and help with the awards ceremony at the end,” Marina said.
Hiter said the event brought together 50 runners and around 20 volunteers last year.
Jaclyn White, senior from Paducah, Kentucky, has run the 5K for the past two years and will be running again this year.
“I participate because I love running in races and having a goal to work towards,” Jaclyn said. “But more importantly, the money goes for missions across the country. So, it's a win-win.”
The cost to participate is $20 plus a $2.50 SignUp fee until Feb. 18 and will be $25 plus the $2.50 SignUp fee after that date. Registration will begin at 8 a.m. on Feb. 25 on Murray State's Carr Health Lawn and the race will take place from 9 a.m. to 10 a.m..
Those interested in participating as a runner, volunteer or donor can find out how to do so through the link on the Murray State BCM's website.
Abuse counselor driven by her past to help others with their future
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 3 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Name: Donna Genera
Location: Santa Barbara
Role: Clinical director
Donna Genera says bartenders are therapists without degrees.
From her tranquil East Arrellaga Street office with trickling water fountains and a touch of Asian spirituality, this addiction warrior seems far from anything less than serene.
As a former bartender and drug dealer herself, Genera's work as the clinical director of Full Spectrum Recovery & Counseling Services is informed by her years on the supply side of addiction.
“It's that personal experience,” she said. “And to say intimately, ‘I remember.' ... I know what that's like.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
Genera are introduced to bartending and dealing drugs as an unemployed environmental design major living in San Francisco. After moving to Honolulu in the early 1970s, she says she started dealing hallucinogens, cocaine and marijuana.
“We were making an awful lot of money,” Genera said. “It seemed like such a good life until the Hawaiian mafia found out about us.”
Despite having a small operation, Genera claims she was chased off to another island and then to the Mainland because the gang viewed her as competition. Realizing life as a dealer was getting her nowhere, Genera got out for good.
While managing a bar in Ventura, Genera was told by patrons and coworkers that she was a good listener and would make a good therapist. After seeing an advertisement for Pacifica Graduate Institute, she enrolled in a clinical psychology course.
Genera's calling to help people with their compulsions was propelled by her sister's addiction to opiates, which started out as an innocent treatment for childhood migraines.
After a long history of abusing prescriptions, mixing substances and treatment centers, Genera's sister committed suicide.
“These are things I specialized in ... and I couldn't even keep my sister alive,” Genera said.
The loss taught her the difficult lesson that she couldn't save everyone.
Genera got her start in counseling during her internship at then-Pinecrest Hospital — now part of Cottage Health System — where she worked in the family violence center. At the time, 85 percent of the center's population was using substances.
Today, Genera works with four family and marriage therapists treating compulsions that include substance use, gambling and sex.
Despite Santa Barbara's veneer of a well-to-do paradise, Genera says methamphetamine and heroin are more common than people think.
“One of the things that is so frustrating for our team is how much wealth can buffer and hide a problem,” she said.
Genus meets wealthy parents who throw money at their children's addictions by getting the best lawyers or paying off people — without realizing they are making the problem worse.
Prescription drug abuse is the most insidious addiction she encounters, however, particularly during this recession.
“I think there's a lot of stress in our world and people are self-medicating because of it,” Genera said.
It is fulfilling for her when she sees one of her clients able to turn her life around.
“It's rewarding, it's satisfying and (it) enriches me to do this kind of work,” Genera said. “I'm still working 10- to 11-hour days, and at my age and having done it that long, that's crazy. If I didn't love what I do, I wouldn't.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk intern Daniel Langhorne can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired his national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of his contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said he misled Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts with the Russian ambassador.
This isn't the first time Trump has distanced himself from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairman after disclosures by The Associated Press about his firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
“This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy,” said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help him win.
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press he has not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts.
“I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today,” Manafort said.
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into his job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairmen, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees.
Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of his contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls.
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between his public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations.
“You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others,” said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairman of the House intelligence committee, said he was concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of his conversations with the Russian ambassador.
“I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here,” Nunes said. “You have an American citizen who had his phone call recorded and then leaked to the media.”
The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets, including diplomats, inside the U.S.
Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in his resignation letter, saying merely that he “inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador.”
While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairman of the Senate intelligence committee, said much of the panel's investigation will occur behind closed doors, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said he planned to push to make the findings and hearings public.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians. “No, absolutely not,” Spicer said.
___
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker, Erica Werner, Richard Lardner, Chad Day and Deb Riechmann contributed to this report.
Friday, October 6
The year was 1992. On this day, the world was still reeling from Sinead O'Connor's “Pope” incident on SNL.
Here are nine songs that burned up the charts on October 6th, 1992!
Tom Cochrane-Life Is A Highway
Guns N' Roses-November Rain
TLC-What About Your Friends
Toad the Wet Sprocket-All I Want
The Cure-Friday I'm In Love
Snap!-Rhythm Is A Dancer
Eric Clapton-Layla (MTV Unplugged)
10,000 Maniacs-These Are Days
Boyz II Men-End Of The Road
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for her 2014 film First Kiss, where she invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” she said of her U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
The Federal government is set to lose N1, 053,270,000.00 annually due to deployment of 747 non-beneficiaries of the presidential amnesty programme, an anti-corruption watch group, Critical Coalition Against Corruption (CCAC), has claimed.
The group alleged existence of fraud and irregularities in the deployment of beneficiaries for the 2017/2018 academic session of the Presidential Amnesty programme followings findings it said arose from the various committees set up by the new Coordinator of the Presidential Amnesty Programme, Prof Quaker Dokubo to look into the current position of all sectors of the Programme.
According to the statement made by the group, it said, “During the most recent deployment of Amnesty Beneficiaries to Nigeria Universities, 1,061 delegates were deployed to 10 Universities and the committee setup to review this, was to amongst other things find out how the 1,061 students were deployed to the various institutions, whether they are beneficiaries of the Presidential Amnesty Program (PAP), whether their deployment followed due process and any other information that will assist the office.
“Out of a total of 1,061 delegates/students that were deployed to 10 Universities, only 314 delegates/students were found in the database of the Presidential Amnesty Programme.”
It said the committee discovered that some former heads of the programme compiled names of vulnerable youths and sent them to Universities without following due process.
It further alleged that; “The deployment of 747 non-beneficiaries will cost the government not less than N1, 053,270,000.00 annually which was not budgeted for. The table below speaks for this position. It was also discovered that some of the Universities were claimed to be charging way more than what was advertised and submitted to the National University Commission as at the time of the said deployment.
It said “More worrisome is the fact that whiles some folios in the file that have to do with this process was removed, some files were totally missing. There was no record of the deployment in the Office of the Special Adviser on Niger Delta. The list of the said deployment was nowhere in the Office of the Special Adviser to the President on Niger Delta & Coordinator, Presidential Amnesty Programme.
IT also said that “Some of the consideration for deployment of delegates/students to Universities or training facilities in the reintegration component of the Amnesty Programme are: The delegate must be a beneficiary and must be in the database;
There must be a budget for the deployment;
The authorisation must be from the Special Adviser after management has given approval; The letter of Sponsorship/Scholarship award to each delegate/student must be signed by the SAPND and not by proxy,” the statement concluded.
Guyana to host high-level judicial conference
Guyana is set to host another high-level judicial conference next month. Twenty-five countries will participate in a Judges and Prosecutors' Conference to be hosted in Georgetown on May 3rd and 4th.
Attorney General and Minister of Legal Affairs, Basil Williams S.C, said the conference is being hosted in collaboration with the Commonwealth Secretariat and the Caribbean Financial Action Task Force (CFATF).
The meeting is part of Guyana's ongoing efforts to clear the fourth round of mutual evaluations to ensure the country is compliant with the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) recommendations.
At a press conference on Saturday last, Attorney General (AG) Williams explained the importance of Guyana ensuring technical compliance to the anti-money laundering/combatting the financing of terrorism (AML/CFT) global regime.
“It is important to Guyana now on the cusp of transformation. We have been for three years cleaning our economy from dirty money and preparing it to receive oil and gas money and money from the green economy,” Williams said.
In 2016, Guyana was removed from the FATF blacklist after meeting the requirements for AML/CFT compliance. The country was blacklisted under the former PPP administration.
The country's effort to comply with international regulations was led by Williams, who is the current chair of the CFATF.
As part of ensuring it clears fourth round evaluations, Guyana must secure convictions under the legal framework it previously installed. Williams assured, however, that this will be done following detailed investigations.
“Money launderers must and ought to be convicted and this is not a question of trumped-up charges,” Williams said.
Criminal and judicial officers have been undergoing training to ensure effective investigation and eventual prosecution of such cases.
The AG also said that his ministry will facilitate more sensitisation and training to ensure the country successfully clears this fourth round.
“It is very important that we understand that. We have experienced being blacklisted and counter-measures were taken against us, so we don't want to go back there, because of the deleterious effects it has on countries' economies,” Williams noted.
The work of the Special Organised Crime Unit (SOCU) is considered critical to Guyana's success in this fourth round, Advisor to SOCU, Sam Sittlington had expressed earlier this year.
SOCU is investigating more than 39 referrals from the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) of which two have been brought before the courts to date. The FIU is tasked with detecting and preventing money laundering and financing of terrorist activity in Guyana in accordance with the AMLCFT Act of 2009.
110 Cheeky preflight routine draws laughs from passengers Pause
184 Man sneaks onto luggage carousel, runs onto tarmac at Miami International Airport
13 Video shows cop punching a woman in the face as she is ejected from Hard Rock Stadium
226 Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
192 How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
Family of inmate in coma fights his release
106 Watch Orlando PD pull over Florida's first African-American state attorney
300 2 teens sought for viral video sexual assault
Man stops to play ‘Taps' in honor of military crash victims killed in Mississippi
VW optimistic over China tech transfer assurances
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sertec supplies body shell components to automotive firms such as Jaguar Land Rover and Ford. The Coleshill-based manufacturer turns 50 this year and chief executive Grant Adams explains how two investments from BGF and its investor Ian Downing are spearheading another half century of growth
Grant Adams of Sertec says:
Our customers include Jaguar Land Rover, Ford, Scania, and Adient – one of the biggest tier one supplier in the world.
We reached a position where we received approaches from trade buyers, some here in the UK but also some over in the US, who wanted to acquire the whole company.
Private equity houses also showed some interest.
We actually came very close to a deal with an American outfit which I felt fitted well with the culture of Sertec.
They appeared to be a good home in terms of what they did and what we did but, when it came down to it, they were unable to get the deal over the line.
So we looked around and discovered that BGF was the right fit for us.
In the beginning, one of the important things we wanted to identify was whether they had the appetite for further investment.
For us, it was all about the long-term growth of the business – and the first deal last year allowed us to buy more equipment and machinery.
Within two months of that original deal we approached BGF about taking a site in Hams Hall to centralise our distribution operations in the group.
In addition, we wanted to enhance our product portfolio and customer base and increase our manufacturing footprint.
We agreed a deal, with BGF's support, to buy Wild Automotive which enabled us to do all three.
That was the biggest investment Sertec ever made in any acquisition – we have made nine over the years.
We would not have been able to do that without the investment from BGF.
As a result of the acquisition, we gained four sites in Witton, Redditch, Germany and Hungary where we have put in £7m worth of brand-new presses.
In terms of Europe, between where we have bases in Hungary and Germany, there is Slovakia and Austria.
Jaguar Land Rover is doing a lot of investment in those areas, building a factory in Slovakia, and we can see it having another base like its one in Solihull there.
That's a massive growth opportunity for us but, on top of that, we need to grow our customer base and increase our product range.
We have a target wish list of customers that we don't currently supply, and a list of those that we do supply but with which we would like to increase our market share.
So that is what we are gearing up the business to do, hence why we bought out Wild Automotive and now the resource coming in from outside.
Wild Automotive is very prevalent in wire forming, which you find in car seats, and also supplies hinges and washers and other components which we don't.
What we have found since the acquisition is that the cross-selling opportunities have been incredible.
The beauty of the facility in Hungary, and the land it sits on, is that we could replicate our Coleshill facility there.
I don't see us branching out of automotive into other fields as there is just too much to go at in this sector.
Our industry is very capital intensive and we would not have been able to do what we have done without the support from BGF.
BGF investor Ian Downing says:
Our relationship with Sertec goes back three or four years which was well ahead of any investment happening.
One of BGF's owners, Lloyds Bank, has been Sertec's bank for a long time and it was an introduction via its relationship manager which brought us into contact.
We met up in August 2015 which is when we really got into discussions.
Sertec was saying it was ready to speak with us as it had an investment it wanted to make.
We spent the next few months talking about how that might shape up before it eventually completed the deal the following February.
We made a £10m investment to support a couple of things.
One enabled ongoing expenditure into the business for items, such as new facilities and machinery, and the second related to the Mosedale family.
The business had grown from a turnover of under £50m at the time of our first meeting, to £200m by the time we made that first investment, which is huge over a relatively short space of time – around five years.
BGF's subsequent investment into Sertec of £5m, made last summer, started almost before the ink had dried on that first deal – and included the opportunity to buy Wild Automotive, which was a substantial business in its own right.
Sertec had been having informal discussions with them so, as soon as we had completed that first investment, we went straight into discussions about providing some further funding.
Wild Automotive's bases in Hungary and Germany represented a key step for Sertec, enabling them to move into Europe.
As a business we were very keen to support the automotive sector after seeing lots of success in this industry over the past decade following a long and difficult period.
It has come through the bottom of the trough and it is now an attractive sector again.
BGF had been seeking interesting businesses in the automotive sector in which we could invest.
The history of the automotive sector is all about using steel.
Sertec has a key capability in aluminium structures, and we are seeing the process of cars becoming lighter and more fuel efficient, particularly electric vehicles.
Taking steel out and using aluminium instead helps to make them lighter and improves the range.
Sertec has some real skills in this field, particularly as a result of its close working relationship with Jaguar Land Rover.
Sertec clearly has scale, is an important strategic supplier to its customers, has a great management team and culture and has some really interesting plans about how it is going to develop its future.
We worked really hard to find a way to work together with the Sertec team and quickly formed a good working relationship.
BGF is the most active and influential investor in growing companies across the UK. The independent company provides long-term capital for a minority stake, from earlier stage investments to established private and AIM-listed companies.
By Patrick Dele Cole
AT 15, I broke my left arm playing football. It was a horrendous accident, as the left elbow joint was broken and another bone was also broken. It was called a compound fracture, which my mother believed had been the deliberate work of a classmate whose name was Ojukwu (Who can forget such a name?). My mother came to Port Harcourt from Onitsha and was ready to tear Ojukwu to pieces. He disappeared temporarily while my problem had to be solved. Before she could arrive, I had been taken to a local Osteopath who must have worsened the injury because he attempted to set the bones without seeing any X-ray.
When eventually an X-ray was taken, I was told that the only place I could get treatment was at the Royal Orthopaedic Hospital, Igbobi. My mother took me to Igbobi where the prognosis was not particularly good. There were two specialist orthopaedic surgeons who treated me. I ended up in a three-hour operation where some muscles and bone were taken from my leg and patched to the elbow.
I stayed in Igbobi for 3-4 months. Meanwhile, I wrote to some of my classmates to make extra copies of class notes because I was coming back soon. When they did not see me for a few weeks, the note copying stopped. We had 3 semesters in those days in school. My accident had happened in the first semester and I was out of school for the rest of that semester and the whole of the second term. The Igbobi treatment was not successful. So till today, I have a left arm while I cannot bend at the elbow and which is not fully functional. I do not know where Ojukwu is.
I returned to school halfway through the third term with my stiff left arm. I had to learn how to use one hand for practically everything I did.
My prefect at school in the dormitory was Henry Ikechi Wigwe, whose family we knew when his father worked in Onitsha. Senior Wigwe took me in hand and decided that all the lessons I had missed, he would coach me with the help of some of the notes my classmates had kept for me for a short period. My classmates thought that if I had been away that long, I would have to repeat form III. But with the coaching and teaching of Henry, although I did not need to do the final examination, I did and I passed to form IV.
Some of my classmates were very colourful and ingenious. Boarding House food was generally bad. There were no beans that some weevils or other insects had not found a home. The soup was a miracle nobody could consciously perform. We called it, “separate me Paul and Barnabas,” because the water in the soup was on one side, the egusi, or vegetable or okra or gravy took battle positions on the other side: water, egusi, vegetable, gravy – all looked at themselves as mortal enemies, each determined to hold their ground within the soup bowl. As for the rice, there were as many stones as grains of rice!
Every class usually had one popular student – either the class bully or the student who had everything and can turn the inedible food into something else by adding all sorts of condiments. In our class, his name was Ewe. At mealtimes, he came to the dining hall with yeast, marmite, curry powder and a host of other things which when mixed with “Separate me Paul and Barnabas soup,” became something else. As the dining hall bell rang, Ewe would have a small coterie of followers hoping to get something to magically transform the soup. Ewe kept a rough register in his head – you may enjoy his munificence once a day: and for a price.
Apart from Ewe's culinary improvisation, he also had the almighty letter writing book. At 15, the hormones have started surging through your body. You want to write a letter to some girl or walk past her house several times in the hope she would notice you. Ewe has this book full of letters for all occasions. First, you have to find out the name of the girl, the school she went to, etc, usually by befriending her brother or nephew or neighbour. You then went to Ewe, the guru, who would bring out his closely guarded book of letters. He will first listen to your story, usually how you have passed in front of the girl's house a million times but have only seen her a couple of times or you had smiled at her but she gave you not the slightest notice, etc. The more ignored you are the greater the efforts to impress. You may have used your pocket money to buy one handkerchief you hope to give to her as a present. I need not detail here, the total disregard or failure of all these overtures because the object has no idea who you are or what you are trying to do – a classical case of unrequited love.
Anyway, Guru Ewe has the correct answer for all these tribulations. His handwriting is perfect, assured and manly. He would copy a letter from his book, address it to the girl and you would sign.
At lunchtime every school day, the senior prefect rings a bell and many students gather and surround him because he was about to release letters written to students in the school. He calls the name of each recipient who jumps up as if he is going to receive the holy sacrament. It's usually a letter from your parents or your male friend from another school. Expectant and envious eyes follow you. “Is it from her?” They want to know. Well, if not today, there is tomorrow. Some boys receive more than one letter and they walk as if in high heavens.
Some of us from form III to V would go on visiting days of the girls' schools all around Port Harcourt, Aba, Uyo, etc., usually without knowing a soul, in the hope that we might get lucky and be introduced to someone. We were so unbelievably shy it was painful. Luckily a few of our schoolmates had sisters who gave us a good introduction for these visits.
In form V, we were a little bolder. Then it happened. Three of us were friends, Ferdinand, Clarkson and myself. In form V, you no longer needed permission from the senior prefect to go out on exeat from the boarding house on Saturdays. On this particular Saturday at 5 am, we saw Clifford, the senior prefect, and actually told him we were going to town. We had our shower and took off to the Railway station. Ewe had moved his magic and Ferdinand had a pen pal, Ngo, who was at Queens School, Enugu. On this fateful Saturday, she was going back to school by train with her schoolmates from Port Harcourt to Enugu. We decided to go and say farewell to her at the Railway station. By 6 am we bought our flat form tickets and started looking for Ngo whom we soon found. We were feeling like giants, beaming from ear to ear as we continued some inconsequential conversation. Suddenly, some deep voice called out “Cole, Fiofori, and Whyte what are you doing here? Why are you not in the school?” Ferdinand, who was the pen pal of Ngo, explained that we had permission from the senior prefect. Meanwhile, our knees had become jelly and we were speaking gibberish. Our interrogator was Ngo's father who was also the Senior Master or Deputy Principal of our school!!
We rushed back to school fearful of what would happen to us even though technically, we had permission to go to town. But the teacher's question of what we were doing at that time in the Port Harcourt Railway station, we could not really answer. All weekend, we were on tender hooks waiting for Monday which duly arrived. We were hauled into the principal's office to answer what we were doing at the railway station so early on Saturday. We explained that we had permission and that we did not know that the Railway Station was out of bounds.
By this time, other teachers have come into the principal's room to witness the incandescent rage of Ngo's father who was insisting that we be expelled from the school.
One teacher argued that this was all unnecessary. We had about one month to the West African School Certificate Examinations, WAEC; the examination numbers had been sent to the school and he did not know if the school had the power to stop us from taking the examination, and that even if it did, what would they say to Examination Council). Ngo's father threatened to resign, but was only mollified when the Principal decided to rusticate us as boarders from the school. We were to take the examinations as day students.
This is not the place to go into the apoplexy of our parents. Luckily by then, I had a place at Ibadan Grammar School for the Higher School Certification, Ferdinand had a French scholarship to France, and Clarkson had a place at the Emergency School of Science at Onikan, preparatory to his studying medicine.
