As the first light of dawn trickles in through the hospital window, 19-year-old Mohammed Ali learns that his two-year-old cousin has died of hunger. But he has to remain strong for his little brother Mohannad, who could be next.
He holds his brother's hand as the five-year-old struggles to breathe, his skin stretched tight over tiny ribs. "I have already lost a cousin to malnutrition today, I can't lose my little brother," he says.
They are among countless Yemenis who are struggling to feed themselves amid a grinding civil war that has pushed the Arab world's poorest nation to the brink of famine. The family lives in a mud hut in northern Yemen, territory controlled by Shiite Houthi rebels, who are at war with government forces and a Saudi-led and U.S.-backed coalition.
The coalition has been waging a fierce air campaign against the rebels since March 2015, trying unsuccessfully to dislodge them from the capital, Sanaa, and much of the country's north. A coalition blockade aimed at preventing the Houthis from re-arming has contributed to a 60-percent spike in food prices, according to an estimate used by international aid groups.
During the best of times, many Yemenis struggled to make ends meet. Now they can barely feed themselves.
Mohammed's father works seasonal farming jobs that pay only a few dollars a day. Mohammed dropped out of school after the war began and scrapes by on occasional construction and farming work. Before the war, they could afford to eat beef or chicken once a week, but now they are lucky to have some fish with lunch. Their diet mainly consists of bread, rice and tea.
Earlier this month, Mohammed and his brother made the hour-long journey, over a bumpy and unsafe road, to the nearest hospital, in the town of Abs. Mohannad's condition, which began with diarrhea, had been worsening for the past two years, but they couldn't afford treatment.
Some 2.2 million children suffer from malnutrition across Yemen, according to the U.N. children's agency, UNICEF. That includes 462,000 who, like Mohannad, are afflicted with Severe Acute Malnutrition (SAM), which makes them especially vulnerable to otherwise preventable illnesses like diarrhea and pneumonia.
UNICEF is supporting the treatment of 215,000 children suffering from SAM and has provided vitamin supplements to millions more, said Rajat Madhok, the agency's spokesman in Yemen. But "this lifesaving work remains hindered by the shortage of funding and limited access to areas caught in the fighting," he said.
The war has taken a heavy toll on the country's health facilities. A number of hospitals and clinics have been bombed, while others have had to close their doors because of the fighting. Less than a third of Yemen's 24 million people have access to health facilities, according to UNICEF, which says at least 1,000 Yemeni children die every week from preventable diseases.
Mohammed hopes his brother won't be next.
"I can see that my brother's condition is worsening day after day," he says. "There's nothing I can do."
Image copyright Family handout Image caption Adam Harris, 34, died in hospital after falling ill in police custody
A man suspected of murdering a man in a street fight has been released after "early indications" found the alleged victim had suffered no fatal injuries.
Adam Harris, 34, fell ill in police custody and later died following an incident in Duckinfield on Friday.
However, Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said tests later indicated he had suffered no injuries likely to have caused his death.
A 32-year-old man has been released with no further action.
A woman, 33, who was arrested on suspicion of assault, has also been released.
GMP said a post-mortem examination had been carried out and "extensive tests" were continuing.
The case has been routinely referred the Independent Office for Police Conduct, which will investigate the circumstances of the death, the force added.
Det Ch Insp Lewis Hughes said: "I would urge anyone who witnessed the earlier altercation, or has any information that could assist our investigation, to please get in touch as a matter of urgency."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Sudan, the last male northern white rhino, died in March 2018
The seemingly "disastrous" story of the world's most endangered mammal - the northern white rhino - could be rewritten by IVF, scientists claim.
They used the method to produce rhino embryos with sperm from two dead males.
The embryos were made using eggs from a closely related sub-species, but the scientists say the method could save the northern white rhino.
One of the team said he hoped a baby that's fully northern white rhino would be born "within three years".
This could provide a way of "rescuing valuable genes" from a sub-species that is already functionally extinct; the last male northern white rhino, named Sudan, died earlier this year at the age of 45.
Only two females now remain, but the researchers who carried out this project say their carefully-developed method of assisted reproduction could work with eggs harvested from those two precious animals.
How do you carry out rhino IVF?
Image copyright NAture Communications Image caption The researchers extracted microscopic eggs using a needle guided by ultrasound
In the journal Nature Communications, Prof Thomas Hildebrandt, from the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin, and his international team of colleagues, described the complexities of safely extracting an egg, or oocyte, from a two-tonne female rhino.
"You can't reach the ovaries by hand, so we developed a special device," Prof Hildebrandt explained to BBC News. "We used ultrasound to very precisely inject a needle into [the area of the ovary that releases] eggs."
This was done while the female southern white rhino was under general anaesthetic, but the process is still very risky. Very close to the ovaries, Prof Hildebrandt explained, is a "huge artery" that if punctured would probably cause the rhino to bleed to death.
But once viable eggs were safely preserved, the team then had the challenge of fertilising them with sperm from male northern white rhinos - animals that died several years ago. They injected each egg with the sperm and used pulses of electrical current to stimulate the egg and sperm to fuse.
The result - viable embryos containing genetic material from a sub-species that is already functionally extinct.
"Everyone believed there was no hope for this sub-species," said Prof Hildebrandt. "But with our knowledge now, we are very confident that this will work with northern white rhino eggs and that we will be able to produce a viable population."
Could this bring back the northern white rhino?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Last male northern white rhino dies in Kenya
These researchers think so, and others around the world who have been involved in efforts to save the northern white rhino say it is an important step.
But Dr Terri Roth, from Cincinnati Zoo, said the team's suggestion that they would have a "new baby on the ground" within three years was "optimistic".
"Embryo transfer [into a surrogate mother] in rhinos is in its infancy and has not yet been successful in any rhino species," Dr Roth told BBC News.
"And there are just two female northern white rhinos alive today, so acquiring white rhino [eggs] will be challenging and their number will be limited. Any embryos produced would likely need to be cryopreserved (or frozen) until a surrogate could be set up."
Why are there so few northern white rhinos left?
As Dr Roth explained, poaching is the primary threat facing all rhino species.
"The most effective way to save rhinos from extinction is to stop the poaching, however, that has proven difficult," she told BBC News.
"In the late 1990s, even the wild northern white rhino had a chance to recover from low numbers until civil unrest broke out in the DRC and the rhinos were all killed."
Loss of habitat is the other primary threat to rhinos, and conservationists say that governmental protection of parks and reserves is now essential.
"The proper legislation must be passed, the resources to enforce the regulations must be provided and the law must be upheld," said Dr Roth, who has worked in rhino conservation for more than two decades.
"It is important that we learn from the plight of the northern white rhino and we make sure what happened to it does not happen to other endangered species.
"As impressive as science can be, we should not reach a point where these hi-tech approaches are the only source of hope for rescuing genes of valuable individuals, sub-species or entire species."
Follow Victoria on Twitter
ST. LOUIS — The St. Louis Blues have placed forward Jaden Schwartz on injured reserve with a right ankle injury, and he will re-evaluate in six weeks.
The Blues made the move Sunday, hours ahead of their game against the Sabres. Schwartz suffered the injury during the Blues' 6-1 win in Detroit on Saturday. He was tied for ninth in the NHL with 35 points (14 goals, 21 assists) and ranked second with a plus-23 rating through 30 games for the Central Division-leading Blues.
St. Louis also recalled forward Ivan Barbashev from the American Hockey League affiliate in Chicago. He has 12 points (five goals, seven assists) in 36 career NHL regular-season games.
——
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
NBA
NBA 2K‘s popularity is impossible to ignore. On any given night, you'll see NBA players tweeting about NBA 2K, whether it's complaining about their overall rating or trash talking the rest of the league about their skill level. NBA 2K has successfully become part of the basketball conversation everywhere, and 2K Sports teamed up with the NBA to take that popularity to a new level with the announcement of the first official NBA 2K eSports league earlier this year.
The official NBA 2K League will feature real eSports teams for 17 of the 30 NBA franchises in its inaugural season. This marks the first eSports league owned and operated by a major professional sports league, with the first season set to tipoff in 2018.
Tryouts and roster construction are still ongoing, but it's a fascinating idea. eSports as an industry is on the rise, as is the competitive NBA 2K scene, and the NBA has always been fairly progressive with regards to trying new things. One of the many upcoming steps in the development of the NBA 2K League is the league's official logo, which the NBA revealed on Monday.
Image copyright Kolos Image caption The facility would be surrounded by water on three sides, which could aid security
Plans to build the world's "largest" data centre are being made public.
The facility is set to be created at the Norwegian town of Ballangen, which is located inside the Arctic Circle.
The firm behind the project, Kolos, says the chilled air and abundant hydropower available locally would help it keep its energy costs down.
The area, however, suffers the country's highest rate of sick leave from work, which may be related to its past as a mining community.
The US-Norwegian company says it has already raised "several million dollars" for the project from Norwegian private investors.
However, it is still working with a US investment bank to secure the remaining necessary funds.
It is basing its record-setting claims on the amount of power it intends to draw on to run its computer servers.
Initially, Kolos' base would draw on about 70 megawatts of power.
However, within a decade, the firm intends to have added enough computer server modules to drawn on more than 1,000 MW.
Amazon's data processing division is already thought to draw on about 1,000 MW of power in Ashburn, Virginia, however its servers are spread across the area rather than being clustered together into a single centre.
Facebook has operated its own large data centre about 385km (239 miles) from Ballangen at Lulea, Sweden since 2013. But it is limited to 120 MW.
Other giant single-site data centres also tend to use less than 200 MW.
Cheap energy
When complete, the Ballangen development is set to cover 600,000 sq m (6.46m sq ft) and stretch over four storeys.
That is a bigger area than today's record-holder - a facility in Langfang, China - but slightly smaller than the final plan for a still-in-development centre in Nevada.
The Norwegian enterprise should benefit from the fact that large amounts of fibre optic cable were laid in the past alongside a railway built to transport mined iron ore to Sweden.
In more recent times, the EU and Norwegian government have invested in building large dams for hydroelectric projects. There are also several wind farms nearby.
"It's quite literally the lowest power cost in Europe - and 100% of the power is renewable on one of the most stable grids in the world," Kolos' co-chief executive Mark Robinson told the BBC.
"It's in a region of the planet that is naturally cool and has ideal humidity, so we can keep servers cool without having to artificially chill them," he added.
"It has unlimited access to fresh, clean cool water as a secondary chilling source.
"And there's a university nearby, which produces about 200 technology students a year - and the idea is to employ some of these."
When questioned about local sickness rates, Mr Robinson acknowledged that he had not been aware of the municipality's poor standing.
But he noted that the benefits to the local economy of hosting the centre could improve the situation.
Kolo says it already has the support of five local mayors, and Norway's climate and environment minister Vidar Helgesen will take part in a public meeting the firm has organised later this week.
"We want to see many projects come to fruition and I am supportive of this just as I am supportive of any other," Mr Helgesen told the BBC ahead of the event.
"We are not picking individual winners, but we have reduced our tariffs in order to welcome the establishment of data centres in Norway - and we welcome this initiative very much."
The major cloud infrastructure service providers - including Amazon, Microsoft and Google - have repeatedly cut their prices over recent years, putting pressure on other data centre operators.
Tech consultancy Gartner says this has meant private endeavours have needed to seek scale of their own in order to keep their prices competitive.
Image copyright Kolos Image caption Water from nearby fjords will be used to keep the temperature inside the centre cool
"There's always a danger with this kind of thing that providers rush to build capacity that outstrips what the market requires," added David Groombridge, research director at tech consultancy Gartner.
"But in terms of data centres, it's hard to see consumer-driven demands dropping off and there's the promise of the internet-of-things, with millions of sensors generating information that will need to be processed.
"So, unless there are radical new technologies that come along very quickly to help compress data, we will need the resources that this kind of facilities provide."
Barter St businessman Ross Caulfield wants everyone to have a say in council affairs through the new Gympie Region Ratepayers and Residents Association.
Barter St businessman Ross Caulfield wants everyone to have a say in council affairs through the new Gympie Region Ratepayers and Residents Association. Patrick Woods
RESIDENTS will have a louder voice on Gympie Regional Council matters, and so will business people, landlords, farmers and investors who do not always live in Gympie region.
Barter St businessman Ross Caulfield said this would be achieved through a new Gympie Region Ratepayers and Residents Association.
He said membership surveys, as statistically valid as possible, would inform the group's approaches to the council.
Mr Caulfield said initial membership survey indications showed concern about council infrastructure and essential services as well as community lifestyle issues.
Councillors and council staff enjoyed a slightly better assessment, as did those tasked with marketing the region and with customer service and communication.
Mr Caulfield said the initial survey of 83 members of the new group had been the beginning of an attempt to help people raise issues of importance to them.
"We're looking for 600 members so we can say our surveys are representative of the people of the region,” he said.
Mr Caulfield said it was apparent from the early survey that many people are concerned the the council is not providing the services that matter to them, or not doing so to their satisfaction.
He said the association aimed "to promote open, transparent, ethical and responsible decision making and management by Gympie Regional Council.”
Opinion surveys would be conducted anonymously and to the highest possible level of statistical validity.
The association is seeking free meeting access to council halls, with the association providing public liability insurance.
And Mayor Mick Curran has already promised free use of the Gympie Civic Centre Fossickers Room for the GRRRA's first general meeting, Mr Caulfield said.
The meeting will be held at 2pm on June 23, with new members welcome, he said.
A Lincoln postal worker is accused of identity theft, among other offenses, after a fraudulent credit card was traced back to him.
Lancaster County Sheriff's Captain Ben Houchin says 43-year-old Domonic Harris was developed as a suspect, through surveillance video at some northeast Lincoln and west Omaha stores. He says this all came about, after they got a complaint from a Waverly woman on January 25 about her address being changed.
That's when a credit card was opened in her name.
“The financial transaction device was obtained by a suspect, who ended up going to several businesses and using it,” Houchin said at Tuesday's police media briefing.
The card was used at businesses in Omaha and Lincoln, including Walmart, Walgreens, and Target, totaling $1,200.
Through these purchases at the northeast Lincoln and west Omaha stores, authorities got survelliance video of the suspect, as well as a description of his Ford Explorer.
This led police to Harris' home near 70th and Adams on Monday, where a search warrant was served. During the execution of the warrant, documents were found containing private information of 50 different individuals.
Most of it was mail, but a lot of change of address forms. Deputie believe Harris was taking mail from the postal office, changing addresses, and intercepting the paperwork.
Captain Houchin said Harris allegedly used change of address forms to get credit cards by using the names of the victims.
“The change of addresses were going to a residence that wasn't occupied in northeast Lincoln, where he was able to go and obtain the mail and start having the mail delivered to there,” Houchin added.
Harris was arrested and cited with criminal possession of financial transaction devices, identification theft, and unauthorized use of a financial transaction device.
Lincoln Police and the postal inspector are helping the Lancaster County Sheriff's Office with the case.
Houchin said Harris was likely acting alone, but many more victims are possible. Numerous other credit cards had been opened by Harris.
A judge sentenced notorious “Burberry Bandit” Cornell Neilly to five-to-ten years in prison for robbing a string of Manhattan banks in 2012 to support his fashion addiction. Neilly, 22, told...
BERLIN — Michy Batshuayi scored two goals and set up another on his Bundesliga debut for Borussia Dortmund in a 3-2 win over last-place Cologne on Friday.
“It was the first game. It was difficult,” Batshuayi said. “The important thing is that we won.”
The Belgian forward, who joined Dortmund on loan from Chelsea on Wednesday, scored his first goal 10 minutes before the break, blasting the ball past goalkeeper Timo Horn after an assist by Jeremy Toljan.
“(It was a) dream debut,” Batshuayi said on Twitter.
Batshuayi thought he'd scored another just before halftime, again set up by Toljan, but the goal was ruled offside after an intervention from the video referee.
Christian Pulisic was partly to blame for Cologne's equalizer on the hour-mark after losing the ball in midfield. Simon Zoller scored on the rebound after Roman Buerki saved Dominique Heintz' effort.
Batshuayi got his second goal almost immediately afterward, with Pulisic atoning for his mistake with the assist.
Jorge Mere equalized minutes later with the back of his head from a corner.
But Batshuayi played Andre Schuerrle through to score late on a counterattack, giving coach Peter Stoeger a win on his return to his former side.
Cologne, which sacked Stoeger in December after a winless start, suffered its first loss in five games and remained four points behind Werder Bremen in the relegation playoff place.
“It wasn't a game for weak nerves,” Stoeger said after his team ended a run of three draws. “It was an important win.”
Dortmund moved to second place, ahead of Bayer Leverkusen on goal difference having played an extra game.
Mkhululi Sibanda, Assistant Editor
THE Government has always shown commitment in bringing closure to the matter of civil disturbances commonly known as Gukurahundi that affected Matabeleland and Midlands provinces in the 1980s with former President, Cde Robert Mugabe in 1999 committing a then large sum of ZW$10 million just for outreach programmes on the issue, Sunday News can reveal.
In an exclusive interview at his Bulawayo residence yesterday, a respected lawyer and veteran nationalist, Mr Johnson Mnkandla — who chaired a 17-member committee that comprised six chiefs drawn from Midlands and Matabeleland provinces, intellectuals, the clergy, academics and businesspeople formed to look into the 1980s civil disturbances — said he met Cde Mugabe in October 1999 at the State House in Bulawayo where the former Head of State showed no hesitation in dealing with the emotive issue.
“We approached former President Mugabe through the normal channels and it then happened that he was coming to Bulawayo for the memorial service of the late national hero, Cde Sikhwili Khohli Moyo at the Brethren-In-Christ Church on a Sunday.
“The former President then arrived in Bulawayo on the eve of that event and he invited our committee to State House. I went there for the meeting initially scheduled for one hour, but because of the commitment displayed in resolving the issue, we ended up taking three hours. Cde Mugabe asked us what should be done and I was honest enough with him that there was a need to acknowledge the episode. In that meeting the then President was in the company of the late former Governor of Matabeleland North, Welshman Mabhena. Also there was the late Ernest Mthunzi, a Zimbabwean who was based in the United Kingdom and worked closely with the late VP Joshua Nkomo on some businesses and had interests in the timber industry. It was then agreed during the meeting that the President would use the memorial service to speak about the issue and that is when he said that period was a moment of madness that should never be repeated. He was to repeat the exact words a year later at another service held for Dr Joshua Nkomo.”
Mr Mnkandla, who recently returned to the country after spending some years in the United Kingdom said although former President Mugabe did not say “I am sorry” to him (Mnkandla) the former Head of State who spoke on behalf of the Government was “remorseful enough”.
He said: “To me he was remorseful and very honest. It was during that meeting at State House that he at once committed a sum of ZW$10 million, which was good money in those days for our committee to embark on an outreach programme on the Gukurahundi issue. It was also during that meeting that he said since the national budget was a few weeks away, he will talk to the Finance Minister, who then was Dr Herbert Murerwa to include money for what ever needed to be done in areas that were affected.”
However, Mr Mnkandla believes all that good work fell flat because of the person who was chosen as the intermediary between his committee and the Government.
“During the State House meeting, Cde Mugabe said we should not end the meeting without choosing a person who was going to be the link between my committee and the Government. I then suggested Welshman Mabhena, but Cde Mugabe said Mabhena had pressing assignments given to him and then we settled for someone else (politician from Matabeleland). That is where disaster struck. I have to be honest, the intermediary sabotaged that good work. The documents that we had crafted never reached Cde Mugabe because of him. We ended up not getting the money that we had been promised. Even when I left for the United Kingdom my committee did not press on with the issue. The problem probably was from this side.”
Mr Mnkandla said while he has been encouraged by moves by the new Government led by President Mnangagwa in resolving the issue, all that could come to naught if the people picked for that task do not work hard.
Recently while in Davos, Switzerland President Mnangagwa said he had signed the National Peace and Reconciliation Bill into law to, among other issues, tackle the emotive issue.
“From past experience I think the Government was genuine in resolving the issue and it is now. However, the new Government should choose people who are honest enough and are not the touch me not types, I mean people who are not too elitist. The Government should go for people who are in touch with the ordinary people and sensitive to their feelings,” said Mr Mnkandla who spent nine years in Rhodesian prisons during the liberation struggle.
“We need people with independent minds and are honest enough to assist the Government. As a nation we should deal with this issue once and for all.”
NORMAN, Okla. — Oklahoma's quarterback situation is not as settled as it seemed.
The Sooners are seeking a replacement for Heisman winner Baker Mayfield, and Kyler Murray and Austin Kendall are the top candidates for the job. Murray was the backup last season while Kendall redshirted. Based on Murray's outstanding work last season, it seemed he was the clear front-runner. Oklahoma coach Lincoln Riley said that's not the case.
“Austin has started to settle in this last half of spring,” Riley said after the spring game. “He's played really well. He did a lot of nice things today. It's neck-and-neck right now without a doubt.”
Much of the buildup during the spring had involved the quarterbacks, but neither was sharp during the spring game because of the wind. Murray completed just 11 of 21 passes for 85 yards and a touchdown and rushed nine times for 35 yards. Kendall completed 11 of 18 passes for 134 yards and a score.
Riley said the summer work both put in will be critical.
“We're going to have a ton of great film to go back through spring and evaluate what we've done well, what we need to do better,” he said. “I think they're continuing to learn about our personnel. We'll continue to narrow down the personnel for them, which makes it easier. So, yeah. It's a process. We're just kind of in the middle of it right now.”
REPLACING ANDREWS
Sophomore Grant Calcaterra will replace Mackey Award winner Mark Andrews at tight end. Calcaterra led the way with 59 yards and a touchdown receiving in the Spring Game.
“I'll just kind of step in and do exactly what he did,” Calcaterra said. “I don't think they're going to change anything with the offence. I think I'll kind of step into that tight end role and continue to try and do what he did here and leave my mark as well.”
OFFENSIVE LINE
One of the keys this spring was patching up an offensive line that lost All-American left tackle Orlando Brown to the NFL. Riley said Cody Ford, a 6-foot-4, 346-pound junior, was strong during the spring. He said Jonathan Alvarez and Creed Humphrey were solid, too.
KENNEDY BROOKS
The running back missed last season with a shoulder injury. He came back and rushed for 109 yards on 11 carries in the spring game. Oklahoma already had a crowded backfield with Rodney Anderson, Trey Sermon and Marcelias Sutton back, and newcomer T.J. Pledger in the mix. Riley made a point to talk Brooks up.
“He's got kind of a unique running style,” Riley said. “He kind of slides through there, it's kind of easy and all of a sudden he's out. He's pretty smooth. He's a really natural runner.”
MOBILE KENDALL
The perception has been that Murray is the runner and Kendall is the pocket passer, but Kendall showed some mobility in the Spring Game.
“He's a person that when he's back there, they're going to have to account for him,” Riley said of Kendall. “It's in a different way than Kyler, but certainly effective.”
SPRING GAME EVENT
The school went all out to make the spring game more of an event than in the past. A crowd of 52,102 fans attended. Trace Adkins had a pregame concert, and a statue of former coach Bob Stoops was unveiled and dedicated before the game. Former Sooners Adrian Peterson and Trent Williams were honorary coaches.
“This is an event where we got a lot done,” Riley said. “I think we'll continue to build on. I think it has a chance to get bigger and bigger not only for this football program, but also this university and our little part of the state here.”
——
Follow Cliff Brunt on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/CliffBruntAP
——
More AP college football: http://www.collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
Report: Chris Hogan to play vs. Dolphins
The New England Patriots will need all the help they can get on offense Monday night with Rob Gronkowski suspended, and they are hoping the return of Chris Hogan will help fill some of the void.
ESPN's Adam Schefter reports that Hogan, who has missed the last four games with a shoulder injury, is expected to play against the Miami Dolphins.
Patriots' WR Chris Hogan, who has missed the last four games with a shoulder injury, will play tonight vs. Miami Dolphins, per league source. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) December 11, 2017
Hogan has been with the Patriots the past two seasons, and he has become one of Tom Brady's most trusted targets. The 29-year-old caught five touchdown passes in eight games prior to injuring his shoulder.
Gronkowski is serving a one-game suspension for a vicious cheap shot on a Buffalo Bills defender last week, so New England will have to rely on its wide receivers and running game in Miami.
WASHINGTON — Before the last time the Rangers and Canadiens met in the playoffs, in the 2014 Eastern Conference finals, Henrik Lundqvist must have been reminded 100 times he had not won in cinq ans in Montreal.
But the King was victorious at the Habs' home rink in each of the first two games of the series, which the Rangers won in six games, so that should eliminate that five-year string of losses as a storyline leading into the first-round matchup between the clubs that will commence next week north of the border.
“The last time, both personally [and] as a team, we had so much focus on what we needed to do in order to win, that nothing else was a factor,” Lundqvist told The Post following Wednesday's 2-0 loss to the Capitals that guaranteed the matchup. “When we don't have that kind of focus in the kind of environment they have there in that building, sometimes we're all over the place and it gets out of hand.
“When you focus on the right things, it's easy to block everything else out. That's going to be our challenge. I'm looking forward to it. I'm sure we all are.”
Derek Stepan, who had his jaw broken on a Brandon Prust head-shot in Game 4 of the 2014 series, an act for which the former Ranger was suspended two matches, said the Rangers must respect the Canadiens as division champions.
“You've got two high-skilled teams with elite goalies,” Stepan said, alluding to Carey Price and Lundqvist. “They're a first-place team, we have to look at it like that. It's going to be a real tough task going into their building.”
The NBCSN cameras caught a pregame chat between Lundqvist and Alex Ovechkin while the goaltender stretched on his bench and the Great 8 was out for a spin. The exchange ended with Lundqvist laughing.
“I will keep that between myself and Ovie,” Lundqvist said when asked what prompted the laugh.
Ovechkin got the assist on Justin Williams' deflection of the Russian's power-play left-circle drive through the legs of Kevin Klein after originally having been credited with the goal that gave Washington a 1-0 lead at 14:49 of the second period. Evgeny Kuznetsov got the other one at 5:42 of the third.
The Rangers did not have a power play in the match, with the club's third too-many-men bench minor in the past nine games negating what would have become an early third-period man-advantage. … The Blueshirts, who have won just seven of 19 games (7-8-4) beginning Feb. 26, close out the season in Ottawa on Saturday afternoon and at home Sunday night against the Penguins.
Mark Allen held his nerve when it mattered most to seal a 10-8 win over qualifier Jimmy Robertson in his first round match at the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield.
Allen delivered a match-winning break of 97 to secure his passage into round two.
The Belfast player held a 5-4 advantage overnight and it was again nip and tuck in the deciding session.
A break of 62 put Robertson in front 6-5 but Allen, a semi-finalist at the Crucible in 2009, drew level twice more before hitting the front 8-7 with a break of 66.
His opponent won the next frame before Allen went back in front following breaks of 25 and 38 and then notched that decisive 97 break in the 19th frame.
Elsewhere, Marco Fu produced a remarkable comeback to reach the second round after defeating Luca Brecel in a final-frame 10-9 win.
The Hong Kong cueman was trailing 7-2 after the first session but soon hauled it back to 8-8 in the evening session as the Belgian struggled for momentum.
Brecel took the next to leave him one frame from victory but the world number eight reeled off breaks of 85 and 56 to clinch the last two and seal his place in the next round, where he will face either Thailand's Noppon Saengkham or former Crucible winner Neil Robertson.
Stuart Bingham became the fifth player to reach the second round with a 10-5 defeat of another former world champion - Peter Ebdon.
Bingham led the 2002 winner 5-4 overnight and edged the opening frame on Monday morning.
It proved significant as the 2015 champion lost only one of the next five frames as he set up a match against Kyren Wilson.
The 2005 world champion Shaun Murphy made hard work with his first round clash with 17-year-old qualifier Yan Bingtao before eventually coming away with a 10-8 victory.
Ding Junhui took control of his all-Chinese affair against Zhou Yuelong, building a 7-2 lead in the earlier session.
What the town does have is Shegog, the first black resident to win a seat on the City Council in 1987 and who became mayor in 2009.
He could have left after graduating from high school in 1971, like his classmates who moved 80 miles north to Memphis, or to Chicago and other big cities. But this small kingdom of cotton was home, the place that birthed the blues and where lush fields of soybean plants stretch in long, uniform rows like strings on the neck of a guitar.
"You got a lot of hardworking people here," Shegog says. "Proud people who make this home."
More than 50 years ago, under Jim Crow, Marks was riven by racism and railroad tracks. The whites lived on one side, where stately homes once owned by wealthy plantation owners still stand, and blacks lived meagerly on the other. While Marks and its leaders are now majority black, Shegog says it is the whites who used to run the town who failed Marks: They had no interest in improving the black neighborhoods, an area still marred by dozens of blighted properties and peeling shotgun houses. And there was no foresight to diversify Marks' economy, as most farm work became mechanized in the early 1960s.
Today the town has a McDonald's, a Family Dollar and a Dollar General — retail pillars of a low-wage landscape.
With many white residents having fled, "blacks today have the political power, but were left with no economic power," Shegog says. "And if you have a job, it's not a living wage."
What would turn the town's fortunes around? More jobs, the mayor says. But from where? When Donald Trump tweeted before the 2016 presidential election that "so many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise," that pledge didn't register in Quitman County, where Hillary Clinton won easily.
"He's not talking about this place," says Shegog, whose attention has more recently turned to an opioid epidemic making inroads in Quitman.
Some of the remaining white residents of Marks say they're not shielded from the hardships. A "For Sale" sign hangs in the window of the Pizza Pro, one of a handful of businesses in Marks' sparse downtown. Owner Paula Walters, 67, says she wants to retire, but there have been no takers.
"I'm going to get rich when I'm in heaven," Walters, a proud Baptist, says as she waits for the garlic knots to brown. "The streets are going to be gold."
Other residents are looking for their payday now.
Green, the grandmother with the living room-store whom kids call the Candy Lady, owes thousands on a home loan she took to fix up the house her mother left her when she died in 2004. She brings in some extra cash with the shop she runs out of her home, but after paying for the food and the gas to drive to the grocery store, she barely makes a dent in the debt.
Asked how much she has in savings, she says zero. Green lived in Dallas before returning to Marks to take care of her mother and aunt, and back then was working customer service jobs to pay her bills. But finding something like that in the Delta "is like pulling hen's teeth," she says.
"Just trying to survive, 'cause thriving don't seem to be an option," Green says. "But surviving — I'mma do that one way or another."
A search for solutions in Marks
The extreme poverty of many residents in Marks is not unique to this slice of the Delta or even the Deep South. It can be found in South Texas along the Mexico border, in the Navajo Nation in the West and the heart of Appalachia in eastern Kentucky — communities with relatively small populations, but where generations have resisted the pull of big cities in favor of open land.
"You should care because these are Americans. They deserve all the rights and privileges that go with being an American citizen," says Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., whose district includes Marks. "If they choose to live in an area like Marks, there should be givens: running water, access to sewage, roads, just like other areas. Just because there are not as many people doesn't mean that you can't provide that kind of investment. You got to have a decent quality of life."
Wales make a stunning start to the 2018 Six Nations as they thrash Scotland in a 34-7 bonus-point win at the Principality Stadium.
MATCH REPORT: Six Nations - Wales 34-7 Scotland
WATCH MORE:Can England make Six Nations history?
Moringa India have laid down Design Principles for Establishment a Profitable, Productive, & Sustainable Moringa Farm business for production of leaves and Seed oil
Jaipur, India (PRUnderground) April 17th, 2017
The Advanced Biofuel Center(ABC) is delighted to announce the 2 Day Moringa State of Art International Workshop viz. 5th Global Moringa Meet – 2017 to be held on 25- 26 November 2017 at Jaipur, India. India meets more than 80% demand of Moringa Products and thereby enjoying dominant position in the World Moringa Scenario. The global Moringa Products market estimated to be over US$ 4.5 billion is highly dependent on India. ABC in its attempt to bring the Moringa fraternity together is organizing this 2017 International workshop to deliberate and focus on the growing and harvesting Moringa. These 2 days International workshop will also provide a unique opportunity for open discussions & exchange of views about the issues pertaining to Moringa business
ABC intend to create a global platform for the governments, business community, civil society groups and academia around the globe to address the issues of sustainable development, contribute in marking priority areas to build upon commitments that will support deliver lasting progress for everyone.
Moringa oleifera L (Moringaceae) has been identified as a multipurpose versatile plant with enormous economic, nutritional, health and biofuel potentials. It is the most widely cultivated species of a monogeneric family (Moringaceae,) that is native to the sub-Himalayan tracts of India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Uganda, Afghanistan. This rapidly-growing tree (also known as the horseradish tree, drumstick tree), is said to have been used by the ancient Romans, Greeks and Egyptians for the treatment and prevention of health ailments, cosmetic and beauty purposes.
2 Day State Of Art International Workshop On Moringa Production & Application
For Successful Development Of Moringa Oleifera Agricultural Projects For Food, Feed, Fuel And Wellness Of People & Planet
Interactive Sessions on:
Moringa Biodiversity to design crops
Potential species, selection methods, Gremplasm, Genomic, Genetic Improvement & Propagation
Moringa Production systems
Biology & Physiology, Soil Management, Agronomy, Horticulture- Orchard Design & Management, Harvesting, drying, extraction
Moringa Processing
· Leave, Powder, oil & Biodiesel
Moringa in Agriculture
· Plant protection, animal health, soil conditioning
Moringa in Food Supplement
· Health food additives
Moringa in Medical
· Health-promoting Properties
Moringa in cosmetics
· Beauty promoting properties
Moringa Biodiesel
Oil technology & Quality, Economy & Marketing,
Moringa has demonstrated a favourable response to many of the practices and techniques currently used in agriculture, but research is needed to understand its unique properties that can be manipulated to coax the crop to reach its fullest potential. Among agronomic questions that can only be readily got answered in the programme with assurance are:
Biology, Biodiversity & Physiology
· Gremplasm, Genomic, Genetic Improvement & Propagation
Horticulture
· Farm Design & Management
Agronomics and sustainability
· R&D status, available varieties, yield, optimal conditions
· Greenhouse gas benefits
Economics
· Economy, Marketing & Health-promoting Properties
· financing requirements of large scale projects
· is this industry attracting the needed capitals?
· Carbon credits
· Existence of meaningful supply chains
· Market demand and its perspectives: Food, Fodder, health, cosmetic
Scale
· Moringa Oil and Oil technology & Quality
Next Generation Biofuels Feedstock
Who should attend?
The Forming and Managing Supply Chains in Agribusiness learning package helps managers to learn what is required to “handcraft” their own supply chain as a way of improving their Moringa crop enterprise's chances of success. The package would be of interest to anyone in the Moringa crop development process, but is specially targeted at those who are close to the full commercialization stage. 2017 Global Moringa Meet shall Highlight the updated research and technology; Experts will meet to reveal the latest developments in Moringa research, the newest agricultural, horticultural, harvesting and modification techniques, and tell how the process can be scaled up. It will provide an excellent opportunity to the investors, entrepreneurs, renewable fuel experts, their associates and academia to share their experiences and knowledge on Moringa. It will give them an excellent opportunity to know more about the latest research and developments in production .The Programme would cover all the topics related to Moringa Industry
5th Global Moringa Meet – 2017 will have the unfolding of the latest status of Moringa farming to lucrative market of nutraceuticals and to develop new business avenues and also to strengthen the existing ones.
This is a NOT to be MISSED Opportunity to new growers to start MORINGA BUSINESS
Seize this opportunity to begin business with Moringa and REGISTER Today
Please Pre-register here for further details and obtaining registration form.
Please contact via e-mail or telephone for further details and obtaining registration form.
Dp Maharshi
MORINGA INDIA
(The Superfood Company)
ADVANCED BIOFUEL CENTER
(Building a Better Tomorrow)
About MORINGA INDIA
Moinga India is making huge efforts, experiments, research to harness the harnessing the “superfood” powers of Moringa oleifera, a drought-resistant tree native to North India and widely used throughout the topics for in solving this global problem.
Moringa shows great promise as a tool to help overcome some of the most severe problems in the developing world—malnutrition, deforestation, impure water and poverty. The tree does best in the dry regions where these problems are worst. Green leafy vegetables and fruits supply much needed essential micro-nutrients like beta-carotene [vitamin A], vitamin C, folic acid, and also calcium and potassium. Moringa leaves in particular are a rich, inexpensive source of micro-nutrients. Although few people have ever heard of it today, Mission Moringa India is to establish the Moringa to become one of the world's most valuable plants, at least in humanitarian terms
Moringa India has been formed to identify the factors limiting the adoption and use of the Moringa Tree for Agricultural Development for Producing Biodiesel and to explore the important role Moringa play in the lives of rural people and the global economy deliberating advancement of existing and future agricultural development projects. It's experience, expertise, and views about Moringa and its use for agriculture development for the purposes of reducing hunger and poverty and formulate strategies for developing moringa failsafe farms and also helps new growers to have holistic information on moringa crop with academic research activities in Agronomy, Horticulture, and Biology, industrial practices in biofuels , Marketing and Financial aspects of Moringa commercialization. It will be a great pleasure to share the up-to-date advances in both fundamental researches and engineering practices, and to project the areas where we may contribute to to harness the full potential of moringa for betterment of people and planet
Moringa India is one of the largest growers of Moringa Oleifera and maintains Moringa farms in scientific manner. With its extensive experiences in the field, enhanced technology, plant science & professional knowledge, effective consulting service and business intelligence, Moringa India has developed a set of tools/service to develop Moringa business from soil to superfood, from farming to fuel
1. Open Secrets, Alice Munro. I think there is a Munro Effect: A reader is initially lulled into thinking that a storyline is dull but it is only when the short story is about to end that he finally begins to see how he is completely immersed in the Munronian world.
2. Discontent and Its Civilizations: Dispatches from Lahore, New York, and London. Mohsin Hamid. The novelist as essayist treats the readers with his fascinating views on literature, politics during the War on Terror, and the ‘discontents' of globalization.
3. People On Our Side, Edgar Snow. Difficult to read because of the horrors it exposed during the war against Fascism. An important historical record of Soviet military victory and China's political situation in the 1940s.
4. What is Philosophy? Martin Heidegger. Who better to introduce philosophical concepts like being and truth than the great philosopher himself?
5. Beethoven Was One-Sixteenth Black and Other Stories, Nadine Gordimer. The stories here reflect the lives of South Africans during the post-apartheid era; but also a poignant portrayal of the human condition.
6. Ill Fares the Land, Tony Judt. The historian explaining the roots of our economic uncertainties, a progressive critique of modern politics and the socialist alternative.
7. Interpreter of Maladies, Jhumpa Lahiri. Stories of migrant families, Indians inhabiting strange places, individuals connecting with fellow human beings.
8. Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship, Marriage: Stories, Alice Munro. Love for all ages, romantic relationships that defy stereotypes, stories that affirm the enduring power of humanity.
9. The Tao of Pooh, Benjamin Hoff. Eastern philosophy introduced to the general public in a creative and entertaining format
10. Death with Interruptions, Jose Saramago. Always impressed with the imagination of the author, his realistic depiction of the social condition, his belief in the strength of individuals.
11. Babae, Obrera, Unyonista: Ang Kababaihan sa Kilusang Paggawa sa Maynila (1901-1941), Judy Taguiwalo. The situation of women workers and the role of unionism during the first half of the 20th century.
12. The Book and the Brotherhood, Iris Murdoch. Less about the Marxist book in the novel but more about the ‘brotherhood' of intellectuals, their middle-class/middle-age issues, and how they tried to overcome the crisis in their lives. Typical Murdochian.
13. Mrs. Dalloway, Virginia Woolf. First-person narrative of what transpired on a single day in early 20th century London.
14. This Side of Paradise, F. Scott Fitzgerald. The world of a privileged young intellectual in pre-depression America.
15. Hidden From History: 300 Years of Women's Oppression and the Fight Against It, Sheila Rowbotham. A short course on the early history of the women's movement.
16. Displaying Filipinos: Photography and Colonialism in Early 20th Century Philippines, Benito M. Vergara Jr. An exposition of the colonial uses of various technological apparatuses.
17. The Best of A. Lipin, Jess Abrera. Philippine history in the past three decades through the political cartoons published by the country's leading newspaper.
18. Philosophy Today #1, Jerry H. Gill. Bonus material here is an essay by philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein.
19. Ang Hayop na Ito! Virgilio S. Almario. Not just for kids but also for everybody who wants to appreciate folk history and poetry.
20. The New Imperialism, David Harvey. Dissecting the militarism of the United States, the politics of empire building, and the global contradictions it engenders.
21. Love in the Time of Cholera, Gabriel García Márquez. The social history of a previous era through the perspective of a man determined to win the love of his life.
22. The Little Prince, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. The touching story of a dreamer, an imaginative sketch of our world, a plea for hope.
23. Tales for Little Rebels: A Collection of Radical Children's Literature, Julia L. Mickenberg. An overview of literature intended to educate a new generation of progressives. Interestingly, the previously ‘radical literature' is now part of mainstream culture. An obvious legacy of radicalism in contemporary society.
24. Greenwash: The Reality Behind Corporate Environmentalism, Jed Greer. Beware of so-called green initiatives which mask the plunder and dirty activities committed by transnational companies and their local apologists.
25. Planet of Slums, Mike Davis. Unmasking the real impact of capitalism and blind worship of the free market in urban societies.
26. The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream, Barack Obama. Here is Senator Obama unveiling his liberalness, his confident belief that he is an agent of progressive change. An overview of American electoral politics.
27. Sebyo, Carlos Humberto. A proletarian novel elucidating the principles of the national democratic struggle amid the decay of Philippine society.
28. The Point is to Change it: An Introduction to Marxist Philosophy, John Molyneux. Suggested reading material for all those who want to learn more about Marxism, its basic tenets, historical legacy, and continuing relevance.
29. Chronicles of Interesting Times, Gregorio C. Brillantes. Creative non-fiction essays on Philippine history, literature, and politics.
30. In the People's Republic: An American's First-Hand View of Living and Working in China, Orville Schell. An American academic narrating his observations of China during the Cultural Revolution.
31. Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business, Neil Postman. Written three decades ago but still applicable today as TV continues to deaden the minds of the future generation.
32. Republic or Empire: American Resistance to the Philippine War, Daniel B. Schirmer. Not all Americans supported the invasion of the Philippines. This book tells the story of the anti-imperialist movement which made a huge impact on American politics.
33. Recapturing Democracy: Neoliberalization and the Struggle for Alternative Urban Futures, Mark Purcell. Useful text to understand how neoliberal economics is destroying cities and how the grassroots can challenge the dominant pro-business paradigm.
34. Daughter of Fortune, Isabel Allende. The California Gold Rush made alive through the stories of migrants, adventurers, fortune-seekers, natives, people of color, lovers.
35. Undermining Patrimony: The Large-Scale Mining Plunder in Mindanao and the People's Struggle and Resistance, Rural Missionaries of the Philippines. Unique for highlighting the struggles of the Lumad and the people of Mindanao against corporate mining. Unique because it featured testimonies from NPA leaders.
36. How to Write a Thesis, Umberto Eco. And also for those not writing a thesis but want to pursue research and other types of writing.
37. China and Socialism: Market Reforms and Class Struggle, Martin Hart-Landsberg. China is no longer adhering to socialist aims and more importantly, its market-driven reforms are destroying the lives of the poor not just in rural China but also in neighboring countries.
38. The Bell, Iris Murdoch. Individuals dealing with various psychological problems as they try to build a religious community. A novel, a semi-philosophical treatise, a Murdochian book.
39. The Name of the Rose, Umberto Eco. Historical novel about a murder in a medieval abbot. But the book is also a comment on modern scholarship.
40. The Old Man and the Sea, Ernest Hemingway. While reading the book, what I imagined were the childhood trips we took in a small fishing village in Unisan, Quezon
41. Sociology in the Age of the Internet, Allison Cavanagh. The author covers many topics that continue to engage academics about the sociological impact of the Internet in our world today.
42. The Pristine Culture of Capitalism: A Historical Essay on Old Regimes and Modern States, Ellen Meiksins Wood. An alternative reading of British capitalism, the formation of the capitalist state, and the rise of global capitalism.
43. The Zinn Reader: Writings on Disobedience and Democracy, Howard Zinn. Historian and activist exposing the myths of American propaganda, defending radicalism, and exhorting the people to continue the struggle for real democracy.
44. My Century, Günter Grass. A hundred years of German history from various witnesses.
45. Welcome to the Urban Revolution, Jeb Brugmann. An optimistic view of the urban revolution, a reminder for policymakers to balance the profit-motive with the need to co-develop societies with ordinary stakeholders.
46. Diego Rivera: A Revolutionary Spirit in Modern Art, Andrea Kettenmann. Portrait of an artist as an independence advocate, communist sympathizer, and communist cadre.
47. Einstein and Relativity, Paul Strathern. My problem is that before I read this brief profile about Einstein and his theories, I stumbled upon an article alleging that the scientific contributions of Einstein's wife were ignored by mainstream scholarship.
Mong Palatino is a Filipino activist and former legislator. Email: mongpalatino@gmail.com
Work by students on the Photojournalism & Documentary Photography degree course at the London College of Communication is now on show in London, here is a selection of pictures from some of those who have graduated.
Image copyright Roisin Savage
The last winter, by Roisin Savage
Roisìn Savage focused her project on the small Scottish town of Aviemore, where a working British dog sled centre can be found in the Rothiemurchus Estate.
The Cairngorm Sleddog Centre, home to Alaskan husky sled dogs, has been run by Alan and Fiona Stewart for nearly 20 years.
Changes in the climate in the Scottish Highlands mean that snow and temperatures are no longer suitable for the couple's livelihood. They decided that the winter of 2017-18 was their final season running the dog sledding centre.
Image copyright noor-u-Nisa Khan
Displaced, by Noor-U-Nisa Khan
Noor-U-Nisa Khan has explored the way organisations help displaced Syrian refugees.
Families for Freedom, pictured above, aim to travel the world in a double-decker bus, covered in pictures of the passengers' missing family members.
They plan to finish their travels in Damascus, where they hope to be reunited with those who are missing.
Khan says: "As viewers to the Syrian war, we have become desensitised to the images we see on the news... we easily forget that lives are being destroyed beyond our TV screens.
"The Syrians who are lucky to escape still have stories to tell."
Image copyright JAIME-LEA TAYLOR
Great Yarmouth "The finest place in The universe", by Jaime-lea Taylor
Jaime-lea Taylor wanted to document Great Yarmouth to reflect the town's far-reaching history, which has an early reference in the Domesday Book of 1086.
Taylor says: "This is a closer look at a town often dismissed, standing defiantly on the far east of England, waiting to be rediscovered and celebrated as it should be."
Image copyright Domizia Salusest
I make a home where I live, by Domizia Salusest
Domizia Salusest wanted to highlight issues in the UK's housing system, where vulnerable individuals are moved from one unstable home to another.
Salusest says: "It is not uncommon for tenants to be stuck in unsafe and overcrowded conditions for years. This vicious cycle can cause serious mental health issues in both adults and children.
"There are stories hidden behind the statistics. There are humans."
Image copyright Florrie Barber
In search of adventures under the guise of helping others, by Florrie Barber
Florrie Barber highlighted the explosion in thrill-seekers who seek adventures in the wilderness, which Barber believes has been fuelled by social media images of outdoor activities.
The rise in the numbers of adventurers has led to an increase in Mountain Rescue emergency call-outs in the British hills.
Barber documented unpaid volunteer Mountain Rescue Teams in the UK, who work round the clock to ensure the safety of hikers.
Image copyright Karolina Tornqvist
Journey, by Karolina Tornqvist
The mountains of the Altai region of Mongolia were the setting for Karolina Tornqvist's final degree project.
Following a drop in temperature and the melting of snow, the photojournalist joined families and their herds on part of their 300km journey as they returned to the Altai Mountains.
Tornqvist says that the Kazakh families travel much of the journey by truck, however, the livestock have to be herded by foot across the vast landscapes, where temperatures can drop as low as -45C in the peaks.
Image copyright Jake Saville
Hiraeth, by Jake Saville
Jake Saville set out to document the communities that have been hit hard by the demise of the mining industries in the South Wales valleys.
Hiraeth, the name of the project, is a Welsh phrase with no direct English translation, but is associated with homesickness, yearning and longing.
Saville says: "Hiraeth gives the valleys the dignity they deserve by capturing the true sense of belonging which all people in the valleys feel towards their home."
Image copyright Baldassare Sciacca
Meet, by Baldassare Sciacca
Baldassare Sciacca's portrait series "Meet" explores the power relation between two species.
Sciacca says: "Meet can be viewed as an observation of different contexts in which human-animal relations are formed."
Image copyright Anita Israel
Muhiriga, by Anita Israel
Kenyan-born Anita Israel says that the aim of her series Muhiriga was to "portray the African woman in her truest form, natural hair, no make-up, dark, skin glowing".
Israel's family was part of a tribe in Kenya. She says: "The Kikuyu tribe are the largest, most populous tribe in Kenya. The word 'Muhiriga' comes from the Kikuyu language and when translated means 'Clan'.
"Without the powerful female influences I had growing up, I wouldn't be who, or where I am today."
Image copyright Sebastian Garraway
Peckham, by Sebastian Garraway
Sebastian Garraway documented gentrification and development in Peckham, London.
Garraway says: "Peckham has always been subject to changing demographics with the ebb and flow of wealth and labour demands, but now faces a different threat that has the potential to sterilise a community just as has been done elsewhere in London, removing all characteristics that make this city unique."
Image copyright Nathan De Ruwe
Sri Paripoorna Sanathana Charitable Trust, by Nathan De Ruwe
The inequality between private and public healthcare in India was Nathan De Ruwe's focus for his final year degree project.
De Ruwe says: "Throughout India, charities started taking it upon themselves to create institutions that are able to provide medical treatment for those who do not have the luxury of being able to travel long distances and can't afford private hospitals.
"The Sri Paripoorna Sanathana Charitable Trust was founded with the primary purpose to offer free medical treatment to those in need."
Image copyright Marcin Nowak
The Białowieza uprising, by Marcin Nowak
Marcin Nowak sought to raise awareness of the tripling of loggings in the Bialowieza Forest in Poland, announced by the Environment Minister Jan Szyszko in March 2016.
The increase in the cutting down of trees was said to be because of an infestation of the European spruce bark beetle
Nowak said: "We are living in a world which is aiming towards self-destruction."
Image copyright Xingkun Yang
The invisible, by Xingkun Yang
"For centuries, homeless people have been a photographic cliche," photojournalist Xingkun Yang explains, "however, this should not be an excuse for choosing to ignore the issue."
Yang met with 30 homeless people, spending time sitting and eating with them as well as sleeping alongside them outdoors.
"I discovered that the lives of the homeless have so much in common with our lives, like struggling with the fate of some never-ending life spiral.
"They are the refugees of this city, as well as the ones who truly have their freedom, even though the cost of this freedom is sometimes enormous."
The LCC Degree Shows 2018 runs until 2 June.
Myers graduates from Berea
Bethany Myers of Lynchburg graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree at the commencement service on Sunday, May 6. 2018, at 2:00 p.m. at Berea College.
Cedarville Dean's List
The following local students achieved the dean's list for the 2018 spring semester at Cedarville University: Brittney Brown of Hillsboro, Emily Myers of Hillsboro and Marshall Pickering of Leesburg. Students named to the list maintained a 3.5 GPA while taking at least 12 credit hours from Cedarville University.
Eight yellow cards. A head-butt. Yelling players surrounding the referee. Gamesmanship and spikiness across the pitch. Decided on a penalty shoot-out, the World Cup drama of England beating Colombia would have been better without the ugliness. Among those who thought so: Colombia star Radamel Falco, who was particularly frustrated with American referee Mark Geiger.
“I found it peculiar that they put an American referee in this instance,” Falco told reporters afterward. “To tell you the truth, the process leaves a lot of doubts. He only spoke English, some bias was certain. Through small calls he was pushing us [toward] our goal, that was clear for me.
“The referee disturbed us a lot, in the 50-50 plays, he always made the calls in favor of England. This situation was undermining us. He didn't act with the same criteria for both teams. When in doubt he always went to the England side. It's shameful that this happens in the round of 16 of a World Cup.”
Struggling at times to keep control of the game, Geiger dished out six yellow cards to Colombian players.
Four of them were in a particularly ill-disciplined 12-minute second-half spell that included Colombia midfielder Carlos Sanchez wrestling England striker Harry Kane to the ground on a set-piece in the penalty box. Kane scored from the spot.
“There were so many interruptions in the game, far too many interruptions,” Colombia coach Jose Pekerman said. “That hasn't been good for us. It's hurt our side a lot.”
The two England players cautioned were Jordan Henderson and Jesse Lingard.
Wilmar Barrios got the first yellow card, after he butted his head into Henderson's chest and then his chin. The England midfielder fell to the ground theatrically.
England manager Gareth Southgate defended his players' behavior.
“If we were down, it was because we were fouled,” he said.
“There were many, many fouls in the game and I don't think we conceded anywhere near the number of our opponents. … I'm proud of the discipline. We kept our composure in a really difficult environment and we deserved to win.”
— With AP
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
5:16 Finding Answers in a Ship Full of Migrants' Bodies
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
We have an update on the war on drugs in western Kentucky.
Funding for task forces across the country is tied up because of an ongoing federal lawsuit.
Now, at least one county has stepped up by loaning thousands of dollars.
Henderson County's fiscal court was all in favor of approving a $10,000 loan.
That money is on its way to the Pennyrile Narcotics task force. Without it, leaders say the agency was only weeks away from suspending work surviving on the value of property seized during drug investigations.
The Pennyrile Narcotics Task Force, which serves 11 western Kentucky counties, was running out of cash.
They're one of several agencies forced to find other funding streams while money remains tied up at the federal level because of a lawsuit regarding sanctuary cities.
"It's frustrating to know the money is sitting in an account somewhere, but due to red tape and federal squabbling, the money isn't being released," Henderson County Sheriff Ed Brady said.
The agency put together in the late 80s is designed to help smaller police agencies with their drug investigations.
"We paid money a year ago to join the Pennyrile Narcotics Task Force, and I wasn't going to go back and ask for more," Brady continued.
To bridge the gap, Henderson County fiscal court unanimously approved a $10,000 loan.
Sheriff Brady says in a year, they've more than tripled the amount of drug-related arrests because of the task force, and he recalls a recent conversation with Judge Executive Brad Schneider.
"Much to his credit, he called one day and said, 'I know they're important; what we got to do to keep them open?' I said, 'We've got to have funding,'" Brady said.
Christian County, the largest of the 11, is also considering loaning an additional $10,000 which is expected to keep the agency afloat for at least three more months.
That money is expected to be paid right back when the federal money is released, but it's unclear when that might be.
Copyright 2018 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Ask anyone under 25 if they've heard of Billy Squier, and the answer is likely no. But that doesn't mean they haven't heard him. Squier has one of the most...
Former Ranger Artem Anisimov scored on a rebound at 1:15 of overtime and the Blackhawks rallied for a 3-2 win on Friday night at Prudential Center, handing the Devils their...
Heart attacks and strokes fell by more than 6 percent three years after some New York counties banned trans fats, researchers reported Wednesday.
A national ban on trans fats starts in 2018 and the study by a team at Yale University shows it may not only cut deaths, but non-fatal heart attacks and strokes as well.
Trans fats, found in oils used to make cookies, crackers, microwave popcorn and to fry fast food, stay fresh longer than liquid fats. But the chemical process used to make them solid like butter also makes them clog arteries just like butter or lard does.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Study: There's Proof That Reducing Trans Fat Intake Improves Health 1:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
New York cities and counties were among the first to start banning them in restaurants and fast-food outlets. "New York City was the first large metropolitan area in the United States to restrict trans fats in eateries, starting July 2007," the researchers wrote in their report in the Journal of the American Medical Association's JAMA Cardiology.
Related: FDA to Limit Trans Fats in Foods
Dr. Eric Brandt, of the Yale University School of Medicine, and colleagues checked medical records to see if it made any real difference. It did, they reported.
They compared counties where there were bans to counties where there were not.
"There was an additional 6.2 percent decline in hospital admissions for myocardial infarction (heart attack) and stroke among populations living in counties with vs without trans-fatty acid restrictions," they wrote.
"A nationwide trans fat ban is a win for the millions of people at risk for cardiovascular disease," Brandt said in a statement.
French fries that were made in trans fat-free cooking oil are poured from the fryer in Newark, New Jersey on Feb. 16, 2007. Mike Derer / AP file
The team did not measure deaths but lower rates of strokes and heart attacks have been shown in many studies to results in lower rates of deaths, as well.
The Food and Drug Administration has ruled that partially hydrogenated oils are no longer "generally recognized as safe" or GRAS. That means that after 2018, food manufacturers would have to ask the FDA for permission to use them in food products.
Trans fats are formed when liquid oils are chemically altered using a process called hydrogenization. This makes them similar to butter or lard. But the process almost makes these fats at least as unhealthy as, if not more unhealthy than, saturated fats.
The food industry and even health advocates at first thought they were better for health. It wasn't until the 1980s that medical research began to show clearly that they are not.
Related: What's So Bad About Trans Fats?
The debate confused the U.S. public, and many people still believe that butter is better for health than margarine. That may have been true of the old margarines made using hydrogenated oils, but it's less true now. Butter does raise bad cholesterol, but margarines made using unsaturated fats and polyunsaturated fats do not.
“ A nationwide trans fat ban is a win for the millions of people at risk for cardiovascular disease.”
The FDA estimates that 80 percent of trans fats are already gone from U.S. foods.
Good substitutes for partially hydrogenated fats and saturated fats are liquid oils such as olive oil, canola oil and safflower oil.
"Consumption of trans-fatty acids is associated with unfavorable physiologic changes, including reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL or 'good') cholesterol and increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL or 'bad') cholesterol levels, triglycerides, markers of systemic inflammation (C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and tumor necrosis factor α), and endothelial cell dysfunction," the team wrote.
Related: New York City Bans Trans Fats
In other words, they clog arteries and make blood vessels unhealthy and inflamed.
Studies have shown that when people eat even small amounts, they have a higher risk of stroke, heart disease and sudden heart death.
Just 2 grams of trans fats can raise a person's risk, the researchers said. And it's easy to get that much.
"For example, a large order of Popeye's Louisiana Kitchen cajun fries contains 3.5 g of trans-fatty acids per serving, Taco Bell's Cinnabon Delights (12-pack) contain 2.0 g of trans-fatty acids per serving, and multiple varieties of Pillsbury Shape sugar cookies contain 2.5 g of trans-fatty acids per serving," they wrote.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Seven level 1 coach candidates and three coach educators have qualified from a course held at the Ullevål Stadium in Oslo.
The trio of educators – Dave Hunter, Isaac Schmidt and Joshua Hornby – have been added to the RLEF technical portal, which is a part EU-funded Training and Education project, and they will next attend a level 2 educator course in Serbia in July.
Slobodan Manak, the Serbian Rugby League Federation's lead educator, also attended to increase his experience of delivery. “I was positively and pleasantly surprised by the performance of the participants on the level 1 course,” said Manak. “It was very good group, full of creativity. Norway has a bright future if these candidates start to practise what they learned and continue to spread the word.”
Leif Nilsen from Kragero Rugby League, commented, “This was an excellent course and I learned a lot. It involved a perfect combination of theory and practical skills and has already helped me to become a better coach. All of the participants were very motivated. That resulted in some interesting conversations in the classroom and lots of fun in the gymnasium. I'm sure everyone who attended walked away as better coaches.”
(AP Photo/David Dermer). New York Yankees relief pitcher David Robertson looks back at the dugout after giving up a solo home run to Cleveland Indians' Jay Bruce in the eighth inning of Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Series, Friday, Oct....
(AP Photo/David Dermer). New York Yankees' Todd Frazier stands on the pitcher's mound after being stranded at third base in the ninth inning against the Cleveland Indians in Game 2 of a baseball American League Division Series, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in...
(AP Photo/David Dermer). Cleveland Indians' Edwin Encarnacion grimaces after rolling his ankle trying to get back to second base in the second inning against the New York Yankees in Game 2 of a baseball American League Division Series, Friday, Oct. 6, ...
(AP Photo/David Dermer). Cleveland Indians' Francisco Lindor, right, is congratulated by Carlos Santana after Lindor hit a grand slam off New York Yankees relief pitcher Chad Green in the sixth inning of Game 2 of baseball's American League Division Se...
(AP Photo/Phil Long). Cleveland Indians' Francisco Lindor reacts after hitting a grand slam off New York Yankees relief pitcher Chad Green during the sixth inning of Game 2 of a baseball American League Division Series, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Clevela...
By TOM WITHERSAP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - Yan Gomes singled home Austin Jackson from second base with none out in the 13th inning as the Cleveland Indians rallied from five runs down to stun the New York Yankees 9-8 Friday and snatch a 2-0 lead in the AL Division Series.
Jackson drew a leadoff walk in the 13th from Dellin Betances and stole second. Gomes went to a full count before pulling his bouncer just inside the third-base bag, easily scoring Jackson. The Indians poured out of their dugout to mob Gomes, who ended the 5-hour, 8-minute thriller.
"We just were supposed to win," said Indians outfielder Jay Bruce, who hit a game-tying homer in the eighth. "No words, honestly. I'm speechless."
The Indians posted their biggest comeback win in postseason history, overcoming an 8-3 deficit, a terrible start by ace Corey Kluber and a potentially serious injury to slugger Edwin Encarnacion.
Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth to rally Cleveland, right after a close call on a hit by pitch that the Yankees didn't challenge.
New York had its chances late, but the Yankees stranded the go-ahead run at third in the ninth and 10th - and had pinch-runner Ronald Torreyes picked off second in the 11th by Gomes from the behind the plate.
Cleveland will try for a sweep in Game 3 Sunday at Yankee Stadium. Carlos Carrasco is set to start for the Indians against Masahiro Tanaka.
As they've done so many times in a season becoming more special by the day, the defending AL champions battled back and can now put the Yankees away in New York - just as they did in the 2007 ALDS.
Josh Tomlin, who had been scheduled to start later in the series, pitched two perfect innings for the win.
Aaron Hicks hit a three-run homer off Kluber and Gary Sanchez and Greg Bird hit two-run shots for the Yankees, who may have caught a bad break before Lindor's homer.
New York's Aaron Judge went 0 for 3 and is hitless in seven at-bats in the series with five strikeouts.
The Yankees lost consecutive games for the first time since they were swept at home in a three-game series by the Indians from Aug. 28-30. Now, they need to sweep three in a row from Cleveland.
Down 8-3, facing New York's vaunted bullpen, the Indians came back.
New York starter CC Sabathia was lifted with one on and one out in the sixth for Chad Green, another one of the Yankees' flame-throwers who got an out before Gomes doubled. Green came inside and Lonnie Chisenhall was awarded first by plate umpire Dan Iassogna on a hit by pitch.
TV replays showed the ball slightly change direction - it appeared to hit the knob of Chisenhall's bat.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said there wasn't enough evidence within 30 seconds to justify a challenge. He said the team later saw a slow-motion replay suggesting he should've contested the call, but it was too late.
Lindor then stepped in and hit a towering shot off the inside of the right-field foul pole to make it 8-7, triggering a seismic celebration.
As Lindor rounded the bases with Cleveland's first postseason slam since Jim Thome in 1999, Progressive Field shook the way it did last November when Rajai Davis hit a two-run homer in eighth inning of Game 7 off Aroldis Chapman, then with the Cubs and now closing for the Yankees.
When Lindor reached the plate, he wrapped his arms around Jason Kipnis waiting in the batter's box.
Bruce, who has done everything since coming over in an August trade, led off the eighth with his homer to left off reliever David Robertson, who pitched 3 1-3 scoreless innings and earned the win in the wild-card game over Minnesota.
Bruce ripped a 3-1 pitch into the left-field bleachers to tie it. When he reached second, Lindor was out of the dugout waving around his teammate as the Indians had caught the Yankees.
Five innings later, the Indians finally broke the tie. They matched the longest postseason game in Cleveland history - Tony Pena's homer in the 13th beat Boston in Game 1 of the 1995 ALDS.
Kluber wasn't himself. Not even close.
The right-hander, who led the AL in wins, ERA and intimidation, didn't get out of the third inning as Francona pulled him after allowing Hicks' three-run homer.
It was the shortest outing this season for Kluber, and as he slowly walked off the mound, Cleveland's stunned crowd gave him a polite ovation and several teammates approached him to offer consolation.
This was a shocker to the Indians, who started Trevor Bauer in the opener so they could bring back Kluber in Game 2 and then use him again if the series goes five games. But after the way the Yankees roughed up their ace, Cleveland's plans appear flawed.
The Indians tied it 2-2 in the first, but lost Encarnacion.
Sabathia gave up a two-out walk and hit Encarnacion on the right knee to load the bases before Carlos Santana followed with a two-run single.
Bruce followed with a liner up the middle that was gloved by leaping shortstop Didi Gregorius, who dived headfirst into second to try and double up Encarnacion. Cleveland's free-swinging DH scrambled back, but jammed his foot into the base and rolled his ankle badly.
Encarnacion stayed on the ground and rolled around in the infield dirt in obvious pain while waiting for medical attention. He was helped to his feet and had to be assisted off the field, but not after stopping halfway to the dugout because he was in such discomfort.
Encarnacion is the biggest bat in Cleveland's lineup - he hit 38 homers with 107 RBIs this season - and the Indians aren't the same without him.
BRANTLEY'S RETURN
Sidelined for Cleveland's deep postseason run in 2016, Michael Brantley is along for the ride this year and the plan - before Encarnacion got hurt - was for the All-Star to start Game 3 in left.
He replaced Encarnacion in the second and went 0 for 5.
UP NEXT
Carrasco went 11-3 with a 2.65 ERA in 17 road starts, the most by an Indians pitcher since Cliff Lee won 12 in 2008. Tanaka, who struck out a career-high 15 in his last start, will be making his second postseason start for the Yankees. He lost the wild-card game in 2015.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Bet McLean League Cup first round draw took place at Windsor Park this morning.
There were 20 teams from the Bluefin Sport Championship and Premier Intermediate League entered the draw to determine the four first round matches, and the 12 teams who will subsequently get a bye into the next round.
Those four ties were Lurgan Celtic v Armagh City; PSNI v Banbridge Town; Dundela v Knockbreda v Queens v Lisburn Distillery. All first round ties will take place on Saturday 4 August.
The remaining 12 teams - Annagh United, Ballyclare Comrades, Dergview, Dollingstown, Larne, Limavady United, Loughgall, Moyola Park, Newington YC, Portstewart, Sport & Leisure Swifts and Tobermore United - all received a bye into the next round.
All last season's Danske Bank Premiership sides and the top four from the Bluefin Sport Championship will enter the competition in Round Two (to be played on Tuesday 28 August).
In Lebanon, when someone says it's 3 o'clock and it's daytime, we all know they mean 3pm and not 3 o'clock in the morning. So you can imagine my confusion when I moved to France for a year where everyone uses the 24-hour format and I had to do the mental gymnastics everytime (pun intended) to figure out the correct time. There are countries where this is the norm and others where it's not, but until now, you had to manually pick that setting in your Android phone. Not with P though.
A new setting showed up in DP4 under Date & time for Automatic 24-hour format. Enabling it greys out the manual toggle below it and relies on your locale to set the default format. If you disable it, you can still turn on 24-hour mode or not.
Left: Date & time settings in Android 8.1. Right: In Android P DP4.
If you live in a country where 24-hour format timing is the norm, which according to Wikipedia includes many non-English speaking countries, you're probably happy about this setting. Our tipster told us it was enabled by default for him when he updated to DP4, but it was disabled for me. Odds are, it will be activated by default on new devices.
Time cover girl, Beyoncé, and Pope Francis, not too surprisingly, skipped the top gala for Time's 100 most influential people in the world Tuesday night — but there was still...
Whither the Time.com redesign? The website redo was initially expected to be out around “the fall” and then it was expected in November. Now, with December almost gone, CapitalNY was...
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Ireland women's cricketers levelled their three-match series with Zimbabwe at 1-1 thanks to a dominant, unbeaten innings by the returning Isobel Joyce in Harare on Saturday.
Other highlights included a high-class all-round performance by Rachel Delaney and a first international wicket for Cara Murray.
Joyce, who flew into the tourists' camp one day after her teammates following completion of her commitments captaining the Hobart Hurricanes in the Women's Big Bash League in Australia, showed no signs of jetlag as she dug in, and then dominated the Zimbabwean bowling attack.
Her career-best unbeaten 91 off 101 balls, including nine fours - part of a near record-breaking partnership with teammate Rachel Delaney (68) - took Ireland from a precarious 35-4 to a highly competitive 207-5.
The pair, who are also teammates at club-level playing for Merrion Cricket Club, racked up the 4th highest ever partnership in Ireland Women's cricket history for a one-day game behind the 184 set by Claire Shillington and Caitriona Beggs in 2005.
While Joyce dominated with the bat, it was the steady, confident play of Delaney that provided the necessary support. Delaney easily passed her previous highest score (17*), striking five boundaries in the process.
The experienced Zimbabwean pace bowler Precious Marange returned an impressive bowling performance taking 1-11 off her 10 overs, including four maidens.
Having been set 208 for victory, the host's lost two early wickets to Ireland's opening bowler Amy Kenealy, before a 62-run stand in 11 overs between Modester Mupachikwa (51) and Precious Marange (30) saw Zimbabwe seemingly on track to reach their target.
The ball was then thrown to off-spinner Delaney, who broke the partnership with the first of her three wickets.
Rachel Delaney
Delaney bowled tightly and ended with 3-33 off eight overs. Her all-round credentials were also on full display earlier in the innings when she took a stunning catch at point to dismiss the opposition captain Chipo Mugeri for four.
One other impressive performance to note was that of Murray. After a solid debut two days earlier, Murray took her first international wicket and finished with an economical 1-24 off 10 overs.
Fittingly, a direct-hit run out by Joyce claimed the final Zimbabwean batter and wrapped up victory by 12 runs.
The preparations for the match began in disrupted fashion when Ciara Metcalfe was forced to withdraw with a minor calf strain. Metcalfe is expected to recover and feature again on the tour.
Watch five of the best shots as Ricky Walden quashes Luca Brecel's fightback to secure a 10-6 victory in the first round of the World Championship.
Watch live coverage of the 2018 World Snooker Championship on the BBC.
Available to UK users only.
Image copyright PA Image caption Brazilian police say more than 700 tickets were found
The performance of the Republic of Ireland's athletes at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics was overshadowed by allegations of illegal ticket sales involving senior Irish Olympic officials.
The alleged scheme - in which tickets were reportedly being sold for many times their face value - could have netted of 10m reals (£2.4m; $3.1m), police say.
The arrest of Olympic Council of Ireland president Pat Hickey made headlines around the world.
The former judo international has denied any wrongdoing and has formally stood aside as president of the Olympic Council of Ireland and European Olympic Committees' president during the investigation.
Here is how events have unfolded:
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Pat Hickey has denied any wrongdoing
Friday 5 August 2016:
On the day of the Olympics opening ceremony, Rio police arrest Kevin Mallon, director of THG Sports, a corporate and sports hospitality company based in London.
More than 700 tickets organised in envelopes clearly marked for sale are found in a safe with Mr Mallon, police said.
Wednesday 10 August 2016:
In an email seen by RTE News, Pro 10 Sports Management, the OCI's authorised ticket re-seller in Ireland informs the organisers of the Rio games that:
"At no time did we authorise Mr Mallon to sell any tickets on our behalf nor to the best of our knowledge did he sell any tickets. He merely acted as a collection point for individuals transacting directly with ourselves."
The OCI says it is launching an immediate investigation, adding that it "strictly adheres to the International Olympic Committee regulations around ticket allocation, sale and re-sale".
"We are treating this matter with the utmost seriousness," it says.
Sunday 14 August 2016:
Irish Sports Minister Shane Ross arrives in Rio for a meeting with Pat Hickey.
Mr Ross describes the meeting as "fairly tense, fairly direct and fairly frank", and calls for an independent investigation.
Mr Hickey says the meeting was "excellent".
Who's who in Irish Olympic tickets controversy?
Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI) - The state-funded body responsible for selecting, training and preparing Irish athletes to take part in the summer and winter Olympics
- The state-funded body responsible for selecting, training and preparing Irish athletes to take part in the summer and winter Olympics International Olympic Committee (IOC) - The leading organiser of the Olympic games and the highest authority in the Olympic movement
- The leading organiser of the Olympic games and the highest authority in the Olympic movement Pat Hickey - The president of the Olympic Council of Ireland
- The president of the Olympic Council of Ireland THG Sports - A corporate and sports hospitality company based in London
- A corporate and sports hospitality company based in London Pro 10 Management - An Irish sports management company that was appointed by the OCI as its authorised ticket reseller in Ireland
- An Irish sports management company that was appointed by the OCI as its authorised ticket reseller in Ireland Shane Ross - The Irish sports minister
Monday 15 August 2016:
A Brazilian judge orders the arrest of four THG Sports executives.
Marcus Evans and Martin Studd from the UK, Irishman David Patrick Gilmore and Dutchman Maarten Van Os are not believed to be in Brazil.
Police say they will be pursuing the matter via Interpol.
Wednesday 17 August 2016:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Patrick Hickey is suspected of being involved in selling tickets for higher than their face value
Pat Hickey is dramatically arrested by police at his luxury hotel. His Olympic credentials and passport are seized.
Mr Hickey complains of a heart problem and spends a night in hospital.
Thursday 18 August 2016:
Pat Hickey temporarily stands down from his positions as president of the OCI, president of the European Olympic Committees and member of the executive board of the International Olympic Committee.
The OCI says in a statement that Mr Hickey is stepping aside "until this matter is fully resolved" and would continue to co-operate and assist with all inquiries.
Acting OCI President William O'Brien says the council will "defend ourselves to the hilt".
Mr Hickey is questioned by police, denied bail by a judge and sent to Rio's notorious Bangu 10 prison.
Friday 19 August 2016:
The Olympic Committee of Ireland (OCI) announces it will commission an independent inquiry into their handling of the Rio Olympics ticketing.
Saturday 20 August 2016:
Pat Hickey and Kevin Mallon are reported to be sharing a cell in Bangu prison.
Sunday 21 August 2016:
Brazilian police seize the passports, phones and laptops of three senior OCI officials.
RTE and the Irish Times say the officials are OCI Chief Executive Stephen Martin, a former Olympic hockey gold medal winner, OCI Secretary General Dermot Henihan and Kevin Kilty, Ireland's Olympic chef de mission.
No arrests are made and there is nothing to suggest impropriety on the part of the three men, reports say.
In Dublin, the OCI Executive Council appoints a three-person crisis management subcommittee to lead its response to the crisis.
Tuesday 23 August 2016:
OCI official Dermot Henihan is told he will have his passport returned after being questioned by police.
In a statement, lawyers for Pat Hickey said that he "did not try to escape arrest" and that the claims are "ridiculous".
Meanwhile, police in Rio say they have found emails linking Mr Hickey and the head of a company alleged to have illegally resold Olympic tickets.
Wednesday 24 August 2016:
OCI officials Stephen Martin and Kevin Kilty are questioned for four hours by police.
Police said the men had never been anything other than assistance to them as important witnesses.
Meanwhile retired judge Carroll Moran is appointed to lead the Irish government's inquiry into the ticket controversy.
Friday 26 August 2016:
Irish foreign minister Charlie Flanagan agrees to meet Pat Hickey's family after they expressed "grave concerns" over his health and continued imprisonment.
In a statement, they outlined various areas of concerns including his right to a fair hearing and "pre-trial disclosure of evidence to media without any right of reply".
The Olympic Committee of Ireland appoints Grant Thornton to conduct an independent review into its ticketing procedures for the Rio Olympics.
Sunday 28 August 2016:
Image copyright RTÉ Image caption Kevin Mallon (right) left prison without making any comment
Kevin Mallon, director of THG Sports, is released on bail after a decision by the Supreme Court in Brasilia.
Tuesday 30 August 2016:
Pat Hickey is released from Bangu Prison and placed under house arrest.
A judge recommends the move, citing Mr Hickey's "critical health".
Monday 5 September 2016:
Kevin Mallon faces further questioning by police at the Rio de Janeiro Civil Police headquarters. He is released following the meeting.
Tuesday 6 September 2016:
The public prosecutors office in Rio de Janeiro formally lays charges against Pat Hickey and Kevin Mallon.
A judge will decide whether to accept or reject the charges against the duo and eight others who were also listed in the charges.
Saturday 10 September 2016:
Judge Juliana Leal de Melo accepts the charges against Pat Hickey and Kevin Mallon.
The judge ordered that the passports of Mr Hickey and Mr Mallon be retained.
Thursday 3 November 2016:
The Olympic Committee of Ireland (OCI) suspends publication of the Grant Thornton review into their own handling of ticketing for Rio.
In a statement the OCI said:
"The Grant Thornton review into ticketing arrangements in Rio will be postponed and completed only following the conclusion of criminal proceedings against Mr Pat Hickey in Rio."
"This decision was taken following the receipt of a letter from Mr Hickey's lawyers this week in which he threatened to make an application to the High Court for an injunction preventing the completion of the review."
"The Executive Committee has decided not to incur the very significant additional cost of defending any such legal proceedings."
Monday 12 December 2016:
RTE reports that a judge permitted Pat Hickey to return to Ireland following the payment of a 1.5m Brazilian real (approximately €410,000) bond.
Thursday 9 February 2017:
Image copyright ©INPHO/Morgan Treacy Image caption Sarah Keane
Sarah Keane is elected President of the Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI), taking over from acting President Willie O'Brien.
Monday 14 August 2017:
Retired judge Carroll Moran's report into the ticketing controversy is due to be published.
Welcome to the roundup of the best new Android applications and live wallpapers that went live in the Play Store or were spotted by us in the previous week or so.
Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Looking for the previous roundup editions? Find them here.
Apps
YouTube Kids TV
Android Police coverage: Android TV app for YouTube Kids now available
YouTube Kids TV is a new video app from Google that provides four kid friendly categories - shows, music, learning, and explore. The app is compatible with Android TV devices, though much like the regular Android TV YouTube app it does appear to be using a web wrapper instead of being an actual native Android app. Despite the show of poor native Android support from Google, YouTube Kids TV should still provide endless hours of fun for your children.
Monetization: free / contains ads / no IAPs
--
The official YouTube Kids app is designed for curious little minds. This is a delightfully simple (and free.) app, where kids can discover videos, channels and playlists they love. We work hard to offer a safer YouTube experience, but no automated system is perfect. If you ever find a video you're concerned about, please flag it. This helps make YouTube Kids better for everyone.
Kaspersky Secure Connection: VPN service
If you are looking to keep your mobile web traffic secure, then you may want to give Kaspersky Secure Connection: VPN service a look. As its name clearly implies, this release is a VPN app from Kaspersky that is intended to be used by security minded individuals. By encrypting all of your traffic, there will be no way to trace what you have viewed. If this is a concern of yours, then Kaspersky Secure Connection: VPN could very well be the mobile VPN you have been looking for.
Monetization: free / no ads / IAPs from $4.99 - $37.99
--
Kaspersky Secure Connection service allows you to connect to the Internet safely, by encrypting all data sent and received through the network. The Premium version gives you access to the content you like, without geographic restrictions and with unlimited traffic usage (within up to 5 devices) to secure all your activities on the Internet. 200MB of daily secure traffic is included and free of charge.
WakeBlock
Wakelocks can often drain your battery without you even knowing. But once you find the app that is running rogue, what do you do then? Sure, you can go ahead and delete it, but what happens if you need that app's functionality and there is no other option on the Play Store? Well, that is exactly what WakeBlock is trying to solve. You can simply block certain apps from having wakelocks during particular time periods, all without rooting your phone or installing Xposed.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
WakeBlock is a system modification that allows the user to control what wakelocks are allowed to run and schedule a block routine to keep the wakelocks from firing too frequently in a specific timespan, thus saving battery while the phone is in idle state (dozing) without Xposed. The app state is currently in heavy alpha testing and it's missing many of the options planned for the final state of the mod.
Sarahah
As a concept, this Sarahah app may or may not be a good thing in your book. I suppose it comes down to the fact that some people believe anonymity online is a bad thing, while others think it is good. For the unfamiliar, Sarahah is a service that allows people to send anonymous messages to each other directly, with the aim of letting people constructively criticize each other. This can and will go both ways, in that one day you may receive praise and the next a bunch of negativity. If you consider criticism of any kind a personal affront, then yeah, you may want to avoid this release.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Official Sarahah Application. Sarahah helps people self-develop by receiving constructive anonymous feedback.
KetoDiet
Finding quality ketogenic apps on the Play Store can be troublesome, though it would appear that gained interest in the diet has seen the release of a few quality apps as of late. KetoDiet just so happens to be one of those apps. Not only can you set your carbohydrate limit and goals but there is a built-in keto calculator that determine your ideal macronutrient intake. There is even an intuitive diet planner included, which should help you make use of the keto friendly recipes you find within the app.
Monetization: $6.99 / no ads / IAPs $1.99 a piece
--
The ketogenic (keto) diet is not just about losing weight at any cost; it's about adopting a healthier lifestyle. A healthy low-carb diet is an effective weight loss tool and the ketogenic diet has been shown to improve several health conditions such Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, epilepsy and even cancer.
Travellite
It is still summertime so that means many of you may still be traveling to and from vacation spots. Well, if you would like to keep track of your travels, Travellite may be exactly what you are looking for. It offers a minimal interface that does not get in the way while providing a colored world map and journal. This way you can visually see where you have been over the years while also recording your thoughts on each of your different travels.
Monetization: free / contains ads / IAPs from $1.00 - $5.00
--
Where have you already been? Where do you want to travel next? Record your worldtrip with Travellite and see your completed journeys on a colored worldmap. Write about your trip in the journal and add pictures to it. Enjoy this simple concept now on your android phone.
Awesome Converter
Sure, converter apps are a dime a dozen on the Play Store, but do they happen to handle cryptocurrency exchange rates on top of their other conversions? While I know there are apps specifically created for this purpose, having one that can handle a wide selection of conversions including cryptocurrency should be pretty helpful. That is why I am recommending Awesome Converter this week, as it is an all-in-one tool that takes into account all types of currencies.
Monetization: free / contains ads / no IAPs
--
This app includes Currency (money, bitcoin) exchange rates. Our app has intuitive and simple UI, that is designed for all kind of users. We offer you to convert essential units for your daily life. It shows different unit sets depending on your needs.
DidgIt
DidgIt is something of a niche release, so I don't expect everyone to find it useful. Essentially it is a sequencer app designed to create new rhythms and songs for didgeridoo musicians. Within the app you simply lay out the types of sounds you would like to create with your didgeridoo in order to create new with ease. Oh, and if you do want to pick DidgIt up, it is on sale for $4.99 for the next four days.
Monetization: $9.99 / contains ads / no IAPs
--
DidgIt is a groundbreaking new app that lets didgeridoo players create rhythms and songs using an innovative approach.
Laugh Out Loud by Kevin Hart
Kevin Hart is an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer who is best known for his comedic stand-up act. If you are a fan of his comedy, you may want to give Laugh Out Loud by Kevin Hart a look. It is a new streaming video service featuring a handful of original scripted and unscripted comedy. While the content is enjoyable, the amount of advertisements included with the app could be toned down as they are pretty intrusive and appear all too frequently.
Monetization: free / contains ads / IAPs from $2.99 - $3.99
--
Laugh Out Loud combines Hart's unparalleled social media savvy with his vision for the future of comedy - social, mobile, multicultural, and seriously funny. Hart handpicked the boldest comedic voices to create, produce and star in content exclusive to the service, including superstar digital comedy influencers King Bach, Dormtainment, GloZell and Anjelah Johnson.
Hamilton — The Official App
While I have yet to see a play or musical that was worth entering a lottery for the right to purchase its tickets, it would seem I am alone in this thinking. Hamilton — The Official App was recently released as a way for Los Angeles residents to enter such a lottery for what is probably the most popular musical in the country today. Soon other cities will be added to the app, but until then it is pretty limited in its designed usefulness.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
Introducing Hamilton — The Official App. Fans' access to all things Hamilton: An American Musical. Enter the official Hamilton lottery for Los Angeles (other cities coming soon.). Share fun show-related stickers with your friends and family. Take and share photos using our exclusive #HamCam with show-themed overlays. Be the first to know about ticket updates and everything Hamilton. Purchase items from the official Hamilton store.
Ancient Jerusalem in VR
Ancient Jerusalem in VR is a new virtual reality focused app that recreates archaeologically accurate 3D reconstructions of the Western Wall and surrounding city of Jerusalem. While viewing things in VR is nothing new, the fact that the 3D reconstruction was done with archaeological accuracy is pretty impressive.
Monetization: $2.49 / no ads / no IAPs
--
Explore the Western Wall and surrounding city of Jerusalem as it looked 2,000 years ago. Every detail has been thoroughly researched to ensure archaeological accuracy. Experience this wonder of the ancient world - download now. Please note that a VR headset is required for the experience.
Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps
My Walmart Schedule
Android Police coverage: Walmart employees get a new app to manage their shifts and schedules
Walmart is the largest private employer in America, which means many people will find its new My Walmart Schedule app pretty useful. The aim is to give associates access to their working schedule and allow them an easy way to pick up unfilled shifts, which actually sounds like an excellent way to handle their constant employee turnover and absenteeism. Of course, I have no doubt that most employees will still be limited in the amount of hours they can work, as you just know that Walmart isn't going to allow their employees the benefit of picking up enough hours to qualify for insurance.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
My Walmart Schedule is specially built for Walmart associates and managers. The app will give associates access to their working schedule and allow them to pick up unfilled shifts. The app will give managers real-time visibility to their store schedules, as well as advanced schedule management functionality. All of this is provided for Walmart associates and managers to give them control over their working lives at the tips of their fingers.
Camera tuner for Moto G (5S) Plus
The Moto G5S Plus is the newest budget phone from Motorola. While that is not necessarily a bad thing, it does mean most of its components are not high end, including the camera. That is why Motorola has released Camera tuner for Moto G (5S) Plus. It is a tool that will update your G5S Plus camera settings in order to make sure that your images come out the best they possibly can with the hardware provided.
Monetization: free / no ads / no IAPs
--
There is now a way to update the cameras to the lastest photo and video tuning parameters. From time to time we'll make updates to improve color, contrast, picture noise, video noise, and sharpness. This version is supported for Moto G (5S) Plus only.
XPERIA™ Mirage Theme
Sony has been slowly releasing new themes for their Xperia branded devices. This week we see the release of XPERIA Mirage Theme, a complete UI theme that utilizes an 80's outrun look that is stylish in its neon eccentricity. So if you are a fan of all things 80's and want to make your Xperia device look like a Trapper Keeper, XPERIA Mirage Theme is precisely what you have been looking for.
Monetization: $1.49 upfront / no ads / no IAPs
--
Official Mirage theme for Sony XPERIA™ Tested on Xperia Devices Z5, Z5 Compact, Xperia Z4 Tablet, Xperia Z3 etc. XPERIA™ Themes can customize over 300 graphical assets. Style everything from lock screen and home screen wallpapers to icons, colours and buttons. Requires Android 5.0 and above.
Live Wallpapers
AMOLED LiveWallpaper FREE
Those of you with an AMOLED screen in your device may want to take a look at AMOLED LiveWallpaper FREE. The contrast of its black background and bright colors will show a live wallpaper that just pops off your screen. While there is no stipulation that an AMOLED device is required, it will undoubtedly look the best on such a screen.
Monetization: free / contains ads / no IAPs
--
AMOLED Live Wallpaper is best for save battery and phone display. See MOSAIC 3D 125+ Live wallpapers library.
WTF App(s) Of The Week
God and Anime on My Side Button
Generally I skip the majority of soundboard apps for these roundups, but the release of the God and Anime on My Side Button was just too good to pass up. If you are unfamiliar with the meme this app stems from, you can take a quick look right here. As I am sure you will notice from the video, the power of god and anime was indeed terrifying. So please take that display of strength into careful consideration if you do decide to wield such power, as the accessibility of handling such a magical meme from within your pocket may be too much for many of you to administer appropriately.
Monetization: free / contains ads / no IAPs
--
Seriously, don't mess with this kid. Set as your notification tone, download the sounds, and play it over and over. You're welcome. Thanks to God, Anime, and this awesome kid.
Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know!
If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup, feel free to send us an email and let us know.
Important: there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered, listed below.
the app's launch date has to be no longer than 2 weeks ago
it has to be original, ground-breaking, well-reviewed, interesting, fun, etc - the cream of the crop
Now, if and only if the above requirements have been satisfied, fire up an email to this address: [email protected].
1 sponsored placement per week is available (your app would be featured at the top and marked as sponsored) - please contact us for details.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - More San Diego families are contacting 10News after reporter Jon Horn's story on a Normal Heights man who got a $1,000 water bill.
Linda DiMaria just paid three ridiculously high water bills she said she feels are mistakes.
"One bill for $1,500, one bill for $1,100, and another bill for $1,500," she said. "Finally (in May), I got a normal bill for $200 and some, which is what it should have been all along."
DiMaria told 10News a plumber couldn't find any leaks in her duplex, and her tenants couldn't possibly have used that much water.
RELATED: $1,000 water bill stuns San Diego family
Normal Heights resident Matt Thorn recently got a $1,000 water bill for no apparent reason. The city adjusted it back down after 10News called.
"It's an incredible amount of what -- I don't know what that amount of water looks like," Thorn said.
The city says there are two things to do if you think your water bill is erroneously high.
First, city officials recommend checking for a non-irrigation system leak. Residents are urged to read their water meter, and then turn off all water-using appliances. If after 15 minutes the dials haven't moved, you don't have a leak.
Then, check the meter to make sure it's working. Look at the cubic feet on the dial, ignoring the last two numbers. If the cubic feet on your bill is lower, your meter was likely correct.
A city spokeswoman said inspectors visited DiMaria's duplex and found no problems. She said tenants might not have reported issues.
DiMaria told 10News her problem remains unsolved.
"Now it's just a big mystery," she said.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) Wichita State has announced an eight-year deal with Under Armour for players to wear its apparel and use its equipment, a contract that coincides with the Shockers' move to the American Athletic Conference.
The Shockers' high-profile basketball program had been aligned with Nike, but other programs had worn uniforms from other companies. The volleyball program, for example, wore Adidas last season.
One of the benefits of the contract is to establish uniformity throughout the department.
All teams will honor the terms of existing agreements, which means the basketball team will continue to wear Nike next season. It will begin wearing Under Armour gear for the 2018-19 season.
Other AAC schools that wear Under Armour include South Florida, Cincinnati and Temple.
Covanta, the company that operates a trash-to-energy incinerator in Oxford Township, is looking to burn liquid wastes there on a permanent basis.
For two years the company has been burning liquid wastes under a demonstration project approved by the state Department of Environmental Protection. The liquids, which are burned at high temperatures along with solid garbage, are considered nonhazardous industrial byproducts. These include residues from making consumer goods, such as soaps, that are 95 to 97 percent water, and washdown of tanks from paint manufacturing.
The DEP says Covanta's demonstration project has satisfied a review of potential traffic, noise, air and other potential environmental impacts.
Anyone who'd like to comment on the application may write to Anthony Fontana, Chief New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection Division of Solid & Hazardous Waste Bureau of Solid Waste Permitting, Mail Code 401-02C, P.O. Box 420, Trenton, NJ, 08625-0420.
What do you think? Should Covanta be granted a full-time permit to burn liquid waste in Warren County? Have a say in our informal poll, and feel free to elaborate in the comments section.
Bella Hadid obtains restraining order against alleged stalker Accused stalker Brian Perez was busted after posting a photo of the model's apartment and sending her creepy social media messages.
Bella Hadid's alleged stalker arrested Hadid filed a complaint with police alleging that Brian Perez sent her several unwanted messages and videos on social media.
This designer is charging $400 for bike shorts for spring? Groundbreaking. The fashion industry seems to think so — or maybe they just took a page from Yeezy-era Kim Kardashian's style book by taking the high-end...
Oprah's Montecito estate caught in deadly mudslides “Praying for our community again in Santa Barbara … Helicopters rescuing my neighbors. Looking for missing persons. 13 lives lost," Winfrey shared.
Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin share pizza with plebs The models strolled into famed Bleecker Street Pizza at about 2 a.m. one morning as the legendary pie place was closing up.
Sexy spaghetti shoots are a thing now Bella Hadid, Emily Ratajkowski and Taylor Hill have all posed seductively with pasta.
“We are still family to each other, and love each other very much," Cooper said in a statement.
History of extreme torture haunts prison where Nelson Mandela was captive South Africa's Cape Town boasts stunning views of the notorious Robben Island from across the deep blue, shark-infested waters where the Indian and Atlantic Oceans meet. But the breathtaking sights...
South Africa grants parole to death-squad leader JOHANNESBURG — The South African government Friday granted parole to Eugene de Kock, the head of a covert unit for the apartheid state responsible for dozens of deaths, saying it is...
Ventriloquist to challenge a gag order against his puppet JOHANNESBURG — A South African ventriloquist said Monday that he will challenge a gag order against his puppet. The ventriloquist, Conrad Koch, said he strongly denies allegations that tweets criticizing...
This South African town is whites only Twenty years after Apartheid ended in South Africa, there still exists a small town called Orania, home to about 1000 cultural Afrikaners, where black people are not welcome. Even Nelson...
South Africa dream and reality still far apart This week four American presidents traveled to South Africa to pay their final respects to Nelson Mandela. In his remarks Tuesday, President Obama likened Mandela to Abraham Lincoln as a...
Life after Nelson Mandela JOHANNESBURG — What next for South Africa? This racially charged country that, on Nelson Mandela's watch, inspired the world by embracing reconciliation in all-race elections in 1994 is again in...
Mandela to lie in state for 3 days; Obamas to travel to South Africa JOHANNESBURG — Flags were lowered to half-staff across South Africa and people in black townships, in upscale mostly white suburbs and in the country's vast rural grasslands commemorated Nelson Mandela...
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
An astronaut wandering the moon next year could use a smartphone to call home. A German startup is preparing to set up the first telecommunication infrastructure on the lunar surface.
The German company Part Time Scientists, which originally competed for the Google Lunar X Prize race to the moon, plans to send a lander with a rover in late 2018 to visit the landing site of Apollo 17. (Launched in 1972, this was NASA's final Apollo mission to the moon.) Instead of using a complex dedicated telecommunication system to relay data from the rover to the Earth, the company will rely on LTE technology — the same system used on Earth for mobile phone communications.
"We are cooperating with Vodafone in order to provide LTE base stations on the moon," Karsten Becker, who heads embedded electronics development and integration for the startup, told Space.com.
"What we are aiming to do is to provide commercial service to bring goods to the moon and also to provide services on the surface of the moon," Becker added.
Part Time Scientists has a launch contract for late 2018 with SpaceX as a secondary payload on the Falcon 9 rocket. Becker said the company believes it will be the first private entity to reach the surface of the moon, suggesting that none of the Google Lunar X Prize participants are likely to meet the December 2017 deadline for the competition. (Part Time Scientists itself withdrew from the Google Lunar X Prize earlier this year due to the time constraints of the competition.)
The Falcon 9 will carry the team's spacecraft, Alina, to the geostationary transfer orbit, a highly elliptical Earth orbit whose highest point is 26,000 miles (42,000 kilometers). From there, Alina will continue on its own to the moon.
"We will soft-land on the moon and disembark our two rovers, the Audi Lunar Quatro rovers, with which we are going to drive up to Apollo 17," Becker said.
"The two rovers are essentially mobile phones that will communicate our video stream to Alina, which serves as an LTE base station, and Alina will communicate the data to us," he said.
The two rovers, which appeared in this year's "Alien: Covenant" film, will examine in detail the Apollo 17 spacecraft to see what has happened to it in its 45 years on the lunar surface.
"Using the LTE modem to transmit our data is much more energy efficient than using direct Earth communication," Becker explained.
The rover gets 90 watts of energy from its solar panel, half of which goes to driving, Becker said; previously, the other half would have to go to the modem for communicating directly to Earth. "With LTE, it's significantly less," he said.
Additionally, relaying data via the base station rather than directly to Earth solves difficulties with pointing the rover's antenna in the rough lunar terrain, Becker said.
He said Part Time Scientists does not expect Alina and the rovers to survive the lunar night because of the extreme low temperatures. However, the experience gained during the first mission will be used in subsequent missions that will aim to establish a permanent telecommunication infrastructure on the moon's surface, he said.
"We are trying to show that you can use the most widespread means of communication, which is the mobile network and particularly the LTE network, on the surface of the moon, to execute missions there," said Becker. "We are aiming to provide cost-effective solutions to problems that are arising in terms of building the lunar village."
According to Becker, Part Time Scientists plans to conduct a second mission around 2020 that would carry LTE terminals designed to survive in the harsh lunar environment for extended periods of time. The company is closely cooperating with the European Space Agency, which has proposed a lunar village concept that would lead to permanent human presence on the surface of the moon. The agency's plan would let all nations and entities contribute to the overall operations with their unique skills and expertise.
The Alina spacecraft can carry up to 100 kilograms (220 lbs.) of payload. During its first mission, the craft will carry three customer payloads, including an experiment designed by NASA Ames.
This article originally appeared on Space.com.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Build Your Own Eclipse Viewer 00:01:43
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM
Henri R. Ford, M.D. Named Dean, Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine
MIAMI – The University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine is enthusiastically announcing that Henri R. Ford, M.D., has been named the new dean of the Medical School. Ford will join the University on June 1, 2018.
Dr. Ford is a Haitian-born pediatric surgeon who maintains close ties with his native country. In 2010 he traveled to Haiti after the earthquake to provide surgical care to children injured in the devastation. Since then, Dr. Ford has returned regularly to provide medical care to its residents. In May 2015, he performed the first successful separation of conjoined twins in Haiti, telling CBS News that it was “extremely gratifying” to be able to perform the operation in his home country alongside Haitian surgeons whom he helped to train.
He is currently the senior vice-president and chief of surgery at the Children's Hospital Los Angeles (CHLA), vice-dean of medical education, and professor and vice chair for clinical affairs in the Department of Surgery at the Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California. Dr. Ford was professor and chief of the Division of Pediatric Surgery and surgeon-in-chief at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh and the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine prior to joining CHLA in January 2005.
Motivated by a deep desire to have a positive impact on the world and drive important change, Dr. Ford has shown unprecedented success throughout his career. He has done groundbreaking research on the pathogenesis of necrotizing enterocolitis, the most common and lethal disease affecting the gastrointestinal tract of newborn infants. His work has led to new insights into the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of this vexing disease. Under his leadership, CHLA has developed a robust, state of the art minimally invasive surgery program.
Dr. Ford's research has been funded by the National Institutes of Health, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation through the Injury Free Coalition for Kids, the National Trauma Registry for Children and the American College of Surgeons, among others. He is the author of more than 300 publications, book chapters, invited manuscripts, abstracts, and presentations.
Dr. Ford is a fellow of the American College of Surgeons, the Royal College of Surgeons (England), the American Association for the Surgery of Trauma, and the American Academy of Pediatrics. He is the recipient of numerous honors, including the Arnold P. Gold Humanism in Medicine Award from the Association of American Medical Colleges.
He received his bachelor's degree in public and international affairs, cum laude, from Princeton University, and his M.D. from Harvard Medical School. He also received his M.H.A. (Master of Health Administration) degree from the School of Policy, Planning and Development from University of Southern California.
He is highly valued by his colleagues for his vision, passion, expertise, and leadership. We are confident that Dr. Ford will be an incredible partner in pursuing our mission to become a truly preeminent academic health system and medical school for the 21st century. In the coming months you will have a chance to meet Dr. Ford and hear more about his ideas to advance the Miller School of Medicine.
Dr. Ford will join us in Miami with his wife, Donna, and their two children, Arielle and Alex. Please join University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine in congratulating Dr. Ford and welcoming him to the University of Miami team.
CHITTAGONG, Bangladesh — Mominul Haque and Liton Das kept Bangladesh steady and helped the home side reach 187-3 at lunch on the final day of the first test against Sri Lanka, cutting the match deficit to 13 runs.
At lunch Sunday, Mominul was batting on 70 and Liton Das was not out 47, raising the prospect of saving the game.
With his second 50-plus knock in the match, Mominul had 245 runs, which made him the highest run scorer for a Bangladeshi batsman in a test, eclipsing Tamim Iqbal's 231 (206 and 25) against Pakistan in Khulna, 2012.
Resuming the day on 81-3 and with the prospect of a potential defeat, Mominul and Das combined for a 106-run partnership for the fourth wicket to keep Sri Lanka frustrated throughout the session.
Sri Lanka declared its first innings on 713-9, taking a 200-run first-innings lead over Bangladesh.
Image copyright ITV Image caption Mr Pitts has spent 17 years at ITV
STV Group has appointed the head of ITV's digital and pay TV strategy as its new chief executive.
Simon Pitts will replace Rob Woodward, who announced in April that he would step down from the STV board within 12 months.
Mr Pitts is currently managing director of online, pay TV, interactive and technology at ITV, having spent 17 years at the company.
He will join the STV board on 3 January.
In a statement, STV said that Mr Pitts had overseen strong growth in ITV's digital businesses and had been "one of the main architects of the company's recent transformation".
STV chairwoman Margaret Ford said: "The combination of Simon's sector experience, drive and track record in delivering strategic change make him an ideal candidate to lead STV's next phase of growth."
Mr Pitts said: "I have got to know STV well during my time at ITV and I'm excited by the opportunity to lead a company with such a strong brand and relationship with its audience.
"I'm looking forward to working with everyone at STV to make the most of its great potential in the future."
Hormonal birth control methods can increase the risk of breast cancer about as much as smoking and drinking, a new study has found.
Using hormonal contraceptives, like the pill — even those with low doses of hormones — and intrauterine devices, comes with a 20 percent higher risk of breast cancer. The risk rises to 38 percent for women taking the pill after more than 10 years of use, according to a large study recently published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Now, women will have to carefully weigh the costs and benefits of their contraceptive choices, says Dr. Freya Schnabel, director of breast surgery at NYU Langone Health's Perlmutter Cancer Center.
“You have to put that 20 percent risk increase into context,” she says. “Women who smoke have a 20 percent increase in their risk for breast cancer . . . [and having] two drinks a day gives you about 20 percent increase, as well.”
But quitting birth control isn't as straightforward as quitting smoking or drinking: Contraceptives can provide other health benefits, including warding off ovarian, colorectal and uterine cancers. Not to mention their most obvious effect. “Childbirth and pregnancy are not without their own risks,” Schnabel says.
So how scared should women be about using birth control? Schnabel says women shouldn't throw away their pill packs just yet, but they may want to consider switching to non-hormonal birth control methods, like condoms or non-hormonal IUDs.
“The data is important, but I don't believe that this is the sort of information that will lead us to say that people should not use hormonal contraceptives,” Schnabel says. “It's going to have to be on a case-by-case basis.”
She encourages doctors to help their patients weigh this and other breast cancer risks — such as a family history with the disease — against other concerns, like pregnancy, endometriosis and other types of cancers.
Kajon and colleagues collected details of adenovirus infections from 2011 to 2015 at colleges, in nursing homes and elsewhere.
“On the basis of the severity of the clinical presentation of some cases in this study, the (adenovirus) vaccine currently licensed for military use should be considered a potentially valuable resource to prevent disease in susceptible populations living in closed communities, such as college settings, summer camps, and long-term care facilities,” they wrote in a report published in the journal Emerging Infectious Diseases.
An outbreak of adenovirus killed 10 people in 2007. Kajon's team tested college students at one campus during the severe 2014-15 influenza epidemic and found 13 out of 168 students who came in for flu treatment had adenovirus infections.
Most patients may not suffer much, but the virus can cause very severe complications. Kajon and colleagues described the case of a 43-year-old woman from Rochester, New York, who was previously healthy but became infected in 2012 and quickly developed pneumonia and respiratory failure. During her hospital stay she suffered brain swelling and bleeding and stayed on a ventilator for more than a month.
A year later, she was still out of breath if she exerted herself.
There was also the case of a 26-year-old Connecticut man infected in 2011 who had nausea, vomiting and chills. He spent days in the hospital with adenovirus infection.
There have also been outbreaks in long-term care facilities. But most clinics don't test for adenovirus unless people are hospitalized with severe illness that isn't helped by immediate treatment, Kajon said.
“These reports are probably the tip of the iceberg. We need more surveillance,” she said.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention keeps a log of reported cases of adenovirus.
“Outbreaks are more common in late winter, spring, and early summer but can occur throughout the year,” the CDC said.
There were so many outbreaks among new military recruits that the Department of Defense vaccinates personnel against two of the more serious strains with an oral vaccine. Vaccination was stopped for a few years in 1999 and outbreaks soared again, but there haven't been many since the vaccine was re-introduced in 2011, the CDC said.
Kajon believes it should be more widely available,
“This is a vaccine-preventable disease,” she said. “A life is a life. Losing a loved one to viral pneumonia when you know it could have been prevented is hard.”
In the U.S., however, that requires catching the interest of a company that might want to develop such a vaccine commercially. "Unfortunately, it all comes down to the perception of having a market," Kajon said.
Adenovirus is not the killer that influenza is. Influenza kills 12,000 to 50,000 people a year in the United States alone, and puts up to 700,000 in the hospital. A cocktail of other viruses, from coronaviruses to rhinoviruses, also cause seasonal misery.
But Kajon said her studies show adenoviruse can be a significant part of the mix.
As with many viruses, there's not a good treatment for adenovirus, although the antiviral cidofovir has helped some people with severe infections.
And adenoviruses are very hard to kill. Reports indicate they can survive on plastic and metal surfaces— think countertops and hospital tables— for a month. Some formulations of alcohol and chlorhexidine do not kill them easily, tests have shown, although chlorine does.
Jay Richard (Dick) Crist
January 19, 1950 – June 29, 2018
SAINT JO – Jay Richard (Dick) Crist, 68, died on June 29, 2018 in Red River, NM.
A visitation will be from 4-7 p.m. July 5 at the Scott-Morris Funeral Home in Saint Jo.
A celebration of life will be at 11 a.m. on July 6 at the Blue Ostrich Winery Pavilion in Saint Jo.
Crist was born on Jan. 19, 1950 in Wichita, KS to J.W. and Shirley Crist. He graduated from Wichita State University in Wichita, KS.
He married Camille Lawson on Nov. 7, 1981 and had three children. He had a career in sales and marketing with the Coleman Company in 1968 in Wichita, KS and became the vice president of sales for the sporting goods division, and an officer of the company.
He is preceded in death by his parents, J.W. and Shirley Crist.
He is survived by his daughter, Sarah Davis; two sons, Andrew Crist, Lewisville and Jordan Crist, Salina, KS; two grandchildren and one brother, Dean Crist, Salina, KS.
In lieu flowers, the family requests donations be made in memory of Dick to: Tennyson Center for Children, 2950 Tennyson Street, Denver, CO 80212; Living Water International, 4001 Greenbriar Dr. Stafford, TX 77477; or the Saint Jo Historical Society.
The long-suffering teachers of the Oklahoma City Public School District received good news this week when the district board voted to retroactively raise their pay for this school year. This decision wasn't just good news for the teachers – if we build on this example, it will be good for all Oklahomans.
The heated debate about the imperative of reforming teacher compensation in Oklahoma has never centered on who is truly responsible for how much public school teachers are paid. State legislators don't make that decision – all they do is set the minimum salary schedule. Local school boards set teacher pay, and they have chosen to spend on everything other than paying teachers. Over the last 25 years, the state has more than doubled appropriations for common education – we appropriate over $1.2 billion more than we did in 1992.
If you prefer to look at spending per student, adjusted for inflation, we spend 26 percent more per student. How much of that increase went to teachers? They got, in real dollars, a 4-percent hike in pay. We can debate whether the money was spent wisely – there's no doubt the cash didn't go to pay teachers.
The districts always have the power to pay teachers more than the minimum – which is why some districts pay more than others. But rather than looking hard at their non-instructional spending, they instead want the Legislature to raise the minimum pay scale and then fully fund the cost of the mandated increase. In other words, they will pay teachers more only if you force them and they don't have to give up anything else. Teachers just aren't their first priority.
The only way to reform this dysfunctional culture is to stop thinking that the Legislature is responsible for funding and running Oklahoma public schools. The Legislature should have two jobs. First, it should guarantee a base level of funding to all districts to ensure that communities that are too poor to pay for a minimally adequate education can do so. Second, the Legislature should supply the funding for satisfying, ideally, the few mandates they impose on districts. If, as it should, the state requires schools to give its students state exams, the state should pay the cost for writing and administering the tests.
Every school district should aspire to offer far more than the minimum – and most districts will. Local school boards – and the people who elect them – should be primarily responsible for the quality of their schools, which includes providing the funds necessary for an excellent education. The Legislature's job is to make sure that each district has the freedom to hire, pay, manage, and evaluate teachers the way it thinks best. Oklahomans will flock to districts that choose to invest more in excellent teaching.
But, as vital as it is, freedom won't pay the bills. The Legislature must also make sure that school districts have the funding capacity to spend more on education. It must reform the laws and constitutional provisions that now inhibit communities from spending property tax dollars on school operations and make it unreasonably difficult for citizens of these communities to decide to tax themselves more to improve the education of their children. I've heard many legislators pledge their fealty to the principle of local control. They have the power to make that ideal a living reality. They should use it.
Andrew Spiropoulos is the Robert S. Kerr, Sr. Professor of Constitutional Law at Oklahoma City University and the Milton Friedman Distinguished Fellow at the Oklahoma Council of Public Affairs. The views expressed in this column are those of the author and should not be attributed to either institution.
Twitter's blue bird is flapping its wings again — but can it make enough money to leave the nest?
The micro-blogging network is suddenly growing its user base again, after a blistering 2016 in which advertisers fled to rivals as it tried and failed to sell itself to potential buyers including Disney.
Chief Executive Jack Dorsey, who's been busy booting bullies from the service, managed to add a stunning nine million monthly active users in its first quarter — a 6-percent increase that brought the total to 328 million.
Still, the 40-year-old tech exec gave a ho-hum outlook for the rest of the year.
“Right now, sitting here today, we don't see an improvement in our growth rate in revenue,” Dorsey warned analysts on a Wednesday conference call, forecasting more ‘negative impacts' from discontinued products. In April, Twitter lost the rights to stream NFL Thursday night games to Amazon.
On the positive side, political dustups, sporting events and music concerts helped Twitter add users.
Twitter has long insisted that President Trump has had little to no effect on its traffic. But operating chief Anthony Noto finally changed his tune on a Wednesday conference call with analysts.
“We benefited from our new and resurrected users following more news and political accounts in Q1, particularly in the US,” Noto said.
In January, Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto informed the White House it wouldn't be attending a planned meeting on NAFTA, conveying the news via Twitter.
Elsewhere, Twitter touted the success of streaming the PBS broadcast of Trump's address to Congress along with a Depeche Mode concert, Grammy red carpet and NHL sports events among other things.
The stock popped more than 10 percent in early afternoon trades, recently changing hands at $16.01.
“The fake news is that Twitter is losing usage, BTIG analyst Richard Greenfield told The Post. “Twitter is not dying. They are growing users, the advertisers are going to come back.”
Other analysts were more cautious, as Twitter's newfound user growth isn't yet a proven trend.
“It's all about user growth, like Netflix,” said Nomura's entertainment analyst, Anthony DiClemente. “The holy grail would be if revenue could catch up to user growth. We're still not seeing that happen yet.”
Twitter will be presenting its rosiest story to Madison Avenue on Monday as part of the New Front presentations.
Noto said Twitter has some 100,000 advertisers, whose ranks have plummeted 60 percent over the past year.
“Generally advertisers move faster than you would want them as it relates to not spending, the opposite of getting them to spend more,” Noto said.
Twitter will spend more on marketing and adding staff in the second quarter, he added. Stock based compensation fell in the period, versus a year ago another positive for the shares.
RBC's Mark Mahaney told investors to beware.
“The ever-present negative is fierce competition for online ad dollars from Facebook and Google — and potentially SNAP. Whether Twitter can break out of the Experimental Budget Zone [for advertisers] is unknown.”
First quarter revenue was $548 million, down 8 percent year-over-year, but ahead of the Street's forecast of $517 million.
Twitter's net loss was $62 million, or 9 cents a share, but excluding items, Twitter earned 11 cents a share versus Street forecasts of just one penny.
Former pathetic loser candidates Sen. John McCain seems like he doesn't want to miss a chance to knock the Trump administration whenever the opportunity present itself. I think he's still upset his boyfriend, Lindsey Graham, couldn't get above 1% in the polls when he ran for the GOP nod against Trump. This is payback and it makes McCain a bum in my opinion!
Yahoo News report Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said Tuesday that Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser highlights “dysfunction” in President Trump's White House and raises fresh questions about the commander in chief's relations with Russia.
McCain, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, praised Flynn's “invaluable contributions in the fight against terrorism” in a written statement released hours after the retired Army lieutenant general resigned.
“At the same time, General Flynn's resignation is a troubling indication of the dysfunction of the current national security apparatus,” the Arizona Republican said.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
0:47 Dolphins CB Lippet talks about hit that sidelined him
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.
The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp opened in Connecticut in 1988 to provide a summer camping experience – fishing, tie-dye, ghost stories, s'mores – for seriously ill children. By...
I have long believed that if the story of Hillary Clinton had been a movie on Lifetime Television for Women, we would all be naming our babies after her. There...
John Varvatos' plan to sell brand thwarted John Varvatos, a fashion designer to music stars, was hoping to hook up with Frederick's of Hollywood, The Post has learned. For more than a year, Varvatos had been in...
Authentic Brands files confidentially for an IPO Jamie Salter may be ready for his investor close-up. The Authentic Brands licensing whiz has filed papers privately with the Securities and Exchange Commission to take his six-year-old company public,...
Meet the man making millions off dead people Jamie Salter has a knack for making a lot of money on dead people. In six years, the 53-year-old licensing pro has morphed his Authentic Brands Group into a $1.5...
Authentic Brands eyes bankrupt American Apparel is being circled by Jamie Salter's Authentic Brands Group, a licensing company which is keenly interested in owning the bankrupt clothier, sources told The Post. The Los Angeles-based...
Can Frederick's of Hollywood become relevant again? Is Middle America ready for fishnet body stockings and lace garter sets? The new owner of Frederick's of Hollywood seems to think so. Jamie Salter's Authentic Brands plans to take...
Payless ShoeSource floats an Airwalk sale Dealmaker Jamie Salter has scooped up yet another athletic brand. Salter's firm Authentic Brands Group — whose fast-growing portfolio of properties includes Marilyn Monroe, Juicy Couture and Hickey Freeman —...
Learn to paint winter twigs and leaves in this introductory two-day workshop in watercolor technique for botanical art with instructor Susan Tomlinson.
March 3 & 4
9am to 3pm
$165 for RHA members, $175 for non-members
(price includes an introductory botanical watercolor kit)
Space is limited. Sign up at http:// ranchingheritage.org/ botanical/ Posted:
2/2/2018
Originator:
Shelby Schwartz
Email:
shelby.schwartz@ttu.edu
Department:
National Ranching Heritage Center
Event Information
Time: 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM
Event Date: 3/3/2018
Location:
National Ranching Heritage Center
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Arts & Entertainment
9,000 FCT Register for Anchor Borrowers' Programme
The FCT Administration has said that about 9,000 farmers in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) have so far been registered to participate in the CBN's Anchor Borrowers programme.
The acting Secretary, FCT Agriculture and Rural Development Secretariat, Dr. Musa A. Aliyu who made this disclosure during a press briefing on the activities of the Agric Secretariat in the last two years, said 16 Village Extension Agents and 800 farmers from the Area Councils have been trained and will be issued certificates on the day of formal launching in the FCT.
The Anchor Borrowers programme he explained was targeted at small holder farmers who are into crops where FCT enjoys comparative advantage like rice and soya beans production.
He said: “In line with the mandate of this sub-sector in driving programmes in the agricultural sector, the FCT Agricultural Development Project continued to provide innovative advisory services on global agricultural best fit technologies to about 200,000 farming families. The achievements so far include: The average yield of rice increased from 2.0 metric tons/hectare to 3.5 metric tons per hectare; cassava witnessed upward review from 16 metric tons/hectare to 20 metric tons/hectare.”
Aliyu said the FCT Administration has also strengthened the capacity of 2,000 farmers associations by way of training and linkage to agricultural finance.
He said: “The FCT ADP continued to collaborate with the Japan International Cooperation Agency, Competitive Africa Rice Imitative, British America Tobacco Nigeria Foundation, United States Agency for International Development, Food and Agricultural Organisation, the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, Central Bank of Nigeria, Notore Fertilizer Company, National Association of Nigeria Traders etc.”
The Secretary also stated that pest management control has helped to curtail the spread of the tomato pest otherwise referred to as “Tuta Absoluta” which affected farmers in 2016.
On the release of counterpart funding for the World Bank/Fadama III additional financing programme, Aliyu disclosed that the FCT Minister, approved the release of the counterpart funding for the commencement of the World Bank-assisted Fadama III Additional Financing project. Already, about 200 farmer groups have been registered to benefit from the project, he said.
According to him, “The success recorded during the implementation of the project, informed the decision of government to seek its extension of the project period to December 2017, with an additional financing of $200 million which is hinged on ramping up production and development of the value chains for four selected staple crops which are Rice, Sorghum, Cassava and Horticulture (tomato).”
“Third National Fadama Development Project Additional Financing (FADAMA III AF) came into effect by 2014 nationally. However, in the FCT, the project did not take off due to the non-payment of outstanding counterpart fund (part 2011, 2012 and 2013).
“The Minister of FCT, Malam Muhammad Musa Bello on assumption to the mantle of FCTA leadership immediately saw the need to enable FCT Fadama III AF to come to effect, thus approved the immediate payment of outstanding amounts up to 2013.”
“In order to boost fish production, the FCT was selected as one of the 5 states to benefit in the cage fish farming project. The Minister has already directed the Secretariat to key into the project and ensure that youths and fisher-folk communities are carried along.
“To develop and manage forest resources on a sustainable basis, the FCTA in line with its forest conservation policy, raised 30,000 seedlings of different species of forest trees in Bako Bwari Nurseries and distributed to schools and individuals for planting” Aliyu stated.
He also disclosed that the FCT minister recently approved a complete ban on unauthorised transportation and selling of fresh meat into FCT markets from neighbouring states, stressing only live animals can now be brought into the territory for slaughtering and inspection before sale at the markets. This became necessary in order to stem the sale of donkey and horse meats in the FCT meat markets.
The Secretary stated however that where such demand to bring in fresh meat into the territory is deserving, the operator will have to seek official approval from the Agric Secretariat before doing so.
In his words, “…the Minister in 2015 directed the Secretariat to embark on the clean-up of abattoirs within the Territory. The exercise, which is aimed at evacuating the pile up of abattoir waste as well as remove the illegal structures has helped to reduce congestion and has enhanced effective monitoring of all activities in the abattoirs to ensure that they conform with acceptable hygienic standards.”
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
St. John's in Big East basement with fourth straight loss It is officially reached soul searching season for St. John's. The Red Storm entered Carnesecca Arena on Saturday afternoon as one of the last two teams without a Big East...
Big East preview: The threats are coming for Villanova If only the Big East had broken up earlier. After winning a share of just one league title in 16 seasons, Villanova enters the fifth season of the reconfigured Big...
Why Shamorie Ponds can blame teammate for Big East snub The most prolific scoring freshman in St. John's history didn't impress Big East coaches enough. Shamorie Ponds' name is in the St. John's record brooks as the highest-scoring freshman —...
Seton Hall hits Big East tourney missing one of the biggest weapons It sounds like Seton Hall could be without its X-Factor on Thursday afternoon. Coach Kevin Willard sounded pessimistic defensive stopper Ismael Sanogo (right ankle) would be able to play when...
Get ready for college basketball madness to take over NYC The center of the college basketball world is back in New York City. Four years after the basketball-only Big East realignment, some of the biggest teams in the country will...
Road games bring out less dangerous version of St. John's At home, St. John's has proven capable of beating almost anybody. It pushed second-ranked Villanova for 35 minutes, and manhandled NCAA Tournament bubble teams Seton Hall and Marquette. On the...
St. John's surges atop Big East standings after dropping DePaul ROSEMONT, Ill. — After recording its first win against a ranked opponent in three years on Thursday night, St. John's made it three wins in a row Sunday as four...
New St. John's AD planning to win more than Big East titles Anton Goff doesn't just want to make St. John's great again. He wants to make the Queens school better than it ever was. “This isn't just about returning to the...
Newly hired St. John's AD not afraid to 'roll his sleeves up' Sixteen months later, St. John's finally has a new full-time athletic director. Anton Goff will be introduced as the new AD at a 4 p.m. press conference Monday, the Queens...
WASHINGTON — U.S. consumers slowed their borrowing in August to an annual pace of 4.2 per cent — a pullback from a pace of nearly 7 per cent over the past three years.
The Federal Reserve says overall consumer credit rose $13.1 billion in August, down from the $17.7 billion increase in July.
Economists and financial markets monitor the consumer borrowing report for insights about consumer spending, a category that represents about 70 per cent of U.S. economic activity.
Non-revolving credit, which includes auto and student loans, increased $7.3 billion. The revolving credit category, which includes credit cards, increased $5.8 billion.
The August increase brought consumer credit to a total of $3.77 trillion. The Fed's monthly credit report does not include mortgages or other debt secured by real estate, including home-equity loans.
Killings: Pray for us, Osinbajo cries to churches
“Governance is a spiritual warfare, if anyone does not know that, I know.”
The post Killings: Pray for us, Osinbajo cries to churches appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Disappointing quarterly reports from newly-public firms Snap and Blue Apron this week won't throw cold water on the market for tech IPOs, but it will make investors less willing to give startups the benefit of the doubt.
“These tech IPOs go in cycles, there's the cycle of optimism where we think anybody with a story is going to be another google and will buy IPOs at really high prices,” said Erik Gordon, a professor of at the University of Michigan Ross School of Business.
“The one-two punch of Blue Apron and Snap, I think, that's going to put investors in a less optimistic mood, a more critical mood,” Gordon said. “They're going to ask questions and not assume the answer to the questions is, ‘don't worry about it.'”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Snapchat makes splashy debut on Wall Street 2:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
High-profile stumbles like Blue Apron's higher-than-expected losses and Snap's shortfall in user growth and have a spillover effect on investor sentiment, said Kathleen Smith, principal of Renaissance Capital, which manages IPO-focused ETFs. “That just causes jitters overall,” she said. “When they see this happening they get cautious.”
The upshot is likely to be more scrutiny, and less-ambitious valuations, experts said.
“I think we're going to be more selective,” Gordon said. “I think we're going to be tougher on the companies.”
“Today's VC backed unicorns can indeed come in for rough treatment in the public market,” IDC research vice president of mobile and connected platforms John Jackson said via email, although he and some other market observers expressed optimism that this week's disappointing earnings wouldn't cause a broader crisis of confidence.
“The tech market overall has had really good returns,” David Ethridge, U.S. IPO practice leader at PwC. “The average tech deal this year has done quite well against the market and the indices like the Russell 2000. I look at those kinds of things and I say the experience of the tech investor this year has been quite good,” he said.
Smith agreed, saying tech IPO returns are up 13 percent year-to-date as of market close Thursday.
“The challenges with both these companies are about the nature of what they do and the competitive space they occupy, and not about tech per se,” Jackson said.
“They were looking for growth and were disappointed, and there are operational issues... It's not a good combination,” Smith said.
Both face formidable, well-established competitors: Snap with Facebook, and Blue Apron with Amazon's new Whole Foods acquisition.
“Evan's been very clear that user growth is going to be driven by innovation,” said Richard Greenfield, managing director and media analyst at BTIG. “It's basically, can Evan Spiegel out-innovate Mark Zuckerberg?”
“Blue Apron has suffered at least a psychological investor reaction to the Amazon threat,” Jackson said. “It's circumstantial and not systemic.”
Smith said the fact that both companies poor results caught investors by surprise called into question both companies' management practices. “Investors were expecting much higher growth and some efficiencies in their business,” she said. “This is always the risk with IPOs in general — Can I be sure management is going to do what they say they're going to do?”
CHICAGO — An Illinois environmental group is suing the owner of a shuttered power plant where contaminants from old coal ash ponds are seeping into a river used for recreation.
Prairie Rivers Network claims in the suit Wednesday that Dynegy Midwest Generation is violating the Clean Water Act by allowing heavy metals to seep from the riverbank along the Middle Fork of the Vermilion River.
A 17-mile portion of the river designated as a National Scenic River flows along the eastern boundary of the former Vermilion Power Station about 135 miles (217 kilometres) south of Chicago.
The plant, closed in 2011, left more than 3 million cubic yards (2.29 million cubic meters) of ash.
Dynegy didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, but has said it's working on a closure plan.
Image caption Two of seven NIHE tower blocks in the New Lodge area of north Belfast have been clad
The Northern Ireland Housing Executive (NIHE) is to look into shutting its 33 tower blocks.
A consultation with residents and local representatives is to begin this summer.
The NIHE board say more than £300m is needed over the next 30 years to ensure these tower blocks are of a decent standard.
The NIHE has been reviewing the condition of all their housing stock since 2015.
A fire broke out in the Coolmoyne House high-rise flats in Dunmurry as recently as November 2017.
The tower block on the Seymour Hill housing estate is owned and operated by the Northern Ireland Housing Executive.
Image caption The majority of tower blocks in Northern Ireland are based in Belfast
Consultation between the NIHE and with residents was to take place earlier this year but was put on hold following events at Grenfell.
A NIHE spokesperson said: "The health, safety and comfort of our tenants is our priority, however, our tower blocks are now reaching an age at which significant investment is required.
"The approach that has been agreed by the Board is to consult with residents, political representatives and the wider community about future plans for each of the tower blocks and surrounding neighbourhoods. This includes the decommissioning of tower blocks over an agreed extended time period and further exploration of future housing options available at each location.
"Once these plans have been developed, we will seek business case approvals from the relevant government departments.
"In the meantime, we will continue to maintain all our tower blocks and ensure health and safety and other work is carried out as required."
Uni-Select Inc. announced today that one of its subsidiaries has completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of KC Distributing Inc. with one location in Owen Sound, Ontario.
KC Distributing is a family-owned enterprise with more than 30 employees, and provides quality automotive products and excellent service to the Southwestern Ontario market.
“With this transaction, we add a solid team and a stable business organization carrying diverse product categories including automotive parts, paint and body supplies, as well as industrial products, to the Uni-Select family,” said Gary O'Connor, president and chief operating officer, Canadian Automotive Group.
“With the recent opening of our new greenfield location in London, [Ontario], this marks a second initiative to increase our presence in the southwestern part of Ontario, a market where we intend to further increase our presence with our Bumper to Bumper banner and additional independent customers,” said Henry Buckley, president and CEO of Uni-Select.
Top 10 Player of the Year candidates
College football's best players were just in New York and Atlanta to receiver their honors, while their basketball counterparts are just getting started the race to be the nation's best. With about a quarter of the season done, and barely any conference games having been played, some players have already showcased the kinds of performances worthy of end of season awards. The college basketball landscape is littered with freshmen off to a hot start to their careers and upperclassmen establishing their dominance early on.
Through about one month of play, this group of players has jumped out as possible winners of National Player of the Year.
10. Ethan Happ, Wisconsin
Though the season has not started perfectly for the Badgers, Happ has not been the issue so far. As Wisconsin has stumbled to a 4-7 record, the junior center has averaged 16.3 points, 8.6 rebounds, and 3.1 assists, while playing some of the most impressive and versatile defense in the nation. He's led the Big Ten in steals back-to-back seasons, plus topped the conference in 2-point field goals and offensive rebounds last year. Though known for his work on the block and around the basket, Happ has attempted to add a jump shot to his repertoire this season. Last season, just 18 percent of his shots were jumpers, and he only made 34 percent of those jump shots. This season, more than a quarter of his attempts are jump shots, and he's making half of them. If defenders need to respect him from outside of ten feet, his inside game and fleet footwork becomes even more effective.
9. Kyle Guy, Virginia
Though known for slow, methodical play, Virginia is actually capable of having a player who is fun to watch. Case in point: Kyle Guy, who is among college basketball's most exciting players. No Cavalier in the Tony Bennett era has had a quicker trigger, brighter green light, or deeper range. Within the flow of the Virginia motion offense, Guy is able to pick his spots and drain shots from all over the floor. The former McDonald's All-American is shooting over 44 percent from outside the arc and averaging 16.8 points per game for a Cavalier team that plays the slowest pace in college basketball and scores less than 70 points per game. Against West Virginia, Guy buried six threes during a light out second half.
8. Trevon Bluiett, Xavier
Last season, the Musketeers' best player led the Big East in 3-pointers made and attempted, at a modest 37 percent. That's a very solid percentage for a high volume shooter, but not otherworldly. This season, Bluiett has stepped his game up. He's attempting more threes per 40 minutes of play and making a red hot 47 percent of those shots. Blueitt has been on fire, topping 25 points six times this season already. His offensive effectiveness will pull Xavier all season, keeping the Musketeers in every game they play. He dropped 28 in Xavier's biggest game this season, the rivalry match-up with nearby Cincinnati.
7. Grayson Allen, Duke
College basketball's most polarizing player may also be its best. Allen is the rare senior with the athleticism, scoring punch, and star power to take over a game at a moment's notice. Allen is averaging 17.2 points and 4.4 assists per game for America's most-watched team. West Coasters and mid-major fans would never admit it, but big national awards tend to go to players with high name recognition. Allen might be college basketball's most well-known player, and he's performing well enough to attract even more attention.
6. Mikal Bridges, Villanova
Conventional wisdom had Villanova point guard Jalen Brunson as a National Player of the Year candidate. After what we've seen early in the season, it has been Mikal Bridges instead emerging as one of the nation's top players. The junior forward uses his athleticism and long frame to stuff the stat sheet in a variety of ways. He's averaged 18.1 points, 6.4 rebounds, 1.7 assists, 2.1 steals, and 1.3 blocks so far this season. Once considered a raw prospect, he's now an incredibly skilled offensive player, making nearly half of his 3-point attempts this season. Bridges makes the Wildcats dangerous on both ends, as a scoring option and using his wingspan in Villanova's lethal pressure defense. His effectiveness was on full display for all to see as Villanova handily defeated Gonzaga at Madison Square Garden.
5. Bonzie Colson, Notre Dame
Though only 6-foot-5, the Irish power forward uses his body in a Barkley-esque fashion to dominate the paint. Colson is averaging 24.0 points, 12.5 rebounds, and 3.4 blocks per 40 minutes on the floor. His unique size and shape, make him a match-up nightmare for every opponent. Thanks to his crafty post moves and physical play, Colson is shooting 81.5 percent at the rim. When the Irish need a bucket, it is no secret where they will look. Bonzie Colson is as reliable as any player in college hoops.
4. Marvin Bagley III, Duke
Grayson Allen isn't the only Player of the Year candidate on the Blue Devils. Freshman phenom Marvin Bagley III has been sensational to start his career. He's posting 21.3 points and 11.3 rebounds on a nightly basis. Bagley has posted a double-double in 10 of his first 12 games, which includes one game he left with injury early in the first half. Bagley's 34 point, 15 rebound game versus Texas at the PK80 Tournament may have been the best single game performance we've seen all season. He's poured in more points than any other player this season, with more than a quarter of his baskets coming via putbacks. Bagley's domination of the glass and the rim has proven to be an elite skill early on.
3. Devonte' Graham, Kansas
With last year's Player of the Year Frank Mason III sharing the backcourt at Kansas, Devonte' Graham didn't have a chance to shine. He'd shown flashes of brilliance, particularly on the defensive end of the floor, but rarely handled the basketball or served as the primary scoring option. This season, with Mason gone, Graham has taken over as floor general and top dog for the Jayhawks. He's posting 16.9 points and 7.7 assists per game. Graham even posted 35 points in back-to-back games before a dud against Washington, drilling 12 of 21 3-point attempts in those contests.
2. Trae Young, Oklahoma
The freshman point guard arrived in Norman as a highly-touted recruit, but no one expected him to be as magnificent as he's been so far. Young leads the nation in points per game and leads power conference players in assists per game. He has the Sooners offense humming like a well-oiled machine, playing the 9th-fastest pace in the country. Young's scoring has come from all over the floor, making 37.7 percent of his threes, with less than half of those coming via an assist. Meanwhile, he's assisting on 48 percent of his teammates' buckets and getting fouled more than 7 times per 40 minutes. Opposing defenses have no answers for Trae Young yet this season.
1. Miles Bridges, Michigan State
When the Michigan State star announced he would return to college for his sophomore season, he surprised the entire basketball community and instantly put his name at the top of every list for this year's National Player of the Year race. To date this season, he has done nothing to surrender that spot. Despite adjusting from power forward to a small forward role more on the perimeter, Bridges (no relation to Villanova's Mikal Bridges) has been excellent. His size and athleticism make him one of the most difficult match-ups in college basketball. In a loss to Duke at the Nike PK80 event, Bridges added 4 blocks to his 19 points, 5 rebounds, and 4 assists. As the Spartans make their way through the Big Ten schedule, Bridges will lead the way.
Shane McNichol covers college basketball and the NBA for Larry Brown Sports. He also blogs about basketball at Palestra Back and has contributed to Rush The Court, ESPN.com, and USA Today Sports Weekly. Follow him on Twitter @OnTheShaneTrain.
Oyo Introduces School-on-Air Teaching Method
As part of efforts to improve standard of education in the state, Oyo State Government has introduced School-on-Air teaching method to further enhance academic programmes of public secondary schools in the state. Speaking with newsmen in Ibadan yesterday ,the state Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, Professor Adeniyi Olowofela explained the importance of the programme […]
The post Oyo Introduces School-on-Air Teaching Method appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Trump said Monday that some Americans are abusing the country's welfare system while others may not be getting benefits they're entitled to — and he wants to straighten it out.
“Some people are taking advantage of the system. We are looking very, very strongly, therefore, at welfare reform,” Trump said at the White House as he met with his cabinet.
The president also slammed big pharma, and charged that companies were treating the US unfairly compared to how they deal with other nations.
“Prescription drug prices are out of control” with drugs costing much more in the US than in other countries. “Meaning as usual the world is taking advantage of the United States,” he said.
“The drug companies quite frankly are getting away with murder.”
Trump also alluded to one of his major campaign promises, saying, “More than ever we need the wall” on the Mexican border, even though illegal immigration has dropped dramatically in recent years.
With tax and health care reform, smoldering crisis in North Korea and the Middle East, the president's comments on welfare reform add another issue to an already full agenda.
Before he took office, Andrew Cuomo's Big Idea was to be a “strong governor.” He believed New York was lagging the nation because his predecessors had been pushed around by the Legislature, unions and other special interests.
Any assessment of his tenure would have to conclude that Cuomo kept that promise. He has been New York's strong man, sometimes to a fault, but there has never been much doubt about who runs Albany.
Until now. Faced with a challenge from the left by Cynthia Nixon, Cuomo suddenly isn't so much running Albany as he is running scared.
His campaign is fixated on anticipating what Nixon will say next, then saying it first. That he does it with his customary bravado doesn't hide the fact that she is setting his agenda.
Thus, when he stood next to Al Sharpton to announce he was granting 35,000 parolees the right to vote, the governor said it was “unconscionable to deny voting rights to New Yorkers who have paid their debt and re-entered society.”
Presumably, he found it conscionable for the first seven years and three months of his tenure.
Similarly, his revelation this week is that plastic bags are bad for the environment, saying they are a “blight” that take a “devastating toll.”
But just last year, when Mayor de Blasio proposed taxing them 5 cents each as a way to discourage public use, Cuomo dismissed the idea.
The governor's fearful conduct toward Nixon is especially odd given that, by almost every measure, he has been one of the most liberal governors in America. He early on delivered the Holy Trinity of the left's agenda — passing gay marriage, gun control and banning fracking.
And none can accuse him of imposing austerity. Per capita, New York spends more of its own money on residents than any other big state in the nation and the tab has been rising relentlessly.
Year after year, New York is among the most generous when it comes to Medicaid benefits, school spending, employee salaries and pensions, caring for the poor and distributing grants and business incentives.
One result is that Cuomo's New York also tops the charts when it comes to squeezing taxpayers. Many high earners are leaving and are being replaced by poorer newcomers, a dynamic that has saddled the state with high fixed costs even as taxes and services cannot keep up with growing demand.
see also New York taxpayers have the highest burden in nation New York has once again landed a prize it doesn't...
That gap is the heart of Nixon's argument, which is that the state is not doing nearly enough for the poor and middle class. She, like Bernie Sanders and de Blasio, fancy themselves as progressives, which is a euphemism for wanting to tax and spend more — a lot more — than mere liberals.
On one level, Nixon's case is an indictment of liberal governance. Although she talks mostly about expanding government instead of reforming it, the fact remains that a bloated bureaucracy, political pandering and corruption soak up large chunks of public spending, with the result that many services have a threadbare quality despite the $168 billion budget.
Take the subways. Waste and the feather-bedding union rules that drive up the cost of new construction to as much as $3.5 billion per track mile don't leave enough money for basic maintenance and services. That translates into near-daily disruptions for millions of riders.
Although Cuomo's recent actions amount to a concession that he has not been doing enough, another, more rational response would have been that there are limits to what government can do. It cannot, he might have said, be all things to all people and take care of every conceivable human need.
By example, he could point to the rise of homelessness in the city and challenge Nixon and de Blasio to stem the tide within a budget approaching an astonishing $1.6 billion.
But Cuomo doesn't make those arguments because, even if he believes them, he fears a leftist backlash. So he gives and gives and gives, hoping to persuade progressives that he really is one of them.
It's a tough sell and also leaves the argument for a more efficient, targeted government still on the table. I hope the Republican nominee, likely to be Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro, will make that case.
His goal need not be to shrink government, though that would be nice.
Rather, the state can realistically aim to do a better job of delivering services while living within its means.
see also Cuomo grants parolees the right to vote Appealing to his left flank, Gov. Cuomo announced Wednesday that...
That would make New York more competitive and spark more growth than all of Cuomo's misbegotten mega economic development plans, which produced more corruption than jobs.
At any rate, Cuomo is now stuck between two arguments for change, giving him the unenviable position as the status quo candidate in an era when nearly all voters are dissatisfied. Even assuming he defeats Nixon for the nomination, it is a guessing game about which Andrew Cuomo would show up for the general election.
Would he try to veer sharply back toward the middle? Or would he keep wearing the borrowed mantle of Sanders and Nixon?
Such is the predicament of someone who has lost confidence in himself and his record.
Well-Red journo
The spirit of Commie-loving Herbert Matthews lives at The New York Times. In a piece that could have been written by the dishonored correspondent who promoted Fidel Castro's revolution with giddy enthusiasm, reporter Azam Ahmed offers a long puff piece about retiring Raul Castro without any hint that Cuba is a police state that has not held real elections in nearly 60 years.
Naturally, Ahmed's most barbed criticism is aimed at President Trump, who is accused of having “lashed out at Cuba” and creating a “sudden slide” in relations. By all means, blame America first. Some things — and some places — never change.
Amazon begins deliveries to vehicles
In New York, this isn't as shocking as it sounds. Traffic here is almost always at a standstill, giving your car the closest thing to a permanent address.
Dems' perilous game of Armaget-Don
Do Democrats in Washington stand for anything other than being anti-Donald Trump?
The question has urgency because of the upcoming midterm elections, and because of the disgraceful recent conduct of party leaders.
The near-total opposition to Mike Pompeo in the Senate for Secretary of State marked a new low for an opposition party.
Pompeo squeaked by the Foreign Relations panel without a single Dem vote, despite the fact that he is superbly qualified and had been easily confirmed as CIA director.
As many 45 Dems will vote no in the full Senate, with those votes having nothing to do with Pompeo and everything to do with the president who nominated him.
This is partisanship of the most extreme kind and, unless it stops, will lead to a collapse of the core cooperation necessary for the government to function.
If that happens, Katie bar the door, the end is near.
Tough times ahead for text book sellers and publishers
The Standard
Education Cabinet Secretary Fred Matiang'i during a function at the Kenya Institute of Curriculum Development (KICD) in Nairobi. [Photo: Willis Awandu, Standard]. The multi-billion-shilling textbook business is facing collapse after the Government …
and more »
Wal-Mart really soiled his reputation.
A Montana professor is suing Wal-Mart for libel because an employee listed the academic's occupation as “toilet cleaner” on a fishing license application.
Montana State University assistant professor Gilbert Kalonde bought a state fishing license from a Wal-Mart in April 2015, and a store employee used Kalonde's MSU I.D. when filling out an application form, according to a complaint filed in Gallatin County District Court.
But when the employee entered Kalonde's occupation into a computer database, he wrote that the professor “cleans toilets,” the complaint charges.
The incident exposed Kalonde to “hatred, contempt [and] ridicule,” the suit claims.
Wal-Mart is looking into it, spokesman Ragan Dickens said.
“To our knowledge an administrative process to resolve this with Dr. Kalonde is ongoing,” Dickens told The Associated Press. “We've not been served with the lawsuit, but we take the claims seriously and will respond appropriately with the court.”
With Post wires
WASHINGTON — Members of Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team traveled to interview the former British intelligence officer who authored a dossier alleging collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia, a source close to the ex-spy tells NBC News.
Few other details were forthcoming about the interview, but Mueller's interest in Christopher Steele puts a new focus on the 35-page dossier he compiled, which includes salacious sexual allegations that then-president-elect Donald Trump denied. CNN first reported Thursday that the interview with Mueller's team and Steele took place.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mueller met with author of Trump Dossier 3:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Steele, who works in the private intelligence business in London, was hired by an American firm, Fusion GPS, to compile opposition research about Trump during the election campaign. The dossier laid out the results of his information-gathering. Fusion GPS was co-founded by a former Wall Street Journal reporter, Glenn Simpson.
Related: Senate Intel Heads Say Trump-Russia Collusion Is Still Open Question
Steele, who was once a spy in Russia and has spent a career developing an expertise on the country, relied on a network of sources and information collectors, some of whom were paid, according to the source. He did not travel to Russia himself, the source said.
At one point after the FBI began investigating in July 2016, NBC News has reported, the FBI considered paying Steele to continue his information-gathering, but that never came to fruition.
Former U. S. intelligence officials who worked with him have vouched for Steele's professionalism and his Russia expertise. Also, Steele had provided the FBI significant information for its investigation of corruption in international soccer. But some former intelligence officials have cast doubt on some of the dossier's claims.
The dossier grew out of an effort by an unknown Republican person or group to gather opposition research on Trump during the primaries, and an unknown Democratic person or group took over paying for the effort during the general election, the source said.
Included in the dossier is an unproven allegation that Russian intelligence agencies have video recordings of Trump and prostitutes at Moscow's Ritz Carlton hotel.
Then-FBI Director James Comey told Trump about the dossier after his first intelligence briefing shortly before he took office.
At his first news conference in January, Trump denounced the document, which was first published by Buzzfeed.
"A thing like that should have never been written, it should never have been had and certainly should never have been released," he said, later saying the memo was written by "sick people [who] put that crap together."
Related: Senate Intelligence Heads Showcase Bipartisanship in Russia Probe
The sex allegation is only a small part of the document, and perhaps only marginally relevant to the larger question that is the subject of Mueller's investigation: Whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russian intelligence effort to interfere in the presidential election with hacking, leaking and fake news.
The dossier asserts that the Trump campaign engaged, as the document puts it, in a "well-developed conspiracy of cooperation," with Russian intelligence agencies as they sought to interfere in the 2016 presidential election.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed OCT. 4: Senate Intel Chair: Trump-Russia Collusion Question 'Remains Open' 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Sen. Richard Burr, the chairman of the Senate intelligence committee, said this week that "we have been incredibly enlightened in our ability to rebuild backwards the Steele dossier up to a certain date." Two committee sources told NBC News the intelligence committee has verified part of the dossier, but they won't say which parts.
U.S. officials have said that the FBI also has verified aspects of the dossier. It's unclear what those are.
But some claims in the dossier seem to line up with known facts.
For example, the dossier says Trump sought to secure business deals in Russia, saying, "Regarding TRUMP's claimed minimal investment profile in Russia, a separate source with direct knowledge said this had not been for want of trying. TRUMP's previous efforts had included exploring the real estate sector in St. Petersburg as well as Moscow…"
In August, Trump lawyer Michael Cohen acknowledged that during the Republican primaries in 2016, he was seeking on Trump's behalf to build a Trump Tower in Moscow.
James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence, said in June that Trump asked him to refute the claims in the dossier.
"I could not and would not," Clapper said he replied.
CORRECTION (Oct. 6, 6 p.m.: An earlier version of this article erred in describing the date when major news media first reported that hackers linked to Russia had attacked the Democratic National Committee. It was June 14, not July 28. The Steele dossier did not mention the DNC hacks until after they were reported in the news media.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - LMPD has responded to a stabbing in downtown Louisville near the Greyhound bus station.
MetroSafe confirmed that shortly after 9 p.m. Monday, a man was stabbed in the 700 block of West Muhammad Ali.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
News & Weather Apps
MetroSafe also verified that the victim was taken to the University of Louisville Hospital with serious but non-life-threatening injuries. He told police that he was stabbed at an old gas station across from the bus station before walking to Greyhound to get help, MetroSafe said.
Anyone with information about this case is asked to call 574-LMPD.
Please refresh this WAVE3.com page for updates to this developing story as new information becomes available.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Maintenance to a railroad crossing will cause road closures in Milford in the coming weeks. General maintenance on the railroad crossing on Route 113 between SR 14 and Kings Highway will be done beginning 10 p.m. Thursday, May 4 and will continue until midnight Friday, May 19, pending weather. Detours will be posted and will take you to Frontage Road southbound and Johnson Road northbound.
Kildare gardai are investigating an assault on a man in Kildare town on Saturday night, June 30 at 9,30pm that left him with a fractured skull and a bleed on the brain.
The injured party received a blow to his head with a closed fist that knocked him to the ground in Market Square. He sustained a fractured skull and a bleed on the brain and spent three nights in hospital after the incident.
According to gardai a witness came forward recently with information. Gardai do not yet have a suspect but the matter is still under investigation and they are currently reviewing all CCTV from the night.
Contact gardai on 045 527730 with information.
The goal Wednesday night was a modest one: watch, per chance to enjoy, some basketball. That's all. Fat per chance. We'll start slowly then join me as the blood pressure...
Video
Hundreds of flies have invaded people's homes, disrupting their lives.
Carmarthenshire council said health officials are trying to work out why there is such an issue.
Rachel Dyer, who lives in the area, said the infestation is affecting people's health.
ATLANTA — Ersan Ilyasova was flawless almost from start to finish Saturday night, and Kent Bazemore was perfect in the final minute for the Atlanta Hawks. They needed it to overcome Nikola Vucevic's first career triple-double.
Pretty as it was to watch Ilyasova score 26 points while making all nine of his shots, including five 3-pointers, Bazemore stole the show in scoring six points in an 18-second span in the final minute — four on dunks after steals — in Atlanta's 117-110 vicrtory over Orlando.
The game was tied at 110 before Bazemore, a forward known for his defence, did his thing. Twice he picked off Magic passes and quickly threw them down.
“We made winning plays in the last 90 seconds,” said Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer. “Kent Bazemore . . . his activity, his competitiveness. … Obviously, the steal in the middle of the court, but the activity, length, and arms on the inbounds makes it difficult (on the Magic).”
The Hawks (6-19) needed something special to win for the second time in six games, even though the Magic (12-17) lacked their two leading scorers.
Aaron Gordon (18.5 points per game) suffered a concussion in Friday's loss to the Nuggets, and Evan Fournier (18.3) remained sidelined with a sprained ankle.
Still, Orlando took the lead three times in the fourth quarter and the Hawks – with three injured big men inactive — had no answer for Vucevic as he registered game highs with 31 points, 13 rebounds and 10 assists. The 7-foot centre made 4 of 6 3-pointers.
Plus, Johnathan Simmons added a career-high 29 points for Orlando.
Ilyasova scored 10 of Atlanta's first 14 points and had 13 in the first period.
He was irked about missing 2-of-4 free throws in the fourth quarter. Ilyasova made his only free throw before that, added four assists and three rebounds and did not turn the ball over.
“Not really,” Ilyasova said when asked if he had a special feeling going into the game. “It was one of those nights, I guess. Obviously, everybody came out with a lot of energy. You have to give them credit; the Magic obviously (had) a back-to-back.
“We kind of knew we had to go at them at the beginning of the game . . . those free throws, I was kind of disappointed.”
Atlanta shot 51.2 per cent in the game, and tied a season high with 17 made 3-pointers on 33 attempts.
Bazemore (19 points) made three 3-pointers, and point guard Dennis Schroeder added 18 points with seven assists.
Schroeder tied the game with a pair of free throws at the 56-second mark.
Then, Bazemore happened.
He stole a pass from Simmons to Vucevic and took it two-thirds of the court to dunk for the lead with 36 seconds remaining.
“Bazemore made huge plays; a lot of credit to them,” Vucevic said. “That was a big play by him, to time that right.”
After he was fouled following his rebound of an airball by former Hawk Shelvin Mack, Bazemore added a pair of free throws with 21 seconds left, and Orlando head coach Frank Vogel called timeout.
Next, Bazemore stole Mack's inbounds pass from the sideline, and again raced for a dunk with 18 seconds left to put away the Magic.
TIP-INS
Magic: Vucevic on back-to-back nights combined for 52 points and 30 rebounds after scoring 21 points and grabbing a season-high 17 rebounds in a loss to Denver. . . . In Gordon's place, 6-foot-8 guard/forward Mario Hezonja made his first start. The native of Croatia scored seven points and on 3-of-9 shooting. . . . Orlando had a season-high 39 assists.
Hawks: Once again without injured big men Mike Muscala (left ankle sprain), John Collins (sprained shoulder) and Dewayne Dedmon (left tibia stress reaction), the Hawks started Miles Plumlee at centre. He finished with three points and three rebounds. . . . Reserve forwards Marco Belinelli (13 points) and rookie Tyler Cavanaugh (14 points) each made three 3-pointers.
ABOUT FREE THROWS
Magic head coach Frank Vogel surely wasn't happy about the disparity at the free throw line, where the Hawks made 18 of 25 to his team's 7 of 8. “No comment,” he said. “Look, we played hard and played the right way. I'm proud of the effort.”
UP NEXT
Magic: Host Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday night.
Hawks: At New York on Sunday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In the São Paulo neighbourhood of Liberdade, samba and Japanese tradition often mix
Who would have known that the Okinawan language found a home in Brazil just when it was fading back in Japan? BBC Brasil's Leticia Mori has this report from São Paulo.
Walking around Liberdade district, you would be forgiven for thinking you were in Tokyo. Nowhere in Brazil are the influences of Japanese immigration more visible than in this bustling part of Brazil's biggest metropolis.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Japanese food is popular in Brazil
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Typical Japanese archways span streets in São Paulo
The names on shop fronts are in Japanese and they sell everything from Japanese food and kitchen utensils to traditional home decorations.
Red painted archways and a Japanese garden delight visitors venturing to this little Japanese corner of Brazil.
Japanese migration to Brazil is celebrated annually on the anniversary of 18 June 1908, the date when the Japanese ship Kasato-Maru arrived in the port of Santos, south of São Paulo, carrying the first 781 people to take advantage of a bilateral agreement promoting migration.
Half of them were from the southern part of the island of Okinawa, located about 640km (400 miles) south of the rest of Japan, which had its own distinct language and culture dating back to before the island's annexation by Tokyo in 1879.
Today, Brazil is home to the world's largest community of Japanese descendants outside of Japan, numbering about 1.5 million people.
Why did they come from Okinawa?
Japanese authorities promoted emigration as a national policy until the late 1960s to alleviate poverty and overpopulation and encouraged people from rural areas in particular to seek work abroad.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Brazil has a large community of people descended from Japanese immigrants
There had been earlier policies to send migrants to work as labourers in the Hawaiian sugarcane fields, on the US mainland and Canada's West Coast and, to some extent, in Mexico but they proved short-lived as those countries adopted restrictions on immigration.
Tokyo soon started looking for opportunities further south.
Brazil, where slavery had been abolished in 1888, was looking for cheap labour to work in the coffee plantations of its south-east.
Japanese migrants filled that gap but quickly many realised they could earn more by working their own land.
The community soon prospered working the rich, arable lands of São Paulo state, where they revolutionised agricultural techniques, growing a variety of vegetables, rice and greens, some of which they introduced to the country.
Unlike in their homeland, where the Japanese authorities banned the Okinawan language following the islands annexation, Okinawans living in Brazil were free to speak their language and celebrate their culture.
What happened to their language?
Yoko Gushiken, 70, came to Brazil when she was 10.
Image caption Yoko Gushiken (top row, far right) continued to practice traditional dances after she emigrated
"If we spoke Okinawan at school, we'd be punished but at home I spoke it secretly," she says about her childhood back home.
She says that she and her older brother, both of whom settled in Brazil, still speak Okinawan fluently.
But back in Japan, its speakers are few and far between, prompting Unesco to add it to its list of endangered languages.
Ms Gushiken says her sister, who stayed in Japan, struggles to understand it.
"Once I went to visit her and we went to the theatre," she recalls. "The play was in Okinawan. I understood everything, and she didn't."
Roots music or pop?
The fact that Okinawan culture has thrived in Brazil is now attracting university students like Mei Nakamura and Momoka Shimabukuro, who have travelled to São Paulo all the way from Okinawa to get in touch with their roots.
Image caption Momoka Shimabukuro (left) has come to Brazil to explore her identity while Mei Nakamura is studying psychology
Ms Nakamura studies psychology and says she wants to understand how early migrants organised themselves in their new homeland.
Ms Shimabukuro says she came for personal reasons: "I was born and raised in Kin, a small town in Okinawa. I want to try and see things from a distance to try and find my own identity.
"Perhaps I'll find happiness through this external viewpoint."
Things back in Okinawa have changed, too, since the days of its annexation, with Tokyo now trying to showcase Okinawan culture.
"They are trying to portray a 'pop' Okinawa, with music and animes," historian Ricardo Sorgon Pires explains.
"More people are interested in understanding their [Okinawan] roots and that has translated into more interest in Brazil," the academic from the University of São Paulo says.
Who sings in Okinawan?
Another young Okinawan who has come to Brazil to learn about her culture is singer Megumi Gushi.
Image copyright Associação Okinawana Kenjin do Brasil Image caption Megumi Gushi plays the sanshin and sings in Okinawan
Ms Gushi is in Brazil on an exchange programme and her aim is to improve her pronunciation so she can better sing in Okinawan.
During her stay in São Paulo, she has spent time with elderly migrants as well as folklore groups which still play the sanshin, a traditional snakeskin-covered string instrument.
Terio Uehara is the president of the Okinawa Association of Vila Carrao, which forms part of the exchange programme.
He argues Okinawan culture is so vibrant here precisely because it has had to survive so far from its homeland.
"In Okinawa, family roots are highly valued," says. "Most descendants know what town their family is from, and even what district. Okinawans are very united and they need to be even more so when they go abroad."
After the terrible and very public Las Vegas massacre, people want to give and lend a hand after such tragedy.
Social-media users are urging people not to share video footage showing the death of a Cleveland grandfather whose slaying was recorded by his killer and posted on Facebook.
“Please please please stop retweeting that video and report anyone who has posted it! That is my grandfather show some respect #Cleveland,” wrote Ryan Godwin, a grandson of the 74-year-old victim, Robert Godwin Sr.
The message has since been retweeted more than 27,000 times.
“Very sorry for your loss, and very disappointed that we live in a society where you had to ask that,” user Scott Menor replied.
The video of Godwin's death remained on Facebook for about three hours before it was removed. The elderly man's son, Robert Godwin Jr., told Cleveland.com he can't bear to watch the clip.
One late black music legend will be honored at Grammys Stevie Wonder will honor late Earth, Wind & Fire legend Maurice White at the Grammy Awards following pressure from the music industry to diversify its all-white tribute lineup.
One late black music legend will be honored at Grammys Stevie Wonder will honor late Earth, Wind & Fire legend Maurice White at the Grammy Awards following pressure from the music industry to diversify its all-white tribute lineup.
One late black music legend will be honored at Grammys Stevie Wonder will honor late Earth, Wind & Fire legend Maurice White at the Grammy Awards following pressure from the music industry to diversify its all-white tribute lineup.
One late black music legend will be honored at Grammys Stevie Wonder will honor late Earth, Wind & Fire legend Maurice White at the Grammy Awards following pressure from the music industry to diversify its all-white tribute lineup.
Lupita Nyong'o's stolen Oscar gown returned The thief who stole the Oscar dress worn by Lupita Nyong'o returned the gown to the scene of the crime on Friday.
ScarJo: There's nothing 'creepy' about John Travolta "There is nothing at all strange, creepy or inappropriate about John Travolta," Scarlett Johansson said of the actor, who planted a kiss on her at the Oscars.
The mother of Tamir Rice says she's disappointed a Cleveland police officer who fired the shot that killed her son won't face internal charges for use of force.
Samaria Rice says the officer and another who responded the day her son was killed should be fired.
Cleveland officials said Friday that internal disciplinary charges have been brought against the two white officers involved in killing the 12-year-old black boy.
Tamir was playing with a pellet gun outside a recreation center in 2014. He was shot within seconds after the officers arrived.
The patrolman who shot Tamir is accused of lying on his Cleveland police application, but no internal charges were brought against him in the shooting.
A police union leader says the officers did nothing wrong that day.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The year in nanny-state nonsense E.B. White reportedly said “the most beautiful sound in America” is “the tinkle of ice at twilight.” In 2015's twilight, fortify yourself with something 90 proof as you remember this...
Stars we lost in 2015 The world said goodbye to these celebrities this year.
The biggest stories of 2015 From Ben Affleck cozying up to his children's nanny to Hillary Clinton being "furious" over Bill's alleged role in a sex scandal, infidelity was responsible for some of Page Six's...
The meatiest celebrity beefs of 2015 Face it, everything is just bigger in the world of the rich and famous. But this isn't always a good thing. While this applies to perks of celebritydom like bank accounts,...
How well do you remember all these 2015 pop culture hot messes? It was a year of events, celebrities and things being said. It was a year unlike any other, although not really all that different from some. It was a year...
This was the year that China truly broke out Forget the reams of “person of the year” awards — 2015 may be remembered as the Year of Xi. Over Christmas, Chinese President Xi Jinping officially opened the Asian Infrastructure...
How 2015 debunked the 'war on women' Considering all we've heard about the supposed “war on women,” you might be surprised to hear that 2015 was a great year for the fairer sex in America. And 2016...
OTTAWA — The federal Conservatives blew past their governing Liberal rivals in last year's annual fundraising race — in donors as well as dollars.
Annual financial reports published on the Elections Canada website show the Tories raised $18.84 million from 94,786 contributors in 2017, outflanking the Liberals by nearly $5 million.
That's compared with $18.25 million the Conservatives raised from 82,662 donors in 2016.
For their part, the Liberals raised $13.89 million from just 64,444 contributors, compared with $17.18 million from 82,285 donors the previous year.
The 2017 numbers from the NDP have yet to be posted; Elections Canada says the party has been granted an extension on today's deadline.
In 2016, the New Democrats raised $5.39 million from 26,754 donors.
Stars of Coronation Street have gathered for the funeral of much-loved soap actress Liz Dawn.
Cast members past and present arrived at Salford Cathedral to pay their respects to the 77-year-old, who played the part of Vera Duckworth on the cobbles for 34 years.
The coffin of Coronation Street actress Liz Dawn is brought into Salford Cathedral for her funeral service
A coach of Coronation Street stars arrived at the church ahead of the service.
Among the mourners were Samia Longchambon, who plays Maria Connor, and her husband Sylvain, a professional ice skater.
Alan Halsall, whose character Tyrone Dobbs was taken in by Vera and husband Jack on the soap, attended with wife Lucy-Jo Hudson, who played Katy Harris in the soap.
Helen Worth, who plays Gail Rodwell, Jack P Shepherd, who plays David Platt, and Chris Gascoyne, the soap's Peter Barlow, were also present for the service.
Former stars Ken Morley, who played Reg Holdsworth, Bruce Jones, who played Les Battersby, and Alison King, who played Carla Connor, also turned out to pay their respects.
In her role as the wife of on-screen husband Jack, played by the late Bill Tarmey, the duo endeared themselves to millions of the Street's fans, becoming a staple of the ITV soap.
A former Woolworths shop girl from Leeds, who first set foot on Weatherfield's famous cobbles in 1974, Dawn, who had four children, died peacefully last week at home with her family around her.
She had been diagnosed with the lung disease emphysema and was written out of the show in 2008 at her request.
Jennie McAlpine, who plays Fiz Stape in the soap, Sally Dyvenor (Sally Metcalfe), Michael Le Vell (Kevin Webster) and Andrew Whyment (Kirk Sutherland) were also at the cathedral for the service, which was due to be followed by a private family committal.
NEW ORLEANS — The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's “crumbling infrastructure.”
When a heavy rain hits the 300-year-old city, residents have to move their cars to higher ground for fear of street flooding. And when pressure drops in the city's aging water delivery system, restaurants and cafes have to boil water to feed customers.
City officials say New Orleans needs more than $11 billion to update key parts of its infrastructure. The city has about $2 billion in hand, but it's not clear that Trump's plan will help make up the gap. New Orleans' mayor says Trump's proposal puts the onus on cities and states to raise taxes and fees to pay for the improvements.
Image copyright ROB SMYTH Image caption The eggs are destroyed through a process known as egg-pricking, in which the shell is pricked and injected with oil
Almost 1,800 greylag goose eggs have been destroyed at Victoria Park in east Belfast to prevent them from flying into the engines of nearby aeroplanes.
Victoria Park is close to the George Best Belfast City Airport, and planes fly directly overhead.
BBC News NI obtained the data through freedom of information request to the Northern Ireland Environment Agency.
Belfast City Airport has said it has a legal obligation to control the number of greylag geese for safety reasons.
The eggs are destroyed through a process known as egg-pricking.
During this process the shell is pricked and injected with oil, this prevents the embryo from developing into a chick and hatching.
The parent geese continue to sit on the eggs and therefore will not lay anymore.
The airport said the method was the most humane way to manage the population of geese, adding that no adult geese had been culled.
Image caption Councillor Georgina Milne said different methods should be used to control geese numbers
If a bird flies into a plane engine, it can damage the mechanics and a few planes have been brought down as a result of such bird strikes.
'Hospitable grass'
Green Party councillor Georgina Milne, who represents the Victoria Park area, said people enjoyed bringing their children to the park to learn about the wildlife.
"We need to find a more humane solution which are also more cost-effective," she said.
Ms Milne acknowledged that egg pricking is one of the more humane methods for managing geese, but said different methods should be used.
"It would be better if we tried to modify the environment," she said.
"Geese like very flat green grass so if you start to plant spiky grass It's not as hospitable for them.
"More experimentally in America, they are starting to use drones to try and scare the geese away.
"It's about balancing the very real health and safety risk with animal welfare and I really think that if we try to prevent the geese from landing here, rather than destroying their eggs, it will be much better.
"It's very important that people who use the park know that this is going on so that they can voice their opinions on it."
Image caption Greylag geese can often be seen on the grass beside the water in Victoria Park
Belfast City Airport has held a licence to carry out egg pricking since 2002.
In freedom of information request the Northern Ireland environment agency revealed that since 2002, 1,775 greylag goose eggs have been oiled and pricked.
The numbers involved vary each year, ranging from fewer than 50 to more than 250.
In recent years, an average of 100 eggs have been pricked.
Hazardous wildlife
A spokesman for the airport said: "In order to control the feral geese population in Victoria Park, the oiling and pricking of eggs is undertaken by a biologist under licence from the Northern Ireland Environment Agency and with the permission of Belfast City Council.
"The airport has a legal obligation to reduce the number of hazardous wildlife in the vicinity of the airport and does this through consultation with local authorities and wildlife experts.
"Earlier this year, Belfast City Airport was named Northern Ireland's Responsible Company of the Year by Business in the Community and, like all airports, is committed to managing its operations in an environmentally sensitive manner whilst ensuring air safety."
Image caption Planes regularly fly over Victoria Park and the geese throughout the day
A spokesperson for the council said: "Public health and safety is paramount to Belfast City Council.
"Due to concerns over the number of greylag geese in Victoria Park, and their potential threat to landing or taking off aircraft at George Best Belfast City Airport, Belfast City Council has an agreement with the airport granting them access to Victoria Park to carryout egg pricking."
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, he added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” he said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” he added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, he said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Anoka celebrated Coach Stan Nelson Day before Friday's game.
It was a night about a man, his family and the generations of football players who became a part of it.
Anoka celebrated Coach Stan Nelson Day on Friday night, with players spanning the entirety of the coach's 26-year tenure returning to celebrate and honor Nelson.
A pregame reunion for players and fans from when Nelson coached in Anoka from 1953–1978 was held in town, followed by a plaque unveiling at Goodrich Field and an ovation at midfield before the night's high school game between Anoka and Woodbury.
Players remember ‘Coach'
One of Nelson's first coaching decisions was to start a freshman at quarterback. Even if that player, Chuck Wennerlund, had other ideas about where to play.
It turned out to be the start of many wise moves, as Wennerlund became a four-year starter.
“For some reason, I don't know why, he chose me,” Wennerlund said. “I originally commented to him, I didn't want to play quarterback, I wanted to play defensive end. I thought I had a better chance of playing. “But he said, no, you're going to play quarterback.
Then all of a sudden – I was really the third string kind of guy because there were two seniors ahead of me – before the first game, the week of practice he switched me to quarterback and I was there for four years.”
Wennerlund noted the patience Nelson showed in him as he gained experience, and the motivational figure he was.
“He was a very inspiring man to me,” Wennerlund said. “I became very enthused listening to him in his pre-game talks. I just had to go out there and play well, there wasn't any option on that. I learned a newer meaning of competing.
“He was plenty tough, but he was very fair and just inspired you to play the game of football.”
Jerry Hall, a captain on that first team and who had a son play on Nelson's final team, agreed full-heartedly, sharing that Nelson grabbed the players' attention from the outset.
“I was here on this field, late summer of '53 when the new coach, this guy, comes walking down the stands,” Hall said. “Just a half a dozen, a dozen of the guys were playing football and that was when we met Stan Nelson.
“He was a young guy. He looked tough. He wasn't joking, just wanted to say hello and meet us. Very straightforward. We could kind of tell this was going to be a serious matter playing ball for Coach Stan Nelson.”
The Anoka teams became a part of their coach's family history, with each year adding another chapter.
“I think that tells the story all by itself,” Hall said. “We had a special one-on-one relationship, one-on-one team. But to see 20 teams like this, 30 teams come together. Of course we've known that through the years. You could tell how deeply, deeply these grown-up men feel about Coach Nelson.
“He feels so much for people, certainly for his family first. And then we became his family, those kids on the field. When you took that on, there was responsibility.”
Duane Blaska, who went on to play quarterback for the University of Minnesota's 1960 and 1961 Rose Bowl teams, highlighted how Nelson prepared his players for life beyond the high school level and cared about his players far more than just for what they could do on the field.
“I think anybody that was at the get-together would say the same thing: Stan was really a great coach and even a better person, so we were just fortunate to be able to play for a guy like him,” Blaska said. “At the time, none of us really knew of his background. He came as obviously a great athlete from Augsburg, but none of us knew about his war background. Then you place that all together, he got your attention.
“He was tough, but fair. I know in my case, I had a chance to go down and play at the University of Minnesota afterward, they ran the same system as Stan did here at Anoka. So I had a great advantage and I had a great coach.”
Family the most important
After attending Augsburg College and serving in World War II, Nelson coached for two years in Zumbrota and five years in Farmington.
He took over as head coach in Anoka in 1953 and remained until 1978.
During that time, Anoka won conference championships in 1955, 1962, 1963, 1964, 1972 and 1976, including 33 consecutive wins from 1961-1964 and a state championship in 1964 that led to Nelson being named the Minnesota High School Coaches Association Coach of the Year.
For Nelson, though, the night was not about one person, but about family and the sport that brought so many people back to the community it began.
“It's not me that's getting the award, it's my family too,” he said. “I just am blessed with such a great family. Athletics has done so much for them. It's been just a wonderful ride.
“I really feel bad that my wife, who is most responsible for raising the family, isn't here to enjoy it.”
Nelson was grateful for the generations of players who were able to attend and those involved in putting the night together.
“I want to thank the Anoka Alumni Club, Anoka High School and all the fans and players that made it possible. It's just been an awesome night. It's something I never dreamt of.”
[email protected]
LISBON, Ohio (WYTV) – It didn't go into double overtime like the last time Columbiana and Lisbon played on the Devils home court, but it was just as exciting. The Clippers scored twice in the final 23-seconds of the game to pull out a thrilling 49-47 victory over the Devils.
Last January the Clippers came from behind to beat the Devils 98-97 in a double overtime contest that helped boost the Clippers to an ITCL White Tier championship. This year the win helps give the Clippers an early boost in the EOAC standings. The Clippers now stand 5-0 overall, 3-0 in the league. The Devils drop to 3-2 on the season, 2-1 in league play.
With just 36-seconds remaining in the contest, the Devils Izzy Perez hit the second of two free throws to give the Devils a slim 47-45 lead. But the Clippers senior Alexis Cross would drive the baseline and score with 23 ticks remaining to tie the game at 47. That was followed ten seconds later by a steal and layup from Kayla Muslovski to provide the Clippers the winning points in the game.
“Lisbon always plays tough, our kids played tough. It was a good game. It was worth the six bucks,” Clippers coach Ron Moschella remarked.
“It's always a rivalry game. It's always really hard to play them. It's like the game,” Cross would emphasize. “No matter who's better it's always going to be a good game because we really like playing each other. Both are really good teams, and we both play really hard.”
“They keep coming out on top,” a somber Jamie Entrikin said of the rivalry. “They are a well taught, well-schooled team. And good teams find ways to win. We're a young team, and being in a situation like that is only going to help us get better going forward. It was a tough loss for us. They took it hard.”
The two teams battled at a frenzied pace right from the opening tip-off with the Clippers holding a 17-15 lead at the end of the first period. The Devils would jump back ahead midway through the second stanza when Perez had back-to-back steals and scoring layups to propel the Devils to a 25-20 lead. But the Clippers would close out the period with an 8-0 run to hold a 28-25 lead at intermission.
The Clippers would continue to hold a slim lead throughout the third quarter, not holding a lead larger than 5-points. Then the Devils Chloe Smith would connect on a three from the right point to make it a one-point game at 40-39 at the end of the period.
The game slowed tremendously in the final period with the Clippers trying to pull the Devils out of their zone defense while eating the clock with a lead. But once again Perez would ignite the Devils with a basket at the 4:25 mark to cut the Clippers lead down to 44-42. The Devils Hailee Carpenter would add a basket less than a minute later to tie the game at 44, followed by a basket by Maddie Liberati to give the Devils a 46-44 advantage. Cross would add a foul shot to make it 46-45, setting up the exciting final 36 seconds.
“I'm glad we're mentally tough enough to get it together and finish the game,” Cross explained. “We had a lot of mental mistakes which is good because we can learn from them and build from this game.”
Muslovski and Cross both scored 14 points in the game to lead the Clippers in the win. Cross would also pace the Clippers on the boards, along with Kennedy Fullum with 6 each.
The loss overshadowed a tremendous performance by the Devils Izzy Perez as she scored a game-high 17 points. Liberati would add 12 points. Autumn Oehlstrom would haul down 7 rebounds to lead the Devils on the boards.
“She can a do a little bit of everything,” Entrikin said of Perez. “She worked really hard this offseason on getting her shot better and now she has an outside threat. Put that with the way she can drive and penetrate to the hole and she is difficult to stop.”
“I'm proud of my kids. I felt they left everything they had out on the floor. That's all I ask of them,” Entrikin remarked. “It's tough right now.”
The Clippers also captured the j-v contest, winning 33-23 with Annaliese Quibley scoring a game-high 11 points.
High School Girls Basketball: Lisbon vs. Columbiana View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer Photo Credit: Lowell Spencer
Neustar, Inc., a trusted, neutral provider of real time information services and the ANA (Association of National Advertisers), today announced the winners of The ANA Genius Awards at the ANA Masters of Marketing conference in Florida. Part of the Analytics Center of Excellence (ACE), the Genius Awards, now in its fifth year, recognize the brands behind the most innovative and ambitious efforts in advanced marketing analytics. Distinguished for the impact they have on driving business goals and proving the value of how marketing influences ROI, the winners represent the industry's trailblazers in analytics.
"The 2017 ANA Genius Awards winners raised the bar on innovation and analytics impact," said Julie Fleischer, Vice President, Marketing Solutions, Neustar. "I congratulate Adobe, IBM and NASCAR for their dedication to driving transparency and delivering business growth through data and analytics. These trailblazers have proven that investing in measurement and analytics results in better business outcomes and greater media effectiveness."
The 2017 ANA Genius Awards winners are:
"What we're trying to focus on is really pushing into 'the why', 'the who' and the predictive part, to identify what's next," said Mickey Mericle, Vice President, Marketing and Customer Insights, Adobe. "We use our data to really look forward and to look beyond simply report cards."
"The amount of data we have available to us and the ability to really understand what the value of every dollar is has changed dramatically over the past 10 years," said Michelle Peluso, CMO, IBM. "The models have become more sophisticated, the tools have become better and the talent is so much richer in the data science and analytics field. Marketers have an opportunity to use analytics everyday to make sure that we can demonstrate return to all of our colleagues."
"We are committed to expanding and evolving the way we use data and analytics to help drive business value," said Jill Gregory, SVP and CMO, NASCAR. "Delivering best-in-class research and insights allows us to better serve our entire ecosystem, including our fans, teams, tracks and partners."
"The ANA is proud to be part of the Genius Awards because they shine a light on the essential role that marketing analytics plays in our industry," said Bob Liodice, CEO, ANA. "The influence that data and analytics have on marketing decisions will only increase in the future, and these honorees are at the forefront of that movement."
Recognized as one of the world's most prestigious accolades in the field of marketing analytics, the ANA Genius Awards recipients received a $100,000 prize for the winners' charity of choice. The ANA Genius Awards winners were selected by an esteemed panel of industry experts from some of the most prominent global brands. Judging panel heavyweights included Chris Guenther, SVP, Global Head of Programmatic, News Corp., Greg Pharo, Director, Media Analytics, The Coca-Cola Company, Jon Halvorson, VP, Global Media and Digital, Mondelez International and Kip Morgan, Director of Media and Branding Analytics, Prudential Advertising, to name a few.
In addition to Neustar's participation, the ANA Genius Awards are also offered in affiliation with Forbes, the official media partner of the 2017 ANA Genius Awards.
To learn more about the ANA Genius Awards or to watch the winners' videos, go to GeniusAwards.com.
About Neustar
Neustar is a global information services provider helping organizations grow and guard their businesses through our Marketing, Security, Risk, Registry and Communications Solutions. The Neustar MarketShare advanced analytics solution takes a holistic approach to measuring the effectiveness of advertising dollars. It combines the effects of an advertiser's digital campaigns with the effects of offline media, as well as a customer's behavior and non-media drivers. Neustar's advanced measurement capabilities can also help advertisers see which channels and consumer segments are more effective at different stages of the customer journey, break out media channel performance by customer segments such as new, existing and reactivated, and show which campaigns are more effective when launched simultaneously. More information is available at https://www.neustar.biz.
About the ANA
The ANA (Association of National Advertisers) makes a difference for individuals, brands, and the industry by driving growth, advancing the interests of marketers and promoting and protecting the well-being of the marketing community. Founded in 1910, the ANA provides leadership that advances marketing excellence and shapes the future of the industry. The ANA's membership includes more than 1,000 companies with 15,000 brands that collectively spend or support more than $350 billion in marketing and advertising annually. The membership is comprised of more than 750 client-side marketers and 300 associate members, which include leading agencies, law firms, suppliers, consultants, and vendors. Further enriching the ecosystem is the work of the nonprofit ANA Educational Foundation (AEF), which has the mission of enhancing the understanding of advertising and marketing within the academic and marketing communities.
$page_length='long'; ?>
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Halifax have completed the signing of local forward Brandon Douglas from Castleford on a season-long loan.
The 20-year-old prop spent the second-half of 2017 on loan with the Championship club, making 11 appearances for Richard Marshall's side.
He becomes Halifax's third signing of the off-season, following further props Harry Kidd and Will Maher, the latter of whom has also joined from the Tigers.
“Brandon enjoyed his short stint with us last year and performed well for us with a couple of injuries at an important time of our season. I spoke to Daryl (Powell) about Brandon's development and a further opportunity to join us again for 2018.
“With others interested, we felt it was best to get Brandon over to The Shay again – especially after the unfortunate knee injury sustained by Harry Kidd.”
Douglas added: “It will be good to go back to Halifax, I really enjoyed my time there last season. Getting regular game time is what I'm hoping for and getting the opportunity to develop my game under two fantastic coaches in Daryl and Richard will certainly improve me as a player. A combination of training at Cas and at Halifax will be great for my development.”
Image copyright Graeme Hart Image caption The charity wants to raise £6m for a new Scottish air ambulance
Plans are in place for a new air ambulance funded through charity donations.
Scotland's Charity Air Ambulance (SCAA) hopes to raise £6m for a second helicopter to add to the three existing air ambulances in operation.
The charity has operated an air ambulance since 2013, alongside two funded by the Scottish government.
Health Secretary Shona Robison said the charity's work helps to "save and improve lives every day".
SCAA chairman John Bullough said: "Our highly visible helicopter air ambulance has become a familiar sight as it deploys to time-critical medical emergencies throughout the country.
"Having responded to more than 1,700 emergency call outs, the charity has built a loyal and passionate following of donors, supporters and volunteers."
The charity is in talks with existing and potential major donors to secure the £6m required to launch and sustain a second helicopter for the first three years.
Pauline Howie, chief executive of the Scottish Ambulance Service, said: "We are delighted that plans for a new air ambulance are underway as it will undoubtedly help save even more lives.
"Due to the dedicated public support of SCAA, the charity has been able to undertake hundreds of missions which is a fantastic achievement.
"Air ambulances can save vital time in responding to patients particularly across remote and rural parts of Scotland, and a second helicopter from SCAA will bring additional resilience and capacity to our fleet to help those most in need."
SCAA provides the Scotland's only charity-funded air ambulance, while there are 39 charity helicopter air ambulances operating in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A major road through Chislehurst was shut for about four hours as police responded to report a man seen with a suspected firearm.
Metropolitan Police were called to Perry Street, at the junction with Foxbury Avenue, at around 5.20pm on Wednesday (May 30) following reports of a man believed to be seen with a suspected firearm.
Officers, including an armed response unit, attended the incident, and a number of roads were closed with people urged to avoid the area.
People on social media reported seeing "dozens" of police in the area, including an armed response unit, a large number of vehicles and a police helicopter.
Pictures and video taken at the scene showed a heavy police presence in the area, most notably on Foxbury Avenue.
(Image: @BR7BR5BR1News)
Buses running through Perry street were also diverted.
But Bromley MPS, who provide regular policing updates for the area, tweeted at just before 9.30pm to say the incident had been ‘stood down'.
(Image: @GrimeRapCritic1)
The tweet said: “Incident in Perry Street, Bromley has now been stood down. Roads all re-opened. No firearm found. No reported injuries. One arrest. Thanks for your patience.”
The Advertiser has asked police to provide more updates on the person arrested.
To see how the incident unfolded go to our live blog here.
The tech talent shortage is requiring many companies to think outside the box when it comes to finding employees to fill tech roles. This means looking beyond standard computer science graduates and expanding your search pool to include some nontraditional candidates, including those for whom tech is a second career, those with disabilities, and those from a variety of unrelated backgrounds.
"There are more positions open seeking computer science degrees than there are computer science degree graduates right now," said Blake Angove, director of technology services at LaSalle Network. "So if you want to get your position filled in a timely manner and get the work done, you have to look at more nontraditional degrees."
Often, other degrees include skills that can relate to IT roles, Angove said. For example, LaSalle Network recently placed an IT project manager with a history degree at a company. "They had strong writing skills, they had analytical skills, so those relate well to a project management position," he said. "So even though it's a technical role, the person is doing well on the job."
Here are some tips for finding and interviewing candidates who could make a difference at your company.
SEE: Interviewing guidelines policy (Tech Pro Research)
Revamping job postings
Finding a candidate who can do the job often means rewriting job descriptions, said Mel Hennigan, talent expertise panelist for the Society for Human Resource Management.
"When you start to reverse engineer the position and you can base the requirements on what outcomes you need to achieve, you start to realize you can broaden your pool," Hennigan said. "You no longer have to say, 'You must have this degree to qualify for this position.' Instead, it's 'You must meet these objectives,' and that opens the spectrum up a lot."
Many companies require a bachelor's degree for every position, even administrative ones, Hennigan said. "You should really break it down into what tasks have to be performed in order to achieve success, and then let the best candidate win based on their skills and abilities rather than on their credentials," she added.
For positions such as programmers, it's easy to set up an online test that allows you to objectively judge whether or not they have the abilities to complete the job. "A recruiter no longer has to pick up the phone for the initial screen, when a recruiting tool can provide the candidate with a set of questions that will help qualify them or disqualify them, and it can do so base on their actual abilities rather than their credentials," Hennigan said.
Budgeting for training to catch nontraditional employees up to speed will also allow you to make faster hires, and eventually make your company more competitive, Angove said. "We're finding companies that are fortunate enough to have that budget to provide training or certification are loosening up some of the specific technical requirements and ramping the people up," he added. Building a mentor program is also a successful and cost-effective way to help new employees learn more tech skills, Angove said.
Identifying skills, not degrees
Candidates build skills in many ways, all of which should be taken into consideration, said Kelli Jordan, IBM's talent leader for New Collar Initiatives. "They can build it in a four-year degree program. They can build it in a computer science program at a community college, or in a boot camp," she said. "What we like to focus on is that application of the skill, and a lot of that does come out in the interview process."
IBM performs skills assessments for job candidates, regardless of their background. For example, when interviewing for a software development role, interviewers give candidates a coding exercise, examine their GitHub repository, and talk to them about the code they wrote.
SEE: How CXOs can develop a diverse workforce (Tech Pro Research)
The interview process for all job candidates includes behavioral questions about what a candidate has done previously, such as "Tell me about a situation where you had to evaluate competing priorities." It also includes situational questions, which tend to work well for candidates with minimal experience, Jordan said. These are questions such as, "Walk me through how you might handle an upset client."
"That's going to help you to understand that candidate's thought process and their potential future behaviors, and together, they help you build a really good picture," Jordan said.
It's key to listen for a nontraditional candidate's intent, Jordan said. This person may have some great examples of how they have handled a situation in the past, but they may have applied that knowledge in a different way or setting. "Focus on the skill and the application of what they've done versus where they did it," she added.
Making interview accommodations
To attract more diverse candidates, Microsoft undertook a number of inclusivity measures in recent years, including reworking job descriptions and training managers on interviewing nontraditional candidates, according to Neil Barnett, the company's director of inclusive hiring.
About two and a half years ago, Microsoft created an autism hiring program. Some 50 employees have been hired through the program, Barnett said. About half of those employees had applied to jobs at Microsoft previously, he added.
But now, "we train managers and teams ahead of time on neurodiversity and disability etiquette," Barnett said. "We believe that by demystifying and breaking down the stereotypes of disabilities, we can help eliminate any unconscious biases that recruiters, hiring managers and teams might have before they interview a candidate."
Microsoft also trains hiring managers to offer job candidates the opportunity to ask and receive customizations for the interview. This might include performing a technical interview on their own familiar device, spacing more time between multiple interviews, or lengthening the time of each interview—which might allow someone with ADHD or a cognitive disability adequate time to think and respond to questions.
"Managers found that offering customizations have made all interviews more successful," Barnett said. "Asking candidates what they need to have the most inclusive interview experience will pay off in finding untapped talent."
Image: iStockphoto/Wand_Prapan
Keep up to date on all of the latest leadership news. Click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Visiting Kennedy Airport may feel like one big cattle drive for humans — but at least animals will soon be able to travel through the airport in the lap of luxury.
The transport hub is slated later this month to open a new and improved terminal just for animals — a 178,000-square-foot facility called the ARK that will help process everything from dogs and cats to thoroughbred horses and baby chicks.
“The ARK has been built to facilitate the safe and humane transportation of animals from around the world,” said John Cuticelli, whose company built the $65 million facility.
Cuticelli took The Post on an exclusive tour of the privately owned ARK, a maze of special rooms and bays reserved for handling all sorts of animals being brought into the US.
Some rooms feature anti-microbial coverings on the walls and special filtration systems to make sure no two animals are breathing the same air.
The ARK sits on 14.5 acres of land in a cargo area that is situated for easy access to aircraft.
Cuticelli expects about 5,000 horses, 10,000 small pets like dogs and cats and hundreds of thousands of birds to come through the facility each year.
The ARK will replace Vetport, an outdated facility that opened in 1951 and hasn't been as kind to animals as it could, said Cuticelli.
“Right now, animals can wait four or five hours on the tarmac or in the cargo facility because there is no other way to process them,” he said. “The ARK will be focused on the safe and humane transportation of animals.”
Cuticelli, who owns investment and real estate company Racebook Capital, answered a call three years ago from the Port Authority to develop the facility.
“I visited animal care facilities all over the world to see what everyone was doing. I wanted to be one of the only people in the world who understands the discipline completely,” he said.
Everyone who works at or even enters the facility must be screened and approved by the USDA, the TSA, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the US Department of Customs.
The start gun went off just five days ago; and now we're heading for a World Cup shootout.
As the two highest ranked teams in Pool C, that final fixture between Ireland and France always had the look of a showdown for progression to the semi-finals.
It's just that no one expected the road to Thursday's face-off to be so littered with danger.
Australia, buoyed by a desire to spoil the party, played on opening-night nerves to make Irish supporters sweat but Japan surprised everyone with an impressively steely and potent performance.
The UCD Bowl was crammed with enthusiastic fans who brightened up an overcast Dublin Sunday, but they fell quiet in a first half the Sakura 15 dominated.
It took serious guts to claw back that 14-point half-time deficit and keep dreams intact, but questions lingered when the dust settled.
Hannah Tyrrell tackles Honoka Tsutsumi
"We're just not clicking at the minute," Hannah Tyrrell said afterwards, the wing crushing any suggestion nerves had affected the Irish display.
"We're having a lot of unforced errors and that's really hampering us from getting going.
"Nerves are part and parcel of games for people; it's how you deal with them."
Tom Tierney remained defiant, and labelled the clash with France a "cup final".
"Nobody has put a loss beside our name," he said.
And that really is all that counts now.
This is tournament rugby in its purest form; 12 teams, three pools, only the winners and best runners-up progressing to the last four.
There is simply no room for error, and that burden – not to mention the pressure of being the host nation – has hung over Ireland like an overcoat in 30-degree heat.
They'll have to cast off the shackles and roll over vaunted opponents but that's been done before – and without Sene Naoupu, Alison Miller and Tyrrell herself, who were all withdrawn from February's game due to Sevens commitments.
"We got the job done," Tyrrell added. "We're just looking ahead to France now to rectify things."
It's never easy hosting major tournaments. It can galvanise you and it can suffocate you.
Ireland have twice been on the ropes now, looking towards their corner bleary-eyed and shaken, but they keep coming out swinging when everyone else has thrown in the towel.
It will take something remarkable for them to take their tournament north of the border.
The only thing we know is that they'll go down fighting.
Swansea City manager Carlos Carvalhal is delighted after his side come from behind to earn a point at Leicester City.
MATCH REPORT: Leicester City 1-1 Swansea City
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3 February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
What Does “Climate-Smart Agriculture” Really Mean? New Tool Breaks It Down
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Aug 14 2017 (IPS) - A Trinidadian scientist has developed a mechanism for determining the degree of climate-smart agriculture (CSA) compliance with respect to projects, processes and products.
This comes as global attention is drawn to climate-smart agriculture as one of the approaches to mitigate or adapt to climate change.
“It can be used as a preliminary filter to sort through the number of ‘green-washing' projects that may get funded under the rubric of climate-smart agriculture...all in a bid to access the millions of dollars that should go to help small and genuinely progressive farmers." --Steve Maximay
Steve Maximay says his Climate-Smart Agriculture Compliant (C-SAC) tool provides a certification and auditing scheme that can be used to compare projects, processes and products to justify the applicability and quantum of climate change funding.
“C-SAC provides a step-by-step, checklist style guide that a trained person can use to determine how closely the project or process under review satisfies the five areas of compliance,” Maximay told IPS.
“This method literally forces the examiner to consider key aspects or goals of climate-smart agriculture. These aspects (categories) are resource conservation; energy use; safety; biodiversity support; and greenhouse gas reduction.”
He said each category is further subdivided, so resource conservation includes the use of land, water, nutrients and labour. Energy use includes its use in power, lighting, input manufacture and transportation. Safety revolves around production operations, harvesting, storage and utilization.
Biodiversity support examines land clearing, off-site agrochemical impact, limited introduction of invasive species, and ecosystem services impact. Greenhouse gas reduction involves enteric fermentation (gas produced in the stomach of cattle and other animals that chew their cud), soil management, fossil fuel reduction and manure/waste management.
“These subdivisions (four each in the five categories) are the basis of the 20 questions that comprise the C-SAC tool,” Maximay explained.
“The manual provides a means of scoring each aspect on a five-point scale. If the cumulative score for the project is less than 40 it is deemed non-compliant and not a true climate smart agriculture activity. C-SAC further grades in terms of degree of compliance wherein a score of 40-49 points is level 1, (50-59) level 2, (60 -69) level 3, (70-79) level 4, and (80-100) being the highest degree of compliance at level 5.
“It is structured with due cognizance of concerns about how the global climate change funds will be disbursed,” he added.
The United Nations (UN) Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) describes climate-smart agriculture as agriculture that sustainably increases productivity, enhances resilience (adaptation), reduces or removes greenhouse gases (mitigation) where possible, and enhances achievement of national food security and development goals.
The climate-smart agriculture concept reflects an ambition to improve the integration of agriculture development and climate responsiveness. It aims to achieve food security and broader development goals under a changing climate and increasing food demand.
CSA initiatives sustainably increase productivity, enhance resilience, and reduce/remove greenhouse gases, and require planning to address tradeoffs and synergies between these three pillars: productivity, adaptation, and mitigation.
While the concept is still evolving, many of the practices that make up CSA already exist worldwide and are used by farmers to cope with various production risks.
Mainstreaming CSA requires critical stocktaking of ongoing and promising practices for the future, and of institutional and financial enablers for CSA adoption.
Maximay said C-SAC is meant to be a prioritizing tool with a holistic interpretation of the perceived benefits of climate-smart agriculture.
“It can be used as a preliminary filter to sort through the number of ‘green-washing' projects that may get funded under the rubric of climate-smart agriculture…all in a bid to access the millions of dollars that should go to help small and genuinely progressive farmers,” he said.
“C-SAC will provide bankers and project managers with an easy-to-use tool to ensure funded projects really comply with a broad interpretation of climate smart agriculture.”
Maximay said C-SAC incorporates major categories of compliance and provides a replicable analysis matrix using scalar approaches to convert qualitative assessments into a numeric compliance scale.
“The rapid qualitative analysis at the core of C-SAC depends on interrelated science-based guidelines honed from peer reviewed, field-tested practices and operations,” Maximay explained.
“Climate-smart agriculture often amalgamates activities geared towards adaptation and mitigation. The proliferation of projects claiming to fit the climate smart agriculture designation has highlighted the need for an auditing and certification scheme. One adaptation or mitigation feature may not be enough to qualify an agricultural operation as being climate-smart. Consequently, a more holistic perspective can lead to a determination of the level of compliance with respect to climate-smart agriculture.
“C-SAC provides that holistic perspective based on a structured qualitative assessment of key components,” Maximay added.
The scientist notes that in the midst of increased opportunities for the use of global climate funds, it behooves policymakers and financiers to ensure projects are not crafted in a unidimensional manner.
He added that small farmers in Small Island Developing States are particularly vulnerable and their needs must be met by projects that are holistic in design and implementation.
Over the years, agriculture organisations in the Caribbean have been providing funding to set up climate-smart farms as demonstrations to show farmers examples of ecological practices that they can use to combat many of the conditions that arise due to the heavy rainfall and drought conditions experienced in the region.
Maximay was among the first agricultural scientists addressing climate change concerns during the Caribbean Planning for Adaptation to Climate Change (CPACC).
A plant pathologist by training, he has been a secondary school teacher, development banker, researcher, World Bank-certified training manager, university lecturer, Caribbean Development Bank consultant and entrepreneur.
Maximay managed the first Business Development Office in a Science Faculty within the University of the West Indies. With more than thirty years' experience in the agricultural, education, health, financial and environmental sectors, he has also worked on development projects for major regional and international agencies.
Sometimes, things can stand out for all the wrong reasons.
Steve McNamara is probably no stranger to flippant, throwaway comments aimed his way over the coaching career, and a recent Catalans fixture in England was no exception. You know the usual stuff: McBanana this, McBanana that; how did you ever get the England job, and so on and so forth.
Comments like these have followed the 46-year-old around for a number of years now: and it's always been a little lost on me why, in truth.
The knives were out for McNamara after the opening few rounds this season again. With Catalans toiling at the wrong end, the usual jokes were surfacing about the former England coach and his credentials as a boss. Rightly or wrongly, McNamara was subject to all sorts of abuse.
But as the Dragons made their way into the top-eight last weekend courtesy of a fantastic victory against Castleford – more on that later – is Steve McNamara simply a better coach than most give him credit for?
Clearly, he is not a contender for Super League coach of the year when there are guys like Justin Holbrook still in employment elsewhere. That much is obvious. But McNamara is slowly imprinting his presence on the south of France and Les Dracs: and it is starting to show.
Let's start from the present day and work our way backwards. McNamara made it abundantly clear at this year's Super League pre-season media day that it would take time for Catalans to click this year, owing to the amount of players they had away at the World Cup, and subsequently returning late to pre-season training.
In actuality, they had almost a dozen players in the French squad – as well as the likes of Paul Aiton, Michael McIlorum Sam Moa and Brayden Wiliame representing their countries, too.
That would inevitably have an impact on how Catalans would start the year. Simply put, they were always going to start slow – and that proved to be the case. The Dragons appeared nailed-on for the Qualifiers after the opening month or so: but McNamara was insistent that the tide would turn eventually.
And now? The job isn't done – far from it, in fact – but with nine wins from their last 11 games in all competitions, Catalans are not only in the driving seat to avoid the Qualifiers this year, but they are also one win from Wembley and the Challenge Cup final. Granted, they will have to beat St Helens to reach the final – but their current form, illustrated by how they beat a Castleford side that were in great form, underlines they are now a serious threat to anyone they face.
McNamara's time preceding his arrival at Catalans was spent in Australia, working at both Sydney Roosters and New Zealand Warriors as an assistant coach. The people I've spoken to who knew McNamara well from his time year speak very highly of him indeed; he is widely-regarded as a very talented coach.
And that, I thought, was underlined during his time in charge of England now. This is not to detract from what Wayne Bennett is doing with the national side now, but McNamara put some firm foundations in place which Bennett is now wholly reaping the rewards of.
Perhaps the one shame is that their association and links with the FA at St George's Park, driven by McNamara and generally assumed to be a success, ended. But under McNamara, England were one individual error – out of his control, by the way – away from reaching a World Cup final in 2013. They won a Test series against a New Zealand side in 2015 who, at that time, were regarded as potentially the best team in the world.
McNamara is associated with the fall from grace at Bradford – or at least part of it. But the facts are that during his first season in charge, they came within a whisker of reaching the Grand Final. And although they slowly wilted as a major force thereafter, off-field turbulence was beginning to strangle the life out of the former Super League champions by that stage.
McNamara is also building for 2019 at Catalans with the signings of players such as Sam Tomkins and, if rumours are to be believed, Matty Smith. He's been the focal point of much derision in recent times, but I think it's a fair assumption that McNamara is actually a much, much better coach than people give him credit for.
In a strange kind of way, McNamara will have known that the usual comments that are aimed his way have had a different tone to them of late. Perhaps that's because they're tinged with frustration that his Catalans side are winning.
The Alex Jones who told his legions of "Infowars" listeners that bogus stories about the U.S. government being behind the 9/11 attacks and about Hillary Clinton operating a pedophile ring out of a Washington D.C. pizza joint is really "a performance artist."
That's according to Jones' own lawyer — not the mainstream media that the right-wing radio jock derides as "fake news."
"He's playing a character" and is nothing like his online persona, attorney Randall Wilhite reportedly insisted in a Texas courtroom at a pre-trial hearing ahead of the right wing radio jock's custody battle with ex-wife Kelly Jones.
Alex Jones
Judging Jones by his Infowars performances would be like judging Jack Nicholson by his depiction of the Joker on "Batman," Wilhite told state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo last week, the Austin American-Statesman reported.
Kelly Jones is seeking sole or joint custody of her three children, ages 14, 12 and 9, with her ex-husband, an ardent supporter of President Trump who broadcasts from his Austin home.
"He's not a stable person," she reportedly told the court. "He says he wants to break Alec Baldwin's neck. He wants J-Lo to get raped."
"I'm concerned that he is engaged in felonious behavior, threatening a member of Congress," she added, referring to Jones' recent comments about Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California. "He broadcasts from home. The children are there, watching him broadcast."
There was no immediate response to Kelly Jones' claims from Jones, 43, who is also known for pushing other widely discredited claims like the moon landing was faked and the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre was staged.
Meanwhile, lawyers for the warring Joneses began seating a jury in the Travis County courthouse for what's expected to be a contentious two-week hearing, court officials confirmed.
The couple divorced in 2015. Jones reportedly pays his ex-wife $43,000 per month, according to the Austin paper.
Jones' Infowars site was a hub for anti-Clinton conspiracies during the presidential campaign and Trump publicly thanked him for his support.
"You reputation is amazing," Trump he said in December 2015. "I will not let you down."
Jones claimed later that a victorious Trump later reached out to thank him and his listeners for his support.
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
The light is going to shine on this new memorial park in Dublin.
2:25
Tennis star's crash from grace leads to sad reality show Bernard Tomic's name has never been far from the headlines throughout his roller-coaster tennis career. After failing to qualify for the Australian Open, his decision to join the cast of...
Bernard Tomic's US Open pity party: 'Trapped' in tennis life Bernard Tomic left Wimbledon nearly two months ago in disgrace, slapped with a $20,000 fine — the second-largest in the stiff-upper-lip tournament's history — and dropped by his racket sponsor...
One of American men's best hopes just flamed out at US Open One of America's best hopes crashed out on the very first night of the U.S. Open, when Jordan Thompson staved off Jack Sock's spirited rally and pulled out a 6-2,...
Roger Federer was once a WWE-loving tennis 'crybaby' Before he became the face of tennis, or the man known for his mannered elegance, Roger Federer, too, was a crybaby. David Law, a former ATP communications manager, revealed on...
Wimbledon's prize money is so good, players show up just to get 'hurt' Bernard Tomic's clumsy press conference made him the face of Wimbledon's payday loophole crackdown, but he's just the tip of the iceberg. The unseeded Aussie was fined $15,000 on Thursday for...
Tennis bad boy goes nuts on heckler: 'I'll put my balls in your mouth' Australian tennis star Bernard Tomic's reputation took another hit after he told a US Open heckler to “suck my balls.” Tomic's foul-mouthed rant was picked up by court-side microphones during his first-round loss Tuesday...
Tennis bad boys in angry showdown with DC cop A pair of tennis bad boys were involved in a bizarre altercation with a police officer in Washington who insisted they leave their practice court due to a bad weather...
'Bulls--- he's sick': Tennis brats in predictable feud Nick Kyrgios returned serve at countryman Bernard Tomic after he accused the enigmatic star of faking an illness to get out of playing in Australia's Davis Cup matchup against the U.S. this...
Australian bad boy can't stop mocking Roger Federer Bernard Tomic has again attempted to put Roger Federer in his place following the Australian's fourth-round loss to Andy Murray on Monday night. The pair have exchanged verbal barbs throughout...
The week is designed to be a celebration of Arnold Palmer, one of the most iconic figures in all sports — not just the one he played and helped grow more than anyone who's ever picked up a golf club.
The Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill this week will be the first played since the tournament's inception in 1979 without the presence of its gracious host, who died Sept. 25 at age 87.
The moment Arnie died, one of the first thoughts to cross my mind was how special his tournament would be this year because there would not be a star in the game missing from the field out of the respect for the man who made the game what it is today for them.
Yet, amid the celebration of Arnie's life this week, there's a bothersome and uncomfortable undercurrent with regard to who is not playing.
Any Pollyanna hopes of a star-packed field at Bay Hill have not been realized, as just 14 of the top 25 players in the world rankings are in the field.
Curiously, some of the biggest names in the game are missing — Phil Mickelson, Jordan Spieth, No. 1-ranked Dustin Johnson, Adam Scott, Justin Thomas and Patrick Reed.
“I wouldn't want anyone to make stories out of who doesn't play,'' Ian Poulter told The Post. “If someone doesn't play, I wouldn't see it as a lack of respect to Arnie. It's a busy calendar. There is not a player who has a PGA Tour card that doesn't respect Arnie. The golf course might not suit everybody's eye, and because of that, you're going to get some guys that might not play.''
Billy Horschel was less diplomatic than Poulter last week, when he posted on Twitter: “Disappointing. Totally understand schedule issues. But first year without AP. Honor an icon! Without him wouldn't be in position we are in today.''
Horschel's position, neatly contained within 140 characters, was spot on in two ways:
Scheduling is indeed often difficult for players, particularly this year with Bay Hill sandwiched between two World Golf events — the WGC-Mexico Championship two weeks ago and next week's WGC-Dell Match Play Championship in Austin, Texas.
But, without what Palmer has done for the game, players would be playing for a fraction of the $1.556 million winners check they'll compete for this week and the countless millions from endorsements that line their pockets that Palmer's pioneering paved the way for.
“I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little disappointed,'' Palmer's grandson and current PGA Tour player Sam Saunders said of the weaker-than-it-should-be field. “It is difficult. There are a lot of big tournaments sandwiched around each other right now.''
It's a slippery slope to throw a blanket of criticism over every top player who is skipping this week's event.
Mickelson, for example, is a player who belongs at Bay Hill this week because he always had an affinity for Palmer and has, in a lot of ways, modeled himself after the King in the way he treats fans.
But, is Mickelson, who beginning next week will play three tournaments in a row through the Masters, showing disrespect for Palmer's legacy by not playing this week? He was, after all, one of only a handful of players who attended Palmer's funeral in October. That represents more respect than playing any golf tournament.
Thomas, one of the young stars in the game, after hearing some criticism for his impending absence at Bay Hill clarified he was attending the wedding of a close friend this weekend. Should he skip that to play Bay Hill?
Scott, whose wife is pregnant in Australia, went home to be with her after the WGC-Mexico Championship and is returning for the Houston Open the week before the Masters.
The reality is these players are all independent contractors.
“Guys will come and pay their respects [and] guys won't be [here] and will be criticized unfairly for it,'' said Graeme McDowell, who along with Annika Sorenstam, Curtis Strange and Peter Jacobsen is serving as one of the new tournament hosts. “How do you pay your respects?''
Ernie Els, who is playing the tournament for the 23rd time, said he understands players' scheduling issues.
“I get it … first event without Mr. Palmer around, make an exception,'' Els said. “But you can't tell guys where to play. It is no disrespect to Mr. Palmer, I can tell you that.''
This year's field raises a concern about whether, now that Palmer is gone, more players will start skipping the event in the future — much the way the Byron Nelson Classic has faded into relative irrelevance since his passing in 2006.
“It's very important to golf to keep what we've done, to keep the Arnold Palmer Invitational relevant,'' Saunders said. “His was such a good example. We all get to play for a lot of money, but it's about trying to do things other than just being out here for yourself. That's what he did so well.''
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Sorting trash is a dirty, dull, and dangerous job. Recycling workers are more than twice as likely as other workers to be injured on the job, and stubbornly high fatality rates make refuse and recyclable material collection one of the nation's most dangerous occupations.
But with the rise of artificial intelligence, sophisticated trash-sorting robots are now turning up at recycling plants across the nation. Guided by cameras and computer systems trained to recognize specific objects, the robots' arms glide over moving conveyor belts until they reach their target. Suction cups or oversized tongs attached to the arms snag cans, glass, plastic containers, and other recyclable items out of the rubbish and flick them into nearby bins.
Glide, grab, flick: every second or so, on average, the arms identify a new target and pluck it out of the pile.
The robots — most of which have come online only within the past year — are just as accurate as human workers and up to twice as fast. With continued improvements in the bots' ability to spot and extract specific objects, they could become a formidable new force in the effort to divert tens of millions of tons of recyclable materials from landfills or incinerators every year.
"It's still very early days," said John Standish, technical director of the Association of Plastic Recyclers, a trade group in Washington, D.C. "But I'm very, very optimistic for the future."
Opportune arrival
Developed primarily by Denver-based AMP Robotics, Bulk Handling Systems of Eugene, Ore., and ZenRobotics of Helsinki, Finland, the robots are arriving at an opportune time. China, the world's leading importer of recyclable materials, sparked a global crisis last January when it stopped accepting some items due to environmental concerns and tightened its contamination standards for others.
Some recycling facilities in the U.S. closed, and mounds of waste piled up as exporters scrambled to find new buyers for bales of mixed paper, plastics, and other materials.
The largest of ZenRobotics robotic sorters, called Heavy Picker, can lift 60-pound objects with an arm ending in oversized tongs, making it especially useful for sorting through reusable construction debris. Jari Nummelin / ZenRobotics
"There is always a demand for raw materials, but the recycled ones have to now be much cleaner and better sorted — closer to mined raw materials," ZenRobotics CEO Timo Taalas told NBC News MACH in an email. "Then the problem suddenly dissolves."
ZenRobotics has installed its AI recycling systems at two U.S. locations and in 10 other countries. Its largest robotic, called Heavy Picker, can lift 60-pound objects with its tong-tipped arm, making it especially useful for sorting construction debris.
On the front lines
Assembly lines at manufacturing plants have long featured robotic workers, of course. But until recently the "disassembly" of trash piles into their individual parts was a tough problem for AI systems to crack.
The problem is compounded when municipal recycling programs let residents toss all their garbage into one common bin — meaning that recycling facilities receive a jumble of dirty and unpredictable items that must be sorted onsite before they can be shipped out for reuse.
Several technology companies have devised trash-sorting solutions by pairing cameras and robotics with computer algorithms that use what's known as "deep learning" to improve garbage sorting. But "the leap was the computing speeds and artificial intelligence deep learning that allows the computer to actually look at a crumpled up bottle and recognize it as a Coca-Cola bottle," Standish said.
Matanya Horowitz, CEO of AMP Robotics, told MACH in an email that his company trains each Cortex robot by showing it thousands of examples of bottles, cans, packages, and other items. "It learns to identify all of these materials on its own," Horowitz said. "It learns to look for logos, shapes, and textures."
Horowitz said the Cortex system, now in use at three U.S. recycling plants, can pay for itself in three years or less — similar to the return on investment cited by ZenRobotics and Bulk Handling Systems.
A new awakening
"This has really been an awakening of the industry," said Steve Miller, CEO of Bulk Handling Systems, which makes a garbage-sorting robot called MAX-AI. The spidery-armed bot, which uses a suction cup as a grabber, has been deployed at three sites in the U.S. and three in Europe, with more of the bots on order.
MAX-AI, Bulk Handling Systems' sorting robot resembles an inverted tripod ending in a suction cup. It can identify and sort items with 90 percent accuracy, about the same as humans, but at speeds up to twice as fast. Bulk Handling Systemsnull
Beyond taking over the worst jobs on the sorting lines, ZenRobotics' Taalas said, the increased efficiency may cut recycling costs and create more jobs at paper mills, plastic recyclers, and other firms that reuse raw materials.
And if the robots prove themselves, the environmental payoff could be even bigger: as more of our waste gets recycled and reused, less will end up in landfills.
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
One of the early casualties of the Time takeover by Meredith is the Time Life Alumni Society.
The band of former employees has close to 2,000 active members and since its founding in 1977 had always received company funds and an office within the corporate headquarters, even when the company moved from Rockefeller Center to Liberty Street downtown.
Now that Meredith is racing to get the Time Inc. signage taken down, the new owners have shut off the club funds, closed the office, and the corporate ID passes don't work, the Post reports.
The alumni members comprise some of the editorial titans in the storied history of the company — including Dick Stolley (who procured exclusively for Life magazine the Zapruder film of JFK's assassination and then went on to be the launch editor of People) and former editors-in-chief of all Time Inc. titles including Norm Pearlstine, John Huey and the very last EIC in the company's history, Martha Nelson.
But one member said the hit list also included the rank-and-file who toiled in relative obscurity in what they believed was the best publishing house in America.
The group was so talent-rich that the guest speakers at their luncheons were usually drawn from the ranks of their top writers.
Image copyright PA
Prime Minister Theresa May is set to announce a crackdown on the intimidation of political candidates.
Later this week, she will say "it cannot be acceptable" for anyone to face threats over their political view.
A 2017 report by the Committee on Standards in Public Life found women, ethnic minority and gay candidates were more likely to be targeted.
Mrs May will also consider creating a new offence to protect those in politics and their families.
Currently, the law relates to undue influence on voters.
The move comes after Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg was caught up in a scuffle at a Bristol university and Labour's Clare Kober quit over claims of sexism and bullying by party supporters.
In a speech marking 100 years since women got the vote, Mrs May will highlight British democracy's "robust and oppositional" nature but say a line has been crossed when disagreement turns to intimidation.
The prime minister will say political discussion is becoming harder to have without resulting in "tribalism and rancour".
The exploitation of social media and the option to be anonymous will also be highlighted.
"It is time we asked ourselves seriously whether we really want it to be like this. Whether we are prepared to accept a permanent coarsening and toxifying of our public debate or whether, together, we will take a stand for decency, tolerance and respect," Mrs May will add.
In her speech, the prime minister will say that from May 2019 candidates in local elections will no longer be forced to publish their address on ballot papers.
This would offer them the same protection as UK parliamentary candidates, who are not required to state where they live.
Mrs May will also cite examples where certain individuals and their families had been targeted at home.
WICHITA -A Kansas man was sentenced Friday to 20 years in federal prison for producing child pornography, according to U.S. Attorney Tom Beall.
In his plea, Michael Rodenbeek, 54, Salina, admitted using an iPhone camera to record videos of a 10-year-old victim and a 9-year-old victim. The recordings were made without the victims' knowledge.
The investigation began in August of last year.
He has three previous drug convictions in Saline County.
Beall commended the Wichita Police Department, Homeland Security Investigations, the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jason Hart for their work on the case.
Tottenham Hotspur defender Toby Alderweireld insists he is happy at the club, despite uncertainty over his contract situation.
The Belgium international, aged 28, is due to be out of contract at the end of next season and his agent has urged Spurs to offer his client improved terms.
That has not happened yet, but Alderweireld says he is happy and focused on football. He also said he had relayed that message to head coach Mauricio Pochettino in a conversation about his contract.
He told Sky Sports: “I had a good conversation with the manager. I told him I'm focused on football, to keep my game up and help the team.
“That's all I can do. You can see I'm happy there, and I try to help the team, and that's the way I always play football.
Asked if he had been made a contract offer by the club, he said: “No, like I said, I am focused on football. The rest, I don't know, we will see about that.”
Alderweireld joined Spurs from Atletico Madrid in an £11.5m deal in July 2015. He has established himself as a key performer for the north Londoners and has clocked up 98 appearances for them to date.
But he is one of the few Tottenham regulars not to have been tied down to a new long-term contract.
Paying less for anything that sounds decent these days isn't always easy but, as you'll discover in reading our Optoma NuForce BE2 review, these earbuds take things much further with impressive audio performance and battery life.
Hardly a household name, Optoma's NuForce brand quietly resonates for those who get the chance to try their earbuds. Cutting the cord to listen to music wirelessly is no longer a luxury expense, especially when it comes to this pair.
Out of the box
While you won't be wowed opening the box, Optoma loads the package with all you need, including four pairs of ear gels in small, medium and large sizes, plus a standard size of the brand's SpinFit TwinBlade eartips found in many of its earbuds to help keep them snug and in place. A short Micro USB charging cable and basic user manual round out the goodies inside. An illustration on the accessories box explains how to quickly pair the BE2 with a mobile device.
Ted Kritsonis/Digital Trends Ted Kritsonis/Digital Trends
Ted Kritsonis/Digital Trends Ted Kritsonis/Digital Trends
The budget price is evidenced by the lack of a carrying case, Comply Foam tips, or ear wings to further customize the fit. But then again, we didn't really expect to see much in the way of extras.
Features and design
If Optoma's naming conventions have you confused, it's really a matter of counting backwards in the case of the BE2. Though it launched later than the BE Sport3 and BE6i, , the Qualcomm codec widely adopted for higher quality Bluetooth streaming. Optoma left out aptX support, so the BE2 should sound a bit better on an iOS device than they would an Android one. When using Android, Bluetooth streaming reverts to Subband Coding (SBC), a mandatory codec found in all Bluetooth devices that isn't as good.
Audio performance
We've liked the NuForce line for its ability to deliver solid audio fidelity that punches above its price range, and the BE2 stand as a real testament to that. Playing it safe with the sound signature, the BE2 don't stand out for any one genre above others. Bass lovers may wish for a bit more love down low, but overall the BE2 more than deliver there for the price point.
It's a consistently warm sound, with just enough detail to appreciate a good composition of instruments.
We played through The Weeknd's Starboy album during a workout to put the buds to the test, and came away impressed with how punchy the bass sounded. Wireless earbuds from other makers have struggled in the past to keep the low end of the spectrum pumping, and one of the biggest culprits is often audio leakage from a loose fit.
It wouldn't be a stretch to suggest the BE2 compare well against the pricier BE Sport3. No matter the track we played, the similarity was obvious. We tried an eclectic playlist to gauge that including Confessions Pt. II by BadBadNotGood, Aerosmith's Walk This Way, Vaults' One Last Night, and Peter White's Who's That Lady. While the songs offer a diverse array of tonal colors, all sounded good enough to appreciate wearing the BE2. Apart from being “safe” in not skewing too far to either side of the frequency spectrum, we felt a little déjà vu in our evaluation.
It's a consistently warm sound signature, with just enough detail to appreciate a good composition of instruments. The more instruments involved, however, the flatter the sound gets, and that includes live tracks where reverb and crowd noise serve to widen the spectrum further and mask subtler details.
Ted Kritsonis/Digital Trends
Without the ear wings, the BE2 don't have much to anchor to in the ear, which is partly why the SpinFit ear gels are included. We could appreciate how they isolate noise, but we had to adjust their fit more often than with the regular gels. It's not hard and fast though. Every pair of ears is different, so you might find a tighter fit with them than we did.
Optoma NuForce BE2 Compared To
In louder settings, like a busy gym or street, we did have to crank up the volume a little, regardless of what gel we had in.
Warranty information
Optoma offers a standard one-year warranty covering parts and labor for repair and replacement.
Our Take
It's hard to argue with a $50 pair of earbuds that are not only wireless, but also last long enough to keep on playing through a few runs and workouts. Even better, Optoma didn't cheap out on the audio quality to match the budget price.
That said, while the lack of aptX is one of those details that isn't especially obvious, it affects a huge subset of people: Android users. SBC is inferior to both aptX and AAC, so we caution Android users seeking out the highest fidelity for the money to keep this in mind. If you plan on using the buds mostly for your daily work out, though, it may be a negligible quibble.
Is there a better alternative?
NuForce includes aptX compatibility in both the BE Sport3 and BE6i, though at $80 for either model, you'll have to shell out a bit more cash.
Other than that, you'll likely need to step up your budget significantly, though pricier options obviously come with added benefits. The $150 Jaybird X3 Sport or Sport Coach Wireless Special Edition offer heart rate monitoring and exercise tracking, in case you want the extra push, but all three will extend your budget significantly.
How long will it last?
The biggest danger to the NuForce BE2's longevity is probably sweat. They may have some sweat resistance, but to avoid any needless damage, cleaning them with a wet wipe helps get rid of excess salt from all that perspiration. Bluetooth is consistent with these earbuds, so we don't expect any degradation to occur over time. Treat these well, and they should reward you by staying vigorous.
Should you buy it?
If you're an iOS user, these are definitely worth buying because you don't have to compromise on Bluetooth streaming audio quality. Android users should consider the slightly pricier options from the brand to get a comparable experience.
Manchester United have signed Swedish defender Victor Lindelof from Benfica on a four-year deal.
The 22-year-old arrived at Manchester United's Aon Training Complex on Wednesday morning after the two clubs agreed a fee which is understood to be €35m (£30.75m).
United boss Jose Mourinho told the club's official website: "Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of him at United.
"Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer.
"I know that our fantastic group of players will welcome him as one of us."
Lindelof had arrived in Manchester fresh from international duty with Sweden, where he was an unused substitute in Tuesday night's 1-1 draw with Norway.
Lindelof has been a long-time target for United as they look to bolster their defensive options ahead of next season's return to the Champions League.
The boss has his say on our first summer signing... #HejVictor pic.twitter.com/CEpVDADVE2 — Manchester United (@ManUtd) June 14, 2017
He told United's official website: "I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United.
"I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho.
"I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies."
Lindelof could be one of three or four high-profile acquisitions at Old Trafford this summer, with the club also understood to be keen on Alvaro Morata.
The Real Madrid forward's agent said earlier this week that United had lodged a "very important offer" with the Spanish giants to try to bring him to the north west of England.
The American Battlefield Trust has finalized the $4 million purchase of almost 15 acres of land from the Institute for Advanced Study, finally putting to rest a lengthy dispute that had divided the Princeton community.
Land adjacent to the current Princeton Battlefield State Park will be preserved, and the Institute will also move forward with revised plans for new faculty housing. The newly acquired land will eventually be conveyed to the State of New Jersey as an addition to the existing Princeton Battlefield State Park. The purchase includes about two-thirds of the Maxwell's Field property, along with an additional 1.12-acre tract north of the property that has been identified by historians as a key part of the battlefield in the Battle of Princeton.
To make the acquisition possible, the Institute reduced the footprint of its housing project by substituting a new plan to build 16 townhouses for its original proposal to subdivide lots for seven single-family houses and eight townhouses. The American Battlefield Trust and the Institute will continue to work together to fully restore the battlefield site and complete construction of the faculty housing. The Trust plans to install interpretive trails and signage on the land to better tell the story of the pivotal battle.
“This addition to the Princeton battlefield is one of the most important acquisitions in the Trust's 30-year history and preserves the site of one of the defining moments of the American Revolution,” said James Lighthizer, president of the American Battlefield Trust.
The Trust raised almost $3.2 million from private donors, matched with $837,000 awarded by the National Park Service and the Mercer County Open Space Assistance Program. In addition to the private and public funds raised to purchase the Washington's Charge site, the Trust received a federal grant in 2017 to create a five-year preservation and interpretation plan for the Princeton Battlefield to prepare for its 250th anniversary in 2027.
Fought on Jan. 3, 1777, the Battle of Princeton culminated a bold10-day campaign that began with Washington's famous crossing of the Delaware River on Christmas Day in 1776. In a series of daring maneuvers, Washington successfully attacked isolated elements of the British army. His decisive charge at Princeton marked his army's first victory over British regulars and revitalized the cause of American independence.
“The land purchase brings to fruition decades of work to preserve the Princeton battlefield and honor the men who fought on this land 240 years ago,” Princeton Battlefield Society President Jerry Hurwitz said.
“This landscape is a precious reminder of America's struggle to create a democratic republic dedicated to ordinary people's liberty,” said Pulitzer Prize-winning historian James McPherson. “Of all the sites that figured in George Washington's ‘Ten Crucial Days' campaign, it is the only one that survives for people to see, understand and appreciate today.”
Like this: Like Loading...
FORT WORTH, Texas — The humble pecan is being rebranded as more than just pie.
Pecan growers and suppliers are hoping to sell U.S. consumers on the virtues of North America's only native nut as a hedge against a potential trade war with China, the pecan's largest export market.
The pecan industry is also trying to crack the fast-growing snack-food industry.
The retail value for packaged nuts, seeds and trail mix in the U.S. alone was $5.7 billion in 2012, and is forecast to rise to $7.5 billion by 2022, according to market researcher Euromonitor.
The Fort Worth, Texas-based American Pecan Council, formed in the wake of a new federal marketing order that allows the industry to band together and assess fees for research and promotion, is a half-century in the making, said Jim Anthony, 80, the owner of a 14,000-acre pecan farm near Granbury, Texas.
Anthony said that regional rivalries and turf wars across the 15-state pecan belt — stretching from the Carolinas to California — made such a union impossible until recently, when demand for pecans exploded in Asian markets.
Until 2007, most U.S. pecans were consumed domestically, according to Daniel Zedan, president of Nature's Finest Foods, a marketing group. By 2009, China was buying about a third of the U.S. crop.
The pecan is the only tree nut indigenous to North America, growers say. Sixteenth-century Spanish explore Cabeza de Vaca wrote about tasting the nut during his encounters with Native American tribes in South Texas. The name is French explorers' phonetic spelling of the native word “pakan,” meaning hard-shelled nut.
Facing growing competition from pecan producers in South Africa, Mexico and Australia, U.S. producers are also riding the wave of the Trump Administration's policies to promote American-made goods.
Most American kids grow up with peanut butter but peanuts probably originated in South America. Almonds are native to Asia and pistachios to the Middle East. The pecan council is funding academic research to show that their nuts are just as nutritious.
The council on Wednesday will debut a new logo: “The American Pecan: The Original Supernut.”
Rodney Myers, who manages operations at Anthony's pecan farm, credits the pecan's growing cache in China and elsewhere in Asia with its association to rustic Americana — “the oilfield, cowboys, the Wild West — they associate all these things with the North American nut,” he said.
China earlier this month released a list of American products that could face tariffs in retaliation for proposed U.S. tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese goods. Fresh and dried nuts — including the pecan — could be slapped with a 15-per cent tariff, according to the list. To counter that risk, the pecan council is using some of the $8 million in production-based assessments it's collected since the marketing order was passed in 2016 to promote the versatility of the tree nut beyond pecan pie at Thanksgiving.
While Chinese demand pushed up prices it also drove away American consumers. By January 2013, prices had dropped 50 per cent from their peak in 2011, according to Zedan.
U.S. growers and processers were finally able in 2016 to pass a marketing order to better control pecan production and prices.
Authorized by the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, federal marketing orders help producers and handlers standardize packaging, impose quality control and fund research, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which oversees 28 other fruit, vegetable and specialty marketing orders, in addition to the pecan order.
Critics charge that the orders interfere with the price signals of a free, unfettered private market.
“What you've created instead is a government-sanctioned cartel,” said Daren Bakst, an agricultural policy researcher at the conservative Heritage Foundation.
Before the almond industry passed its own federal marketing order in 1950, fewer almonds than pecans were sold, according to pecan council chair Mike Adams, who cultivates 600 acres of pecan trees near Caldwell, Texas. Now, while almonds appear in everything from cereal to milk substitutes, Adams calls the pecan “the forgotten nut.”
“We're so excited to have an identity, to break out of the pie shell,” said Molly Willis, a member of the council who owns an 80-acre pecan farm in Albany, Georgia, a supplement to her husband's family's peanut-processing business.
The winds of change are blowing through Saint Marie. Here, Kris Marshall talks through his journey with the show
Some important news if you're planning to bump somebody off. Get in quick: Detective Inspector Humphrey Goodman – probably the world's most successful murder cop – is heading back to the UK.
Advertisement
Yes, Humphrey, the endearing detective in Death in Paradise, is packing his linen jacket and heading home. Why? Because, after four series, Kris Marshall has decided it's simply no longer practical to spend six months of the year 4,000 miles away in Guadeloupe, the paradise island that doubles as Saint Marie.
When your home is in Somerset, your work is in the Caribbean and your eldest child has reached school age, something has to give. The star's son, Thomas, was a baby when Marshall joined the hit series. But now that the little boy is starting school – and he has a baby sister, Elsie – Marshall has decided he can't carry on ferrying his whole family out to the Caribbean.
The 43-year-old star says, “Every year except last year we took Thomas out with us. The only reason they didn't come out last year was because my daughter was born and she was only three months old when filming started. Thomas has basically spent half his life in the Caribbean. Every year he went to the same nursery in Guadeloupe. But now it's time for him to put on scholastic shackles and toe the line.”
Which explains why a new investigator is taking over Humphrey's beat: DI Jack Mooney, played by Father Ted star Ardal O'Hanlon. The decision to leave did not come out of the blue, says Marshall. Producers have known his plans for some time.
“It's something my wife and I discussed three or four years ago. When I was first offered the job, my son was six months old and my wife wasn't working, so it was a very easy decision. We decided I would do Death in Paradise for a few years until it became impractical. It was always quite a finite thing. I certainly didn't hide it from anyone I work with.”
New broom: new Death in Paradise star Ardal O'Hanlon as DI Jack Mooney
Indeed, Marshall gave a big hint when he first joined the show, telling RT in 2014: “If you've got children who are school age, it must be incredibly tough being away.”
This is not, of course, the first time a new man has taken the helm at Saint Marie's police station. When the series began in 2011, Ben Miller was in the lead role as DI Richard Poole. Miller passed the baton to Marshall after two series – he, too, was struggling with the strain on a young family.
Throughout its life, the show has grown and grown. Series one attracted an average of 5.8 million viewers. Pretty good, but compare that with the current figure: the first episode of this series brought in 9.2 million, when you include the people who watched it on iPlayer.
Marshall says there's no secret to its success. When I last spoke to him, he described it as “a cross between Columbo and Scooby-Doo”. Sure, the sunshine is a boost in the middle of a cold, drab British winter. But the main thing is that the drama isn't pretending to be anything it's not. “We don't take ourselves too seriously. People like to smile and they like a caper. And that's what we are: a crime caper.”
Family matters aside, Marshall's friends must think he's crazy to give up a job that involves spending six months of the year on some of the world's prettiest beaches? “Yes, some people think I'm mad, obviously. And there is an old adage, ‘Don't quit a hit', which is very true. I'm going to miss it terribly. There have already been times when I've thought to myself, ‘Have I made the right decision?'”
How have the scriptwriters dealt with Humphrey's departure? Marshall doesn't want to spoil anything, but viewers already know that a murder inquiry has taken Humphrey to London – where he finds himself working alongside O'Hanlon's character. We also know how painful it was when Humphrey's girlfriend Martha returned to the UK. Is it romance that makes Humphrey stay in London?
Marshall is coy. “There are myriad reasons. Of which that may be one.”
I ask Marshall what advice he has given his successor. His answer revolves around the heat. When they're filming outside, it can be up to 40° Celsius. And the indoor scenes are often even more unbearably hot – especially as Humphrey always wears a jacket for work (unlike the real police of Guadeloupe, who are all in short sleeves).
“I gave Ardal the same advice that Ben [Miller] gave to me, actually. When you're filming the big wrapping-up scene at the end, make sure you know your lines backwards. Because we film it all in one day and otherwise the heat starts to get to you.
“Secondly, always do your shots first in the morning, before the heat gets too much. Then, after lunch, they turn the cameras on to the guest actors and you can watch them fry!”
Will O'Hanlon's detective, DI Jack Mooney, be very different from Humphrey? “Well, he's Irish, for starters. So that makes a bit of a difference. His character's a lot more anecdotal, so the way he goes about things is different. He's also been recently widowed – and he has a daughter in her early 20s. So that's a whole different dynamic.”
Marshall adds, “I wasn't there when he got his proper cop feet under the table, but I am hearing worrying talk from Guadeloupe that he was not wearing a jacket. Which upsets me greatly – we can all do it without a jacket. That way, it's just easy. Then it really is just a holiday.”
Advertisement
This interview was originally published in the 11-17 February 2017 issue of Radio Times magazine
“True Blood” actor Nelsan Ellis died Saturday from heart failure, due to complications from a “withdrawal from alcohol,” his family said.
Ellis' family released a statement describing how the 39-year-old actor “attempted to withdraw from alcohol on his own.” Ellis then suffered from a blood infection, kidney failure, a swollen liver, low blood pressure and heart failure, his family said.
But can you die from alcohol withdrawal?
According to American Addiction Centers, “attempting a cold-turkey or at-home detox from alcohol” can be risky and “even life-threatening.”
The withdrawal occurs when heavy drinkers cut back their alcohol intake.
Alcohol is poisonous to the human body, Dr. Robert Schwartz of the University Of Miami Miller School Of Medicine told LiveScience.com. Consuming alcohol can cause changes to a person's metabolism and central nervous system.
“Your body develops a homeostasis with alcohol,” Schwartz said. “As soon as you take it away, you're upsetting that balance.”
Once a body reliant on alcohol no longer has the substance, that body will go through a series of changes.
The body will experience withdrawal effects similar to what Ellis experienced: high blood pressure and a swollen liver. Bodies can also experience anxiety, agitation, vomiting, dehydration, tremors and can even experience hallucinations and seizures.
A hangover, for example, is a form of alcohol withdrawal, Cyndie Dunkerson, a clinical supervisor at a detox and rehab center, told NBC News.
If alcohol works as a sedative for people and helps them to relax, alcohol withdrawal does the opposite of that, according to Dunkerson.
Withdrawing from alcohol doesn't have to be fatal, Dunkerson said, but very often it is. Lucida Treatment, a rehabilitation center in Florida, suggests detoxing through a rehabilitation facility, rather than attempting to withdraw on your own.
Addicts can attend both inpatient and outpatient treatment centers where there are medically-monitored rehab programs available.
SEOUL, South Korea: Danish police have arrested the daughter of South Korean President Park Geun-hye's friend, Choi Soon-sil, who is at the center of an influence-peddling scandal that has engulfed her presidency, police and prosecutors said on Monday.
South Korean authorities had been seeking the arrest of Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, for her ties to the scandal, which has paralyzed Park's government and drawn hundreds of thousands of protesters onto the streets of Seoul for weeks.
Park, 64, could become South Korea's first democratically elected leader to be forced to leave office early after parliament voted to impeach her on Dec. 9. That decision must be confirmed or overturned by the Constitutional Court.
Chung, an equestrian rider who trained in Germany, was arrested for staying illegally in the northern Danish city of Aalborg, South Korean police said. Her arrest was first reported by South Korean broadcaster JTBC.
A source in the special prosecutors' office in Seoul, who declined to be identified, said they would work with European authorities to extradite Chung, which they expect to be done in one or two weeks.
South Korean police said in a statement their Danish counterparts had told them they have four people in custody, including Chung and a child born in 2015. The relationship between Chung and the child was not immediately clear.
Lee Kyung-jae, a lawyer representing Choi and Chung, told South Korea's Yonhap News Agency: “When Chung Yoo-ra returns I will ensure that she fully cooperates with the special prosecution's investigation.”
Chung faces several charges in South Korea, where authorities have been working to invalidate her passport. They had asked German prosecutors for information about her whereabouts and financial assets.
Chung won a gold medal in the group dressage equestrian event at the 2014 Asian Games.
She became a figure of public ire in South Korea last year after it emerged that she had received special treatment from the prestigious Ewha Womans University, where her admission was subsequently canceled.
News of Chung's arrest came a day after Park broke a month-long silence over her alleged role in the corruption scandal, publicly denying charges of wrongdoing and describing the accusations against her as fabricated and false. (Reporting by Christine Kim)
SOCHI, Russia — Once a critic of Neymar's antics, Brazil coach Tite now defends the demeanour of his team's star.
“Winning or losing is part of the game,” Tite said in 2012 after coaching Corinthians in a match against Santos and Neymar. “But to pretend and try to take advantage, that's not part of the game. That's a bad example for a kid, for my son, for those who are going to watch this and think that it's good to take advantage of others.”
Neymar had been accused of faking an injury in the game, and video of Tite's criticism was widely viewed.
Mexico coach Juan Carlos Osorio criticized Neymar — without mentioning his name — after the striker writhed in apparent agony after Miguel Layun stepped on an ankle, then quickly recovered as if no incident had occurred during the 2-0, round-of-16 win over El Tri.
“We wasted a lot of time because of one single player,” Osorio said. “I think this is a real shame for football, especially for kids who are watching because this has to be a sport of virility, of determination, a man's sport, like other games, and not a charade.”
Neymar was asked to respond to Osorio, but Tite intervened before Neymar could start talking during the news conference. Tite said hierarchy must be respected in soccer. He said only coaches would answer to coaches, and players would respond only to players.
Neymar was being defended by many in Brazil, especially because he has been playing well and is helping the team succeed at the World Cup, but he continued to be loudly criticized internationally for his antics.
The 26-year-old Paris Saint-Germain forward said some people were trying to gain attention by going after him. Others were attempting to undermine him, he said.
“I don't care much for criticism,” Neymar said after the Mexico match. “Not even for praise sometimes, because that can affect a player's mind. I only need to play football. I need to help my teammates, help my team. That's why I'm here. I came here to win.”
Tite hadn't been the first manager to criticize Neymar in Brazil.
Rene Simoes, who coached many of Brazil's clubs and led Brazil's women's national team to a silver medal in the 2004 Olympics, didn't save words after a very young Neymar went crazy on the field for not being allowed to take a penalty kick for Santos in 2010, disrespecting teammates and his coach.
“Something has to be done to educate this kid,” he said then. “We are creating a monster.”
——
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
——
More AP World Cup coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Cleveland Indians' Danny Salazar turned to his change-up and off speed pitches to escape jams in the 3-1 win over the Minnesota Twins on Monday night.
More FOX Sports Ohio Videos Jensen says Indians pitching staff needs to find ways to get out of innings Arroyo: ‘It was a victory just get to get out there' Price after Arroyo's start: ‘I anticipate he'll be more crisp next time out' Welsh: Arroyo working on shaking the rust off Seth Jones was pleased with Blue Jackets rookie Gabriel Carlsson enjoyed his NHL debut More FOX Sports Ohio Videos
Amazon boss Jeff Bezos might be no match for two Big Apple poets. It's been a tough year for the city's independent book sellers — good-bye Shakespeare & Co. and...
“The Expendables” featured a bunch of recognizable faces beyond their prime, playing characters from their heyday.
It also was a 2010 movie starring Sylvester Stallone, Jet Li, Mickey Rourke and Dolph Lundgren.
The 2017 version under discussion stars Starlin Castro, Jacoby Ellsbury, Brett Gardner and Chase Headley. That quartet defined expendable during the offseason. The Yankees all but put them on eBay.
The Yankees were turning toward a younger cast, in part because the last we had seen of this foursome together was not exactly box-office gold. Yankee fans liked this veteran group about as much as they liked David Ortiz.
Yet, this sequel is working. For two weeks anyway, Castro, Ellsbury, Gardner and Headley have channeled a better version of themselves. That has helped steady the Yankees early as the expected new stars — Greg Bird and Gary Sanchez — have been not-ready-for-prime-time players.
Should this persist, the Yankees will benefit on two levels: They will be better today. But as the Yankees currently prioritize tomorrow more, those players potentially could improve their appeal on the trade market. Because Castro, Ellsbury, Gardner and Headley are not part of long-term plans. They remain expendable. Right time, right return.
“We understand it is a business and that if it is best for Cash [general manager Brian Cashman] to listen to trade offers, then that is what he should do,” said Gardner. “I just treat it like it is beyond my control.”
The Yankees are getting contributions from other older players, notably 37-year-old designated hitter Matt Holliday and 36-year-old CC Sabathia, the oldest starter in the AL. But they are both free agents after this season, and, should they return, it would probably be on a year-by-year basis. Aaron Hicks also has broken well after a dismal 2016. He actually is five months older than Castro, but just was arbitration eligible for the first time.
Castro (three years, $31 million), Ellsbury (four years, $89.6 million), Gardner (two years, $25 million) and Headley (two years, $26 million) began this season owed $171.6 million. The Yankees are trying to sink under the $197 million luxury-tax threshold in 2018, and any future money they could slice would help — with the proviso that Gleyber Torres is ready to step in soon at second or third, and that Clint Frazier and Dustin Fowler can join Hicks and Aaron Judge in a young outfield rotation.
“For all the talk of a rebuild and a transition year, nothing has changed in this room,” said Gardner, now the senior Yankee. “It is still win, win, win, win.”
They didn't do that enough last year to even be a wild card for many reasons, none bigger than a lifeless offense. Seventeen Yankees had 33 or more plate appearances last year, and the only ones with an OPS-plus better than league average were Carlos Beltran (who played the first four months) and Gary Sanchez (who played the final two).
The failure of Alex Rodriguez and Mark Teixeira to approximate 2015 was devastating, but they were literally playing themselves out of the majors. Players who should have been in or close to their prime, such as Castro, Ellsbury, Gardner and Headley, failed to compensate.
But they started Sunday night among the seven Yankees who were qualified for the batting title with an OPS better than league average, which was tied with the Tigers for the most in the majors. The worst OPS on the Yankees (minimum 20 plate appearances) belonged to Bird and Sanchez.
“I know there is a lot of focus on our young guys, but our older guys have to do their jobs,” manager Joe Girardi said.
Girardi challenged Gardner and Ellsbury to score 100 runs. Both have done well at getting on base, but have been part of the Yankees' overall malaise with runners in scoring position. Still, they have combined early with Headley to go a combined 12-for-13 in steals — with all of them in their age-33 season.
But just to get a clearer picture of the before and after picture — the four Expendables combined to hit .262 last year with a .716 OPS. This season, it was .318 with an .846 OPS. Again, it is only two weeks. No awards are given after two weeks, though if they were, Headley would be in the AL MVP discussion.
But consider that Headley began last year with a .442 OPS before he even got his first extra-base hit on May 12. So, the strong breakout for him and the others helps on so many levels. The 2017 Yankees cannot be excellent without their Expendables.
“Hopefully, [the Yankees] still look at us as part of the solution,” Gardner said. “I see which way this is going and I am thinking it would be fun to be part of it.”
RIYADH: Ties between the Kingdom and Turkey are set to scale new heights as their interests align on key regional issues following talks between King Salman and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan here Tuesday.
The summit at Al-Yamamah Palace also focused on bilateral subjects covering political, security and commercial fields.
The talks ahead of the UN-sponsored Syria peace dialogue, have added significance in terms of efforts that have been directed to reach a political solution to the conflict in Syria.
“King Salman and Erdoğan expressed satisfaction over the outcome of the first Turkish-Saudi Coordination Council meeting,” Turkish Ambassador Yunus Demirer told Arab News.
Demirer said the two leaders discussed key regional issues like Syria, Yemen, Libya and Iran besides bilateral security cooperation and terrorism.
President Erdoğan had separate meetings with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Naif on Monday.
The Turkish president also held talks with Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman on Tuesday in which they shared concerns and interests regarding developments in the region.
Demirer said the two leaders expressed “their desire to move forward” … and discussed security, combating terrorism, Syria, Iraq and Yemen.
Demirer added that the two leaders exchanged views on the most pressing issues on the regional and international agenda.
“There were no differences in our views,” said the envoy adding that the meeting with the crown prince focused “on combating terrorism and cooperation on security issues.”
He said it was a very successful visit to move forward after the Turkish-Saudi Coordination Council meeting. “The summit meeting was in way approval of the results of the joint council meeting by both heads of state,” he noted.
Last week the first meeting of the council, co-chaired by Foreign Minister Adel Al-Jubeir and his Turkish counterpart Mevlut Cavusoglu, took place in Ankara.
Syria was a focus point for the president during his meetings with top Saudi officials. On Monday in Manama, Erdoğan called for a “safe zone” in northern Syria. The positions of Saudi Arabia and Turkey are “absolutely identical” on Syria, Al-Jubeir said last week in Ankara, after the joint council meeting.
On the sidelines of the visit, a few ministerial bilateral meetings were held. Al-Jubeir met here Monday night with Turkish Foreign Minister Cavusoglu, who is traveling with the Turkish president.
During the meeting, they reviewed bilateral relations and work of the first session of the Saudi-Turkish Coordination. The meeting was attended by Saudi ambassador to Turkey Waleed Al-Khuraiji.
Erdoğan wrapped up his two-day visit to the Kingdom on Tuesday evening and left for Qatar. Qatar hosts a Turkish military base.
Representatives of the two countries signed an agreement in the field of housing issues.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Kemba Walker had that look in the fourth quarter. Charlotte coach Steve Clifford has seen it before, and he knows not to question it or argue with his point guard when he sees it.
“He just had that look like, ‘I ain't coming out,”‘ Clifford said. “I thought it was a good idea and we went with it.”
Walker played the entire fourth quarter, scoring 13 of his game-high 41 points in the final period as the Hornets rode a record-setting start to a 133-126 victory over the Indiana Pacers on Friday night.
Walker made 11-of-22 attempts and helped fend off the Pacers' final rally after they had whittled away at what had been an 18-point Charlotte lead. Cory Joseph's free throws cut Indiana's deficit to 128-124 with 40 seconds left, but Charlotte hit five free throws after that to ice it.
“I just want to win, man,” Walker said after playing 42 minutes. “I know sometimes I play big minutes, but a lot of the times it's me telling him not to take me out. But like I said, I just want to win. I want to do anything possible to help my teammates win.”
Walker outdueled All-Star point guard Victor Oladipo, who led Indiana with 35 points, and helped the Hornets hang on after their fast start.
Buoyed by 16 points from Nicolas Batum, the Hornets scored 49 points in the first, a franchise-best for a quarter. Charlotte connected on 7 of 11 from 3-point range and hit 19 of 23 from the field in that stretch. It marked the highest point total for an NBA team in any quarter this season.
Charlotte led 49-37 after the first, as the Pacers came within a point of matching the most first-quarter points by a hornet opponent this season.
“They hit every shot and I think we allowed them to get a rhythm,” Pacers assistant coach Dan Burke said. “We did not do anything to break their rhythm. The only positive is that we kept scoring.”
The Pacers outscored the Hornets 34-25 in the third quarter, led by 13 points from Oladipo, to narrow Charlotte's advantage to 96-91.
That's when Walker went to work in the fourth. He hit 4 of 6 attempts and all four free throws in the final quarter.
“He plays like that the next 30-something games, I'm cool with it,” Batum said. “I'm cool with it.”
Four other Hornets players scored in double-digits, led by Batum's 31 points and Dwight Howard's 12 points and 11 rebounds. Charlotte won its second game in a row.
Myles Turner added 19 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana.
TIP-INS:
Pacers: Center Al Jefferson, who played for Charlotte 2013-16, received a loud ovation when he entered the game at the end of the second quarter.
Hornets: The 49-point first bettered a 47-point fourth quarter Charlotte had on Dec. 4, 1991 against the Los Angeles Lakers. … Batum was 11-of-18 shooting. … C Cody Zeller returned to the lineup after missing 27 games because of left knee surgery to repair torn meniscus. The Hornets were 12-15 without Zeller in that stretch. Zeller totalled five points and three rebounds in 16 minutes. … Marvin Williams missed his second straight game with a left ankle sprain. Coach Steve Clifford said Williams is not expected to miss significant time. … Dwight Howard's 11th consecutive double-double — the longest active streak in the NBA — was his 33rd of the season.
BURKE'S BIG GAME
Sure, Burke has been an NBA head coach before.
“Summer League only,” the Pacers assistant coach said. “And I know this is no Summer League.”
Burke debuted as acting head coach for Indiana on Friday night as Nate McMillan sat out the one-game road trip for personal reasons. McMillan is expected to return to lead the team Saturday at home against Philadelphia.
The 21-year Pacers coaching veteran usually focuses primarily on defence, so he had to adjust to calling a full game.
“We've gotta do right by Coach Nate,” Burke said. “I think we want to give him a good effort, unified effort. When your leader is gone, you want to perform. I think it's a good compliment to that leader.”
TWO FROM (MOST) 3S
After hitting five 3-pointers, Walker has 928 career 3-pointers — just one behind the Charlotte franchise mark of 929 by Dell Curry.
Walker was hoping to break the record in front of his Charlotte fans, but the Hornets head for a four-game road trip beginning Sunday.
“Man, I really wanted to do it here at home,” Walker said. “It is what it is.”
UP NEXT
Pacers: Back home Saturday to host Philadelphia for a quick two-game homestand.
Hornets: Travel to Phoenix on Sunday for the first of a four-game West Coast road trip.
——
More AP basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Are you confused by money? Does it scare you? Do you just try to ignore it? Come visit Red to Black and we will help you with any of your money questions you may have. We would love to help! We are located on the 2nd floor of the SUB in room 201. You can also contact us at 806-742-9781 or email us at redtoblack@ttu.edu. Visit our website at www.r2b.ttu.edu.
You've probably seen it flipping through beauty magazines, the latest craze in eyebrow care called microblading.
"They basically have a brand-new look," said Julie Golba, owner of So Real Studio in Toledo.
Microblading is one of the services she and her esthetician, Gina Long, offer.
"Very small cuts with the blade go in the skin and then the pigment gets pushed inside that very small cut," said Long.
The experts say it doesn't hurt and perfectly shaped eyebrows last one to three years. So Real Studio is one of 28 places licensed to do microblading in Lucas County.
"It's really popping up in our local community," said Jennifer Gottschalk, the Environmental Health Supervisor with Toledo-Lucas County Health.
By state law, not only does the artist need to have yearly approval from the health department to operate, the entire facility does. The Toledo-Lucas County Health Department has a pretty detailed process on how to get that approval. It's the same procedure as any business that does body art, like tattooing.
The Health Department says it's important that these facilities follow the rules so tools aren't contaminated with infectious diseases.
"You'll see hepatitis ... you're looking at that. You're looking at HIV. Also, we're looking making sure your tables and procedure rooms are clean so we don't have any type of skin infection," said Gottschalk.
If you're going to a place to have microblading done, look for an approval letter in the facility. If you don't see one, ask for it or call the health department.
Golba says she was happy to go through the approval process.
"We want to be a good steward to our clients," she said.
In-home facilities are illegal, so be aware of that. See a full list of approved facilities here.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Video
Unsold food from supermarket Tesco is being turned into three-course meals for the community.
Tesco in Kidsgrove, Staffordshire, has donated the produce to the Salvation Army which is making it the centrepiece of social events - a lifeline for some attendees.
Bjork doubles down on sexual harassment allegations The Icelandic singer penned a lengthy post Tuesday on Facebook, detailing director Lars von Trier's alleged behavior.
Lars von Trier denies sexually harassing Björk "That is not the case — although we didn't get along, that's a fact," the "Dancer in the Dark" director told a Danish newspaper.
Bjork reveals sexual harassment by a Danish director "I became aware of that it is a universal thing that a director can touch and harass his actresses at will and the institution of film allows it," she wrote.
Björk sells upstate NY home, and not for a song Celeb-studded Snedens Landing in the Palisades has one less star homeowner. Icelandic singer, songwriter and producer Björk — known for her multifarious approach to music, as well as her outlandish...
Björk wears a mask while out to dinner “She was wearing a mask,” a witness tells us. “It was pink and violet and it stopped at her cheeks. She took it on and off while eating her meal.”
Bjork's ex sues over custody of daughter Ex Matthew Barney says their daughter, Isadora, wants to spend a balanced amount of time with each parent.
Björk's once-ridiculed swan dress now honored at MoMA When Björk showed up to the 2001 Academy Awards wearing a dress that looked as if a swan were draped around her neck, the singer became the first word in...
Björk amazes at Carnegie Hall On Saturday lunchtime, as half of New York quaffed their Eggs Benedict at brunch, Björk was inside Carnegie Hall spilling her guts. The matinee concert (the first of a string...
NORTH JACKSON, Ohio (WYTV) – There is a new design and printing business in the Valley. What's different about this one is that students created and manage the company.
Fishbowl Graphics is located inside Jackson-Milton High School. It's part a new creative entrepreneur class.
The goal of the class is for students to create and run a business. The students not only design the t-shirts but they created a business plan and manage the finances. The students have a hand in the entire process from beginning to end.
“Once we get the graphic, we transfer it to the production department, which is two or three kids where they load it over to the printer and they put it on the correct medium. So, if we are doing a t-shirt, we run it on heat transfer vinyl,” said Stephen Mohr, STEM teacher.
The class has been so popular Mohr said they hope to expand the class and products in the near future.
“We are venturing into car wrapping. We will eventually be able to do someone's car and be able to put a wrapped graphic on it,” Mohr said. “Their tests and quizzes are meeting the deadline and producing a quality product and making sure the customer likes it. That's the biggest test right there is when we hand off the design they created.
Mohr said they hope to have that part of the business ready by next year. The students have already done several t-shirt and banner orders, and not just for the district. They recently worked with a snow plow company in the Valley to make shirts.
Not all of the students want to make a career out of making t-shirts and banners, but they are learning skills that will help them in almost any career. Garrick Catania wants to start his own medical practice and Devan Christoff is looking to get into petroleum engineering.
“I think this will be beneficial on the financial side and knowing how to actually start a business,” Catania said.
The students are taking orders from the community. Anyone interested in placing an order can call the school at (330) 538-3308.
Video
Richard Boyd Barrett tells the Dáil that he was adopted through Saint Patrick's Guild and does not know if he is one of the illegal adoptions carried out by the guild.
Read more here.
Hot on the heels of Simple adding support for Android Pay, we have another list of (smaller) banks that have stepped up to our preferred mobile payment platform. With the 35 and 9 added in February, the 51 in March, and at least 46 in January this is shaping up to be a big year for Android Pay.
Android Pay is, of course, Google's mobile payment system for Android that replaced Google Wallet. With a flick of the wrist those on supported devices can use their phone's NFC to make purchases at supported payment terminals. Thus, providing a secure payment method for those of us permanently stuck to our phones and fighting against the tyranny of the wallet. Magnetic stripes are so passé.
I'm sure those of you who don't yet have support at your preferred bank are waiting with bated breath to see yours on the list. So, without further ado:
Bank of Stockton Boundary Waters Bank Citizens Bank of the South Country Bank for Savings Countryside Bank First Green Bank First State Bank of the Florida Keys Indiana University Credit Union Greenfield Cooperative Bank Maquoketa State Bank McFarland State Bank The Conway National Bank The Infirmary Federal Credit Union
Hopefully the list above excites at least some of you. If you're still waiting, feel free to vent in the comments.
Holding a special meeting to call for North Lanarkshire Council leader Jim Logue to step aside has been described as ‘pointless'.
However, Labour has welcomed the opportunity to discuss the ‘smear' against leader Jim Logue and hopes to use the time to highlight other matters.
Last week the SNP Group formally requested the special meeting to hear a motion calling for Councillor Logue to step aside as leader until a police investigation has been completed.
Police are currently looking into a complaint against Councillor Jim Logue which follows criticism that he held undisclosed directorships of companies set up by North Lanarkshire Leisure while he was chairman.
His depute Paul Kelly insisted the complaint was made by a ‘bitter' former Labour colleague and accused the SNP of jumping on the bandwagon.
He was particularly angry the opposition group called into question the integrity of council chief executive Paul Jukes after he refused to allow councillors to see the full audit report which let to the complaint against Councillor Logue.
Councillor Kelly said: “We absolutely welcome the opportunity to talk about the smear campaign against Jim Logue.
“Jim has spent his political life fighting the type of practices he is now being falsely accused of being involved in.
“As much as 30 years ago he was exposing those in his own party in Monklands and he instigated the investigation into malpractice in procurement last year.
“No other council leader would risk the challenges of forcing an investigation into anonymous allegations and, as a result, procurement practice has changed completely.
“The truth is that this is a smear instigated by a bitter former Labour councillor and the bandwagon has been jumped on by the SNP.
“What's even worse is that the SNP have gone as far as to question the unimpeachable integrity of the council chief executive in their desperation to score points against a Labour leader. That is utterly pathetic.
“Jim is confident that the police will find no case against him, but understands that they have to be allowed to look into the complaint, no matter how spurious it is.
“In the meantime we are focussed on delivering great services in the face of outrageous budget cuts from the Scottish Government. He will not be stepping aside.
“Given that we will have to sit through a pointless special council meeting, we will be seeking to use the meeting as an opportunity to discuss something actually important to the people of North Lanarkshire.
“We will be calling on all councillors to support a demand to the Scottish Government that councils be treated fairly when it comes to budget allocations, so that our communities can get the services they need and deserve.”
It is understood the meeting is due to take place at the start of next week.
Free with this week's Leinster Leader, forty-page Punchestown Supplements with news, views, interviews, a look ahead to the biggest racing festival of the year, with €2.9m in prize money.
Dick O'Sullivan and Shona Dreaper talk on the Punchestown redevelopment (Tommy Callaghan).
Jessica Harrington hoping to build on her proud Punchestown Memories, in conversation with Robert Catterson
Racing Manager Richie Galway talks of his love of horses and racing, plus lots more (Tommy Callaghan).
Festival of 2017, far from a two-man show (Robert Catterson).
Ashling's top tips for Ladies Day glamour (Paula Campbell).
From the bunker to the saddle, Paul O'Meara talks to former Naas golfer Richie Walsh as he is about to saddle up for the big charity race
Former Gold Cup hero Coneygree gunning for top Festival prize (Robert Catterson).
After a wait of some 22 years, dream trip finally comes to pass, Colm Schwer looks back on his first trip to Cheltenham.
Willie Mullins confirms a host of big stars ready for Punchestown assault.
Major cash injection to change the face of the three local tracks (Niamh O'Donoghue).
Spring style for Punchestown … stand out in bold, bright colours.
Festival, an economic boon for Kildare, and further afield (Conor McHugh).
‘Pride In Kildare' theme of Club Kildare Race Day
Charity Race, strong Kildare presence.
The Loughlins and Punchestown, continuing a family tradition (Theresa Murray).
Style and fashion always featured high in the Punchestown stakes (Liam Kenny).
Naas is getting ready to boom as local economy is turning a cornere (Alan Shine).
All that and much, much more in the 40 page 2017 Punchestown Supplement, free with this week's Leinster Leader, in the shops now
The Highland County Chamber celebrates with new Chamber member Riggs Trailer Parts, which opened in Hillsboro in January 2018. It is owned by Ed and Ronda Riggs and operated daily by Glenn Miller. “We opened the business to give the manufactured housing community a place to purchase parts, indoor and out, as well as having their homes serviced by a company that will always treat them the old-fashioned way with respect and gratitude for their business. We look forward to serving the community well into the future,” the business said in a news release. Riggs Trailer Parts is open Tuesday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. It is located at 8273 SR 73, Hillsboro. Call 937-402-4257 for more information.
The Highland County Chamber celebrates with new Chamber member Riggs Trailer Parts, which opened in Hillsboro in January 2018. It is owned by Ed and Ronda Riggs and operated daily by Glenn Miller. “We opened the business to give the manufactured housing community a place to purchase parts, indoor and out, as well as having their homes serviced by a company that will always treat them the old-fashioned way with respect and gratitude for their business. We look forward to serving the community well into the future,” the business said in a news release. Riggs Trailer Parts is open Tuesday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. It is located at 8273 SR 73, Hillsboro. Call 937-402-4257 for more information. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_New-Business-pic.jpg The Highland County Chamber celebrates with new Chamber member Riggs Trailer Parts, which opened in Hillsboro in January 2018. It is owned by Ed and Ronda Riggs and operated daily by Glenn Miller. “We opened the business to give the manufactured housing community a place to purchase parts, indoor and out, as well as having their homes serviced by a company that will always treat them the old-fashioned way with respect and gratitude for their business. We look forward to serving the community well into the future,” the business said in a news release. Riggs Trailer Parts is open Tuesday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. It is located at 8273 SR 73, Hillsboro. Call 937-402-4257 for more information.
The Washington Times report by Carlo Muñoz states that MIRAN SHAH, Pakistan — Clean, safe and secure. These are the supposed hallmarks of Pakistani tribal border regions touted by Islamabad, an image paid for with blood and treasure in a two-year campaign to clear North Waziristan's provincial capital from groups such as the Pakistani Taliban and notorious Haqqani network. But the new schools, homes and markets with their glistening coats of paint and freshly poured concrete mask a seeming ghost town.
Computers, phones, and tablets are becoming more reliable and polished all the time. But as Murphy's Law states, "Anything that can go wrong will go wrong." Data loss is an inevitability for many people, either because of user error (it happens, even to the best of us) or some failure with the device itself. If you need help recovering lost data on your Android device, MobiKin Doctor for Android is the solution.
MobiKin Doctor for Android is a desktop program that can run on virtually any PC (with system requirements as low as Windows XP with 1GB of RAM) and recover data from a huge amount of Android devices. There's also a Mac version available, if Windows isn't your desktop OS of choice. Select phones and tablets from Samsung, LG, HTC, Sony, Google, and Motorola have been verified to work with the program, but just most Android 2.0+ devices should be compatible. If you want to make sure your device works before you buy, MobiKin offers a free trial that allows you to scan and find lost data (but not recover it).
This program is capable of recovering contacts, messages, call logs, media files, and documents. It can perform a deep file scan of your Android device's internal storage (and microSD card, if you use one) to retrieve any lost files. Once MobiKin Doctor for Android is done recovering data, you can view everything at a glance before choosing what to save to your computer. It's also a great tool for device backups, since it can view all data from your phone (not just files that need recovering).
As mentioned above, you can try the free trial to make sure your phone or tablet works with MobiKin Doctor for Android. If you like it, the full program is just $49.95, and it comes with a 90-day Money-Back Guarantee. So what are you waiting for? Head on over to MobiKin's website to try out Doctor for Android today.
VALENCIA, Spain — The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep him out for longer than three weeks, meaning he should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that “the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks.”
That could still rule him out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
But if he misses those games, he could play in Egypt's final group match against Saudi Arabia on June 25.
A five-alarm fire tore through a Bronx commercial building early Tuesday morning, authorities said.
The blaze started around 5:30 a.m. inside the building located at 316 East 194th St. in Fordham North. The fire was upgraded to a fifth alarm just around 7:40 a.m., calling in approximately 200 firefighters, an FDNY spokesman said.
The building houses several commercial establishments, including barber shops, restaurants and a laundromat.
There were no reported injuries.
The VSS Unity was built to replace Virgin Galactic's original SpaceShipTwo suborbital spaceplane, which disintegrated shortly after launch in 2014. Only one of the two pilots survived the fatal crash, which investigators believe was caused by the premature unlocking of the spacecraft's feather re-entry system. It took Virgin years to build Unity and to get it ready for testing, but now that it has gone through two rocket-powered flights in supersonic speeds, Branson is feeling very optimistic. He believes his first flight aboard Unity is "months away, not years away" and has already started astronaut training.
Living through a winter in Northern New York, especially one as cold as this one has been so far, often leads people to wonder if the cattle they see outside are uncomfortable and if they should be inside a barn. In most cases, the answer is no.
Cows that are used to being outside generally prefer to be outside and will be healthy in cold temperatures as long as they are given adequate care, including good quality feed, water, and a dry location with shelter from the wind.
In general, most cows actually prefer cool temperatures over warm temperatures. Cows have an average body temperature of 101.5 F. They are ruminants and partially digest feed through fermentation in the rumen, which produces heat. Therefore, cows are usually the most comfortable at temperatures between 40-60F.
In the fall, when temperatures begin to drop, cows who are used to being outside will begin to adapt by growing a thicker hair coat and depositing a layer of subcutaneous fat. This, combined with a layer of thick skin serves to insulate the body as temperatures drop. As winter arrives and it snows, the thicker, longer hair will stand up and catch the snow. This forms a layer which creates an air pocket that is warmed by body heat and further works to keep the animal warm.
It is for this reason that it is important that cows that are kept outside, remain as clean and dry as possible so the hair can maintain its insulating abilities. Cows that are muddy or covered in manure will have trouble staying warm. It is essential that they have a dry, clean place, out of the wind to stand and lie down in especially when the temperature drops below zero.
As temperatures become lower, cows will further adjust by increasing the amount of feed they consume. For this reason, adequate nutrition is extremely important for the animals to stay warm. The lower the temperature, the more feed cows will need due to the demand of an increased metabolic rate. Faster heart rate, respiration, and blood flow require more energy which in turn creates heat to keep the body warm. Cows that are given proper feed and access to unfrozen water will consume what is needed to stay healthy and comfortable during cold spells.
Jessica Prosper is the Agriculture Community Educator at Cornell Cooperative Extension Franklin County. If you would like more information or have questions about caring for livestock outside in the winter, you can email Jessica at jlr15@cornell.edu or call (518)483-7403.
FAIRMONT, W.V. — This reliably conservative state hasn't been a presidential battleground for decades but it's shaping up to be an important hotbed for the 2018 midterm elections and, possibly, the battle for control of the U.S. Senate.
When President Donald Trump made his way to White Sulphur Springs on Thursday for the annual congressional Republican retreat — his third visit to West Virginia since being inaugurated — he shined a spotlight onto one of his most reliable and supportive strongholds, one that also happens to be a top Republican 2018 campaign target.
In the middle is Sen. Joe Manchin, a familiar figure in a state where he was also a twice-elected governor. But 2018 is a hard time to be a Democrat in this solidly red state and the GOP sees him as a key target, one of ten Senate Democrats up for re-election this year in a state won by Trump.
Manchin's delicate position was evident this week when Vice President Mike Pence used his appearance at the GOP retreat to attack the senator for failing to vote for the GOP tax bill passed late last year.
.@Sen_JoeManchin voted no to give working families more of your hard-earned money. Joe voted no on tax cuts. Joe voted no time and again on the policies that West Virginia needs. #JoeVotedNo pic.twitter.com/uV7SdAa2q8 — Vice President Mike Pence (@VP) January 31, 2018
Manchin fired back:
The VP's comments are exactly why Washington Sucks. I'm disappointed in his comments but will continue to work to make Washington work so #WV & our country work. — Senator Joe Manchin (@Sen_JoeManchin) January 31, 2018
With the midterm election already well underway, West Virginia will test the rigidness of party ideology, the dedication of President Trump's base, and whether there's still room for middle-of-the-road politicians like Manchin to survive on a polarized national stage.
Manchin has not been a stranger to the White House since Trump's election (he was floated as a potential pick for Secretary of Energy and then voted for a number of Trump's nominees, including Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorush, but voted against the GOP health care bills and tax plan).
But this year, the senator is competing to win what could be the race of his political life while also trying to navigate the treacherous waters of Washington's political debates.
He was on center stage in the middle of the recent government shutdown as a primary Democratic player trying to bring opposing sides together and pass a funding bill. And he has found himself in the position of trying to bridge together both parties on immigration policy while simultaneously acknowledging that the issue isn't of utmost priority to his voters.
“The immigration issue has not been a hot topic in the state of West Virginia,” Manchin said on Sunday's “Meet The Press.”
“People are concerned, and people want security, and they want to have good opportunities and jobs and on and on and on like everybody else. But it's not been of high concern.”
Since the shutdown, Manchin has repeatedly said Washington, D.C. “sucks,” but last week affirmed that he will indeed run for re-election this year because he's “trying to make it better.”
Assuming Manchin gets through his primary, he is likely to face one of a number of Republicans vying for their party's nomination, including state Attorney General Patrick Morrisey, U.S. Rep. Evan Jenkins, or Don Blankenship, a former coal baron who went to prison in the wake of a 2010 mine explosion. The Cook Political Report has rated the general election as a toss-up.
To win this year, Manchin will have to prove to the voters who have known him for years that he's still the centrist deal-maker he says he is while also winning over a large swath of his constituents who voted for President Trump.
Shifting West Virginia
Democrats haven't won a presidential election in West Virginia since Bill Clinton in 1996. In 2016, it was the site of Trump's largest election margin in the country, when he defeated Hillary Clinton here by 42 points.
If there's one part of the region that signals the state's shift to red, it's Marion County, where Manchin grew up. The senator was born and raised in Farmington, a small coal town in the northern section of the state that's just outside of Fairmont, the state's 7th largest city, nestled on a hilly landscape right on the Monongahela River.
Marion County voted for the Democratic candidate in 19 of the 20 presidential elections between 1932 and 2008. In 2008, Barack Obama only won the county by .4 percent of the vote, and then in 2012, Mitt Romney won the county by 14 percent. By 2016, it wasn't close. Donald Trump easily won the county over Hillary Clinton by 33 percent.
The region is relatively rural, and many residents have been in the area their entire life. In the 2010 census, the county was 94 percent white, with a median income for a household of $38,115 — not far off from the state's numbers as a whole.
Voters here this week offered a vast variety of grades for President Trump, and most were familiar with their senator, many even noting personal experiences they've had with him over the years.
Taylor Sutphin, who lives in Fairmont and works in the packing and moving business, considers himself mostly a Republican and is thankful for the Trump administration rolling back some regulations he felt were hindering his industry.
Trump is “probably not the best president that we've ever had,” Sutphin told NBC News, “but some of the stuff that he's done when it comes to deregulating DOT makes it a lot easier on my end." Manchin, meanwhile, is “a good guy,” he said. “I can't say anything bad about him because I've done a lot of work for the Manchins. So, they're good people."
Jeff Fleming calls himself a “conservative Democrat,” and praised Manchin's job as senator in an interview this week. “It's hard right now to be a Democrat in this country because they've tagged it with the far left and that's not necessarily the case with West Virginia Democrats. West Virginia Democrats used to be traditionally conservative, and I think that's where he stands, and it's kind of where I stand.”
When it comes to the president, the “jury's still out,” Fleming said. “I haven't drawn a conclusion on him yet. I know he's gotten a lot of bad press but we'll see how his policies go. I'll give the guy time.”
Doyle Cowger, a retired coal miner who has lived around Fairmont all his life, didn't like Trump or Hillary Clinton in 2016 but told NBC News that he felt Clinton was the better option of the two. He felt the sentiment around his region largely changed during the last election.
The president “knows the right things to say to get elected in this state, but he didn't say what I liked,” Cowger said. “And I'm a coal miner and I still don't like what he said.” Cowger voted for Manchin before and plans to again. “He's working on pensions for the minors and the other labor people and looks out for old people, or seems to.”
If Manchin loses this fall, it could be partly because of voters he's won before that he could not keep for another round. This year, Republicans believe they have extra ammo to unleash in the fight for this seat, including Manchin's support for gun background check legislation in 2013, and his votes last year against President Trump's top legislative priorities.
Carson Zickefoose, a paralegal from nearby Shinnston, “couldn't be happier” with the president, and is one of those voters Republicans know they might have reached. He's a registered Republican, but Zickefoose calls himself a “conservative first."
He said he voted for Manchin twice as governor but probably won't vote for him for Senate this year. “He talks a lot about wanting to work with President Trump and wanting to be part of the solution," he said in an interview.
"But he's voted against absolutely everything that Trump's put up."
As the clock strikes midnight on Christmas Eve, Marie's wooden nutcracker doll comes to life and transforms into a prince! Soon joined by her other toys that have also come to life, Marie and her prince embark on a dreamy unforgettable adventure. A holiday tradition for the whole family, The Nutcracker enchants the Bolshoi stage for two hours of enchantment and magic. Along with Tchaikovsky's cherished score and and some of the Bolshoi's greatest artists, The Nutcracker remains a treasure not to be missed!
Video
A BBC investigation has revealed how an organised crime gang secretly invested millions of pounds in the UK.
Panorama discovered that the Ukrainian gangsters bought luxury properties in central London.
This is what happened when reporter Andy Verity tried to question the Mayor of Odessa, suspected of involvement.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
For its 2018 product lineup, Redington will introduce five new outfits perfect for beginners, kids, and experts. The Vice, Path, Crosswater, Topo, and Minnow outfits include rod, reel, line, and rod and reel case.
Read more in the press release below.
Redington Introduces Multiple New Outfits to make Fly Fishing More Accessible to All
BAINBRIDGE ISLAND, WASH. (June 29, 2017) – Redington knows that offering outfits takes the guessing game out of matching rods, reels, and lines, so for 2018 it introduces five setups perfect for beginners, kids, and experts. Redington will introduce the VICE, PATH, CROSSWATER, TOPO, and MINNOW Outfits at the EFTTEX (European Fishing Tackle Trade Association) trade show at booth CP7 June 29-July 1 and at IFTD (International Fly Tackle Dealers) at booth 4859 July 12-14 before becoming available to the public in August 2017.
Building on the success of the fast-action VICE fly rod introduced last year, Redington paired the rod with the new i.D. reel and RIO Mainstream fly line with rod and reel case for a retail price of $299.99. Available in 4 through 9-weights, this outfit feeds a fishing habit for nearly any species.
The tried and true PATH gets impressive cosmetic updates on this smooth-casting, medium-fast action rod, and paired with the redesigned CROSSWATER reel, RIO Mainstream line, and Cordura rod tube these outfits shine for $189.99 for freshwater and $199.99 for saltwater options. Freshwater models range from 4-9 weights while saltwater anglers can choose either an 8 or 9 weight.
The easy-to-cast CROSSWATER fly rod is ideal for the new angler with its medium-fast action and striking cosmetics. Paired with the CROSSWATER reel and RIO's Mainstream fly line, this outfit comes with a one year warranty and a rod sock. Available in 2 and 4-piece configurations, these outfits range from 4 through 9-weights for $139.99 and $149.99, respectively.
With the TOPO Outfit, all you need to do is add water. This outfit comes complete with everything you need to fish: rod, CROSSWATER reel, RIO Mainstream line, a tapered leader, six flies in a fly box, an extra spool of tippet, and a nipper. Ideal for any outdoor adventure, the TOPO Outfit retails for $219.99 and has a one year warranty.
Redington wouldn't forget about kids who want to get out and fish, so it redesigned the MINNOW Outfit. With its shorter length at 8' and smaller grip, this medium action, 5-weight fly rod allows for easy casting and enjoyable days on the water. Combined with a pre-spooled RIO Mainstream line on the CROSSWATER reel and Cordura rod tube, this outfit retails for $149.99.
About Redington:
Committed to furthering the sport of fly fishing, Redington focuses on making quality performance gear that excites its customers and advances the sport. Founded in 1992, Redington brings innovative and quality performance products to the market. Our products are inspired by our consumer's needs, influences, and adventures. Whether experienced or a beginner fly fisher, we offer the products you need to excel on the water. Connect with us at www.redington.com, on Facebook or Instagram
Abe Vigoda left out of Oscars 'In Memoriam' tribute “They left Abe Vigoda out of the in memoriam,” comic Jeffrey Ross tweeted. “That's okay, he dies every year anyway.”
Abe Vigoda celebrated with laughs at funeral service Mourners filled the Chapel with laughs, as if they were roasting the actor who died Tuesday at the age of 94.
6:45a
Mila Kunis is 34 years old today. Name the hit sitcom both she and her husband got their big breaks from.
28 years ago today Bon Jovi's album “New Jersey” became the first American album legally released in the Soviet Union. What is the lead singer's name?
Brooke Shields is going to have a “major” recurring role on the upcoming season of Law & Order: SVU. She says, quote, “I play a very different character from any I have ever played.” What does SVU stand for in the show's title?
The Backstreet Boys did an interview with Billboard for the 20th anniversary of their first album. Which of these two 90's boy-bands had an album released in the United States first? BSB or NSYNC?
A list from Entertainment Weekly says the most underrated Disney sidekick is Pegasus from Hercules. What is a Pegasus?
7:45a
A man rushed to the stage at a Britney Spears show in Vegas last Wednesday night. What animal is Britney Spears known for holding during her 2001 VMA's performance of “I'm a Slave 4 U?”
Beyoncé is still being mommy-shamed for drinking wine shortly after giving birth to her twins. Name the other two final members of Beyonce's girl group Destiny's Child that started out her extremely successful solo artist career.
Halle Berry is 51 today. She won an Oscar for her performance in this 2001 film also starring Billy Bob Thornton.
TMZ has videos of Tom Cruise doing his own stunts for the upcoming Mission: Impossible movie, and he's jumping between buildings. In the video he botches the stunt twice and looks like he may have hurt himself. What is Cruises character's name in the Mission: Impossible series?
Anna Paquin recognized her True Blood sex scene in the background of a recent BBC broadcast as soon as she saw it. What is the name of Vampire her character Sookie first falls in love with on the show?
8:45a
Katy Perry went to an Ed Sheeran concert with her ex Orlando Bloom, but unlike them paddle-boarding together, he wasn't naked. Did Katy date Orlando before or after John Mayer?
Thomas Rhett and his wife Lauren now have a family of four. Lauren gave birth to a baby girl on Saturday named Ada James. Country star Rhett had a crossover hit that killed it on pop stations back in 2015 called ___ a happy man.
Which of these Taylor Swift songs went #1 and had a Grammy-award winning video that featured Selena Gomez, Ellie Goulding, and Gigi Hadid? “Blank Space” or “Bad Blood?”
It was just announced that Leonardo DiCaprio will play Leonardo da Vinci in an upcoming film. What was the name of the film that finally won Leonardo his first Academy Award that featured him as a frontiersman sustaining life-threatening injuries from a bear attack?
Florida Georgia Line recorded a duet with pop singer Bebe Rexha for her latest EP titled All Your Fault: Part Two. What member of One Direction did Bebe Rexha just release a song with called “Back to You?” Louis, Liam or Niall?
Can they lick Salt?!
Canary Extends Ways that Families and Business Owners Can Stay Connected with Environments and Loved Ones
Announces two-way Canary Talk — Available on Canary and Canary Flex
Debuts Web app for Continuous Desktop Streaming for Consumers, Small Business Owners
Optimizes Watch Live to Near-zero Latency, Provides Real-time Viewing
Strengthens Membership, Offers Unrivaled Features & Benefits
NEW YORK, Aug. 14, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Canary, the NYC-based pioneer of smart home security, today unveiled several new features across its product lineup, including Canary Talk (two-way audio), a Web app update enabling desktop streaming and an optimized version of its Watch Live feature that delivers true, real-time viewing. Available to Canary and Canary Flex owners worldwide, these feature updates respond to the increasingly varied ways consumers are using Canary to stay protected and keep connected.
“Canary redefined how people interact with their environments and loved ones, and today's upgrades are true to our mission of building products that get smarter and more sophisticated over time,” said Adam Sager CEO and cofounder of Canary. “By design, we've created a smart networked video platform that serves our users in ways that traditional security simply cannot.”
Canary is a daily habit for its users, who, on average, interact with the Canary app more than three times a day. From safeguarding the wellbeing of family members to monitoring Main Street businesses to checking in on pets, Canary not only uses deep learning to understand environmental activity but uniquely equips its users with tools to take action. Today's updates come on top of popular features, such as one-touch access to first responders and remote siren activation on the Canary All-in-One, delivering an end-to-end security solution unlike anything else on the market.
Canary Talk
Canary Talk further unites home and away, connecting remote users with their children, nanny, elderly parents and even pets, through real-time conversations. While traditionally called two-way audio, Canary Talk enables multiple remote users linked to a location to participate in real-time conversations, simultaneously. Starting today, Canary Talk will be available for Canary All-in-One devices, and in September, for Canary Flex.
Web App
Canary is also introducing desktop streaming today through a new Web app, making it even easier for its users to continually monitor their homes and businesses. The Web app adds to an already multi-platform experience, which includes iOS and Android smartphones, Apple TV and Apple Watch. All current and future users subscribed to Canary Membership will have access to the new Web app and Canary Talk.
New Watch Live
In addition to Canary Talk and the new Web app, Canary is releasing an optimized Watch Live experience, which enables near-instantaneous access to your home through your smartphone. This new upgraded experience mitigates the latency commonly attributed to devices across the IP camera category, allowing users to stream live video in virtual real-time. The new Watch Live experience will be available to all Canary users, and timed with the release of Canary Talk.
Canary Membership
Canary Talk and the desktop streaming are additions to an already feature-rich Canary Membership plan, which provides unlimited access to full videos that are stored for 30 days, unlimited downloads and shares and the added security of services such as an extended device warranty and dedicated incident support. Canary's Membership plan, starting at just $9.99/month or $99/year, is designed to protect users prior to, during and following an incident, bringing the promise of security full-circle and extending the way users connect with home and their loved ones.
To learn more about Canary's Membership plan, please visit canary.is/membership.
About Canary
Canary empowers people to live fearless lives, providing smart, actionable intelligence about the home and the people you love. We seamlessly integrate state-of-the-art hardware with sophisticated software to create simple, effective products that solve real problems and empower people to live fearless lives. By harnessing powerful computer vision and machine learning algorithms to interpret an extensive array of sensor data, we identify meaningful information about what happens at home—creating a richer and more immediate connection to the people and places that matter most. A daily habit for customers, who check into the app more than three times a day, Canary was fully distributed in 15 countries in just 15 months and is available in over 10,000 retail stores across North America and Europe. Smarter Technology. Superior Design. Real Security.
(AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis). A participant with the 40 Days for Life campaign, stands outside the Jackson Women's Health Organization clinic in Jackson, Miss., seeking support to their efforts to end abortion, Thursday, March 8, 2018. The facility is c...
(AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis). Kami Bullock, left, and Barbara Beavers, both anti-abortion supporters, stand with their signs outside the Jackson Women's Health Organization clinic in Jackson, Miss., and attempt to elicit support from passing drivers, Th...
(AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis). Kami Bullock, left, and Barbara Beavers, both anti-abortion supporters, stand with their signs outside the Jackson Women's Health Organization clinic in Jackson, Miss., Thursday, March 8, 2018. The facility is currently Mis...
(AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis). A participant with the 40 Days for Life campaign, stands outside the Jackson Women's Health Organization clinic in Jackson, Miss., seeking support to their efforts to end abortion, Thursday, March 8, 2018. The facility is c...
By JEFF AMY and SARAH MEARHOFF
Associated Press
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) - The nation's most restrictive abortion law is headed for a showdown before a federal judge only hours after it was signed by Mississippi's governor.
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves late Monday scheduled arguments Tuesday morning over whether he should immediately block the law after a request by the state's only abortion clinic and a physician who works there.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday, immediately banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. How quickly will the effects of the law be felt in Mississippi? Dr. Sacheen Carr-Ellis of the Jackson Women's Health Organization stated in court papers that a woman 15 weeks or more pregnant is scheduled for a Tuesday afternoon abortion.
The law and responding challenge set up a confrontation sought by abortion opponents, who are hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable. Current federal law does not.
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favors abortion opponents.
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?" Bryant said in a video his office posted on social media.
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
"We'll probably be sued in about half an hour," Bryant said to laughter from supporters as he signed the bill. "That'll be fine with me. It'll be worth fighting over."
Bryant's prediction was accurate. The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there sued in federal court within an hour, arguing the law violates other federal court rulings saying a state can't restrict abortion before a child can survive on its own outside the womb.
The Jackson Women's Health Organization, in a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, argued the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
"Under decades of United States Supreme Court precedent, the state of Mississippi cannot ban abortion prior to viability, regardless of what exceptions are provided to the ban," the suit states.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
Carr-Ellis, in a sworn statement, says she'll have to stop providing abortions to women past the 15 week ban, or else lose her Mississippi medical license, as House Bill 1510 requires. She says women shouldn't be forced to carry their pregnancies to term against their wills or leave the state to obtain abortions.
"A woman who is pregnant should have the ability to make the decision that is best for her about the course of her pregnancy, based on her own values and goals for her life," Carr-Ellis said in the statement.
Republican legislative leaders Lt. Gov Tate Reeves and House Speaker Philip Gunn both attended Bryant's private signing ceremony
"The winners (today) are those babies that are in the womb, first and foremost," Gunn said. "Those are the ones we're trying to protect."
When asked if the state is prepared to bear the cost of a lawsuit, Gunn said, "Absolutely."
"I don't know if you can put any value on human life," Gunn said. "We are all about fighting to protect the unborn. Whatever challenges we have to take on to do that, is something we're willing to do."
Opponents, though, predicted the attempt to allow states to restrict abortion before viability would fail.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We believe this law should be a model for the rest of the country," Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy, said in a statement.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
___
Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/Jeff_Amy .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Jets wide receiver Brandon Marshall called 2016 his “most frustrating year,” but the 32-year-old wants to keep playing and hopes to be back with the Jets in 2017.
Marshall is due to make $7.5 million next season, none of which is guaranteed, so the Jets could save the entire amount against the salary cap by cutting him. They also could ask him to take a pay cut, which Marshall seemed amenable to on Monday.
“It's not about the money anymore,” Marshall said. “It's all about winning. I know what I'm worth. I think this team knows what I'm worth. It's not about the money. I'm good. All I want to do is win. I don't care about anything but winning. That's it.”
Marshall missed the final game of the season on Sunday against the Bills with a hip injury. Marshall also dealt with an MCL sprain and foot sprain he suffered in Week 2. He finished the year with 59 catches for 788 yards and three touchdowns, a huge dropoff from his record-setting 2015 season. Marshall also found himself in the middle of a few locker-room blowups this year. There was a lot of talk on Monday about the divisions in the Jets locker room and how that affected the team.
“These things happen,” Marshall said. “You just have to be a man and be tough to take the criticism. It's one thing to sit back and lose and it's another to sit back and not speak up when you have an opportunity to speak up. I think everybody's motive in this locker room is to win. That's why we're here. Whatever it takes, you have to do it.”
Marshall said he was happy with how he approached leading the team, but maybe could be more aware of how others would receive his message.
“I think in retrospect I can work on my timing, but I'm totally fine with my approach this year,” Marshall said. “My only motive is to win ball games. I'm tired of going home right after the season. I'm tired of watching the playoffs on my couch. I'm tired of it. It's just a frustrating year. It's been a frustrating career from that aspect. Hopefully, things change moving forward.”
Marshall said he wants to play until he is 38 or 39 years old. He said he has not lost confidence in his abilities.
“I'm extremely confident that I'm still an elite receiver,” Marshall said. “I still demand double coverage. I still demand a lot of attention. So, that's really good. That gives our other receivers one-on-one matchups. They get a chance to go up against No. 2 or No. 3 corners on the other side, which is good when we have the talent that we have with Quincy [Enunwa] and Robby [Anderson] and [Eric] Decker getting healthy. Those guys are uncoverable. I think I'm still at the level where I can demand that type of respect, that type of coverage. The numbers weren't there, that's new for me. This is a year that most receivers can hang their hat on, not for me. The bar is set high, and it's unacceptable.”
How I went from rock bottom to career high Ten years ago Elly McGuire worked as a director of advertising and new business development on posh Park Avenue. Then the Great Recession hit, she was downsized and her employer...
Offices are fleeing to the Bronx in droves When Greg Kessler wasn't able to find a decent studio near his Brooklyn home last year, he ended up moving his workspace to The Bronx. He hasn't looked back since....
My job is forcing active shooter training on me I am a fire warden for my office and we regularly supervise drills. Now, the company wants to train us to be first responders in the case of an active...
Being mindful is the key to success You won't find any meditation pods at Updater, a Union Square-based startup that makes an app that helps automate the drudgery people encounter when they move. “But we are into...
How to deal with the stigma of taking paternity leave Rob Bralow, 34, a father of two young boys and the co-owner of BLVD Wine Bar in Long Island City, heard some curious remarks from co-workers when he told them...
These New Yorkers quit their high-flying jobs to make a difference Saving the world is a tall order, but that hasn't kept these New Yorkers from trying. They ditched their successful, well-paid careers to do something that effects change, and the...
How to handle a manipulative co-worker I joined a new team at my company six months ago and my manager assigned a senior colleague to help train me and manage my projects while I'm learning the...
How men and women can work better together Some say the #MeToo movement has inspired new rules at work, with men now having to take more of a literal, and metaphorical, hands-off approach in interactions with their female...
These companies use luxurious perks to promote company wellness Need a workday breather? How about a guided meditation, tai chi demonstration or yoga break? Today's shrewd employers are offering such mini-escapes and more on their dime and time, aimed...
Image caption Dyfed-Powys Police old CCTV cameras were switched off two years ago
Towns in the Dyfed-Powys Police area could be watched again by CCTV cameras within six months, the police and crime commissioner Dafydd Llywelyn has said.
The £2m four-year project will start in the Carmarthenshire towns of Llanelli, Ammanford and Carmarthen.
The previous commissioner Christopher Salmon stopped CCTV monitoring after a report said removing cameras would not result in significant rises in crime.
But Mr Llywelyn said CCTV will help.
"It has made it a little more difficult for police officers to do their work without having access to the comprehensive CCTV infrastructure," he told the BBC.
Mr Llywelyn hopes the project will be out to tender in September before the network is switched on early in 2018 to help "support policing resources" and "keep our communities safe".
The project has been funded by a seven percent hike in the police precept householders pay via council tax, which saw a rise in an average Band D household of an extra 27p per week across Carmarthenshire, Pembrokeshire, Ceredigion and Powys.
Image copyright Geograph/Ceridwen Image caption King Street in Carmarthen has a CCTV camera watching over shoppers
"It is half of a percent of the entire Dyfed-Powys Police budget," Mr Llywelyn said. "It is a worthwhile investment for our communities."
"Lots of the old infrastructure in the Dyfed-Powys area was installed in the 1990s and technology has moved on."
He added it is "vitally important" an "upgraded, effective and modern" CCTV camera system is monitored live to "nip some incidents in the bud."
"There must be a prevention element."
A team has spent six months working on potential locations and camera specifications before the planned switch-on next year.
As a society, we promise that education is the key to a better life. But fulfilling that promise requires that institutions of higher education are held accountable, and that there are protections in place to guarantee that education doesn't lead to a lifetime of indebtedness.
Rep. Virginia Foxx, R-Va., the chair of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, introduced a bill last week that fails on all counts, and instead sells out students to corporate interests ready to get rich off taxpayer-backed education dollars. A bill reauthorizing the Higher Education Act should be a real opportunity to help students; this one just makes their lives worse by raising repayment costs for struggling borrowers, letting institutions that scam students off the hook, and narrowing relief for defrauded students.
Foxx's legislation, which pares the six available student loan programs to three (undergraduate, graduate and parental), completely eliminates subsidized loans for undergraduates, which means that students will pay more for their education over time. Currently, students with enough federally-determined financial need can qualify for subsidized Stafford or Perkins loans, in which the federal government pays the interest charged by service providers while the students are in school, which prevents students who qualify from facing more debt after graduation than they borrowed while attending classes.
The forgiveness Rep. Virginia Foxx denies to borrowers in her higher education bill is in abundant supply for proprietary, for-profit colleges.
The bill also fails to increase the maximum Pell Grant award for low-income students, and changes how they are paid out to students who receive them. And, at a time when the student parent population is growing and the cost of childcare continues to be out of reach for many working families and student parents, Foxx's bill does nothing to increase investments to provide on-campus childcare.
Currently, outstanding student debt has reached $1.4 trillion and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has found that there are over 8 million borrowers in default on their student loans. But Foxx's bill eliminates the $0 per month payment for which the lowest income borrowers qualify in certain income-driven repayment plans This change alone would push even more borrowers into default.
It's not the only change that will hurt vulnerable borrowers. According to the National Consumer Law Center, the other changes the bill makes to income-based repayment plans mean that it could take a low-income borrower with just $30,000 in student loan debt an incredible 138 years to repay their student loans.
And beyond those issues, the bill also takes direct aim at those who've committed their careers to public service, by eliminating the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program, which forgives federal loans after 10 years for those who pursue work in emergency services, public education, social work, or other public sector jobs.
But the forgiveness Foxx denies to borrowers is in abundant supply for proprietary, for-profit colleges. The Obama-era “gainful employment” rule denies federal financial aid dollars to schools that consistently leave students worse off. Rep. Foxx's bill eliminates the rule, letting schools continue to use taxpayer dollars no matter how bad the outcomes for their students are.
For-profit colleges leave far too many students worse off than when they started taking out loans and reporting to class.
The bill also rolls back a measure meant to ensure that for-profit schools are worth the tuition they charge. The 90-10 rule requires that for-profit colleges receive at least 10 percent of their revenue from a source other than federal student loans. Instead of making the rule stronger (as student and consumer advocates have been asking for years), Foxx's bill eviscerates this simple protection altogether, paving the way to hand over even more taxpayer money to for-profit institutions with no questions asked.
But perhaps the most insulting part of this terrible legislation is the way it treats students who were defrauded by predatory schools. Two giant for-profit colleges, Corinthian and ITT, have collapsed in the last few years, and both schools faced numerous lawsuits and investigations for misrepresentation of job placement rates and other abuses. A decades-old rule known as borrower defense to repayment dictates that, if your school breaks certain laws, you're entitled to a cancellation of your federal student loans.
Nearly 100,000 former students of Corinthian, ITT and other institutions have pursued this right to cancellation, but the Department of Education continues to sit on their applications. In the meantime, their lives remain on hold, with ruined credit and no job prospects, because employers see Corinthian and ITT as a stain, not a boon, on a resume.
Against this backdrop, Congress should be working to expedite relief; instead, Foxx wants to narrow these former students' options even further. Her bill puts new and senseless limits on this relief by denying any help to scammed students who did not individually apply for a discharge within three years of when the misconduct by the school occurred — not when it's uncovered. Many students don't know until long after graduation (often following a slew of rejections by employers) that their education was worthless, let alone that the schools had even committed misconduct or that they're eligible for loan cancellation. Foxx's legislation makes no allowances for these victims, even as it rolls out the red carpet for the types of schools that commit the sorts of abuses that would make students eligible for relief.
For-profit colleges leave far too many students worse off than when they started taking out loans and reporting to class. Foxx had the power to change that with this bill. Instead she turned her back on students to favor the corporate interests who abuse the federal financial aid system in which taxpayers invest in and on which millions of students rely.
CHICAGO – The tortured expressions were priceless, really. This was at a saloon called Sluggers, which is right across the street from Wrigley Field. The home team was out of town, there was a concert just letting out at the famous ballpark, so the Cubs were on every television in the bar.
They were winning.
But, apparently, they weren't winning by enough. And seeing those tortured expressions – and eavesdropping on some even more tortured observations and conversations – was truly priceless.
“This [stuff] gets old,” said one.
“Same old ridiculous Cubs,” said another.
“And here come the [gosh-darn] Cardinals,” said a third.
As a stranger in a strange land, I held my tongue because who am I to remind these Cubby-loving Old Style slurpers that, you know, the Cubs are still in first place, despite seeming only half-interested most of the year.
And, oh yeah:
THEY WON THE WORLD SERIES LAST YEAR!!!
It was in all the papers.
Except … oh, come on, we see a little bit – or a lotta bit – of ourselves in them, don't we? There is that famous sign, unfurled at the end of the Rangers-Canucks Stanley Cup Finals game in 1994, a slogan borrowed by Red Sox fans in 2004 and White Sox fans in '05 and Cubs fans last year: “Now I Can Die In Peace.”
It's a neat sentiment.
And in almost all cases, a total crock.
Yankee fans always get the most heat for this kind of behavior, because those who aren't Yankees fans simply can't grasp what fans of a team with 27 championships to their credit – five in the last 21 years – could possibly have to complain about. And yet complain they do – about the manager, about the GM, about how the stars and the fates and the gods are all lined up against them.
(One of my favorite Twitter feeds belongs to one of my favorite actors, Nick Turturro [@NickTurturro1] which, mostly, is an anguished real-time account of his passion for and devotion to the Yankees. Check it out sometime. Then think about what it would be like if he were a fan of, say, the Indians. Or the Padres. It never fails to make me smile.)
Of course, the Yankees aren't alone. Being a sports fan, in some ways, is a much safer, much more benign version of the time-honored story of the soldier stuck in his foxhole, shells blasting all around him, who pledges to God: “Get me out of here, get me home, and I swear I'll become a priest!” Except then he does get out of there, does get home, and realizes … um …
In the heat of a pennant race, in the teeth of a playoff game, a fan is likely to make all kind of bargains with the invisible judges and juries who decide such outcome. Mostly, the song goes like this: “Just let me have this ONE time, I swear to God I'll never want another coach fired, another player traded, I'll never, ever, EVER complain again, about anything …”
Except then your team wins it all ….
And it just isn't the same without the angst. I made a bet with a colleague how long it would take in the 2012 season – the year after the Giants won their second Super Bowl in four years – before one of us would get an e-mail demanding Tom Coughlin be fired. My friend, far less cynical, set eight games as the target. I picked four.
Correct answer: one.
But that's OK, honestly. That's what fans do. That's what we are. We are irrational and unreasonable and altogether blotto when it comes to our teams. Recently I had a dialogue with a Mets fan who was beside himself with fury about Sandy Alderson, demanding, “What the hell has he done here?”
I somewhat cautiously reminded him the Mets were still less than two years removed from the World Series.
“Besides that!” he said.
So yes: I laughed at those Cubs fans in Sluggers, and I listened some more, and as the good guys pulled away for an easy win I saw relief on faces and happiness in hearts. All of it more temporary than a flimsy camping tent. Sports is awesome.
Vac's Whacks
Sometimes it's good to be wrong, and I was all wrong about Jay Bruce, who not only proved he could play and produce in New York but in many ways became the quintessential New York athlete — accountable, quotable, reliable. It would be terrific if he found his way back here sometime, either end of the Triboro.
I guess the Nets are our revenge for Montezuma's Revenge?
Small sample size for me so far, but I like just about everything about “Ozark” on Netflix.
He's having a tricky time with the bat so far (Friday notwith-standing but when Mets pitchers see Amed Rosario's work at shortstop they have to wonder how many runs he could've saved them in June and July.
Whack Back at Vac
John A. Bennett: Baseball is the only one of the four major professional sports where history and tradition really matter. The Yankees have the richest tradition of all. They mess with that at their peril.
Ron Perri: Call me old-fashioned but the Yankees in these ridiculous uniforms reminds me of the White Sox in short pants.
Vac: I like tradition as much as the next guy, but this is baseball, not church. I just don't think these one-shot jerseys are going to deconsecrate the sport. Maybe that makes me a bad purist.
Guy Miller: Daniel Murphy, Justin Turner: How long before Nolan Ryan comes out of retirement to toss a no-no against the Mets?
Vac: I'd believe anything at this point, wouldn't you?
@voxnomo: In my opinion, no response at all from Brandon Marshall is the response that most diminishes Sheldon Richardson. Just ignore him.
@MikeVacc: It must be killing Richardson, too.
Robb Austin: The only thing I'm sorry about for you is that at 7 years of age in 1973 you missed many, many great Notre Dame seasons and games under Ara. Coming off the Kuharich and Devore years, the Era of Ara was magical.
Vac: I feel the same exact way about just missing the great Knicks teams of the early '70s.
As values planet Venus moves into the wealth area of your chart today you would be wise to turn your attention to your financial situation and whether or not it is living up to your expectations. If it isn't then maybe you should start making changes.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki lays a wreath as he visits the Ulma Family Museum of Poles Who Saved Jews during WWII, in Markowa, Poland, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Poland and Israel are locked in a bitter dispute over Poland's new legislation that is to regulate Holocaust speech. Alik Keplicz AP Photo
Police in New York City are looking for a suspect who they say robbed a 68-year-old in a walker and put him in a chokehold before stealing $300. The same person is accused of robbing a 48-year-old man in the same way and at the same apartment complex in February. New York Police Department
Rory McIlroy admits he will have "no excuses" for not performing well in this week's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open.
McIlroy won the title in 2016 but has missed the cut in four of the last five years, during which time he has had to juggle his duties as tournament host of the £5.3million event.
"I've cut back from a few things off the golf course," McIlroy said in his pre-tournament press conference at Ballyliffin. "It's not that we're not doing them, I'm just maybe not as involved in some of the stuff.
"There's been a couple of times where I just haven't felt as prepared as I could have been walking on to the first tee on Thursday. So I got here Monday morning, practised Monday afternoon and all day yesterday.
"I've done my work. So there's no excuse about not being prepared or not, and I've learned that as I went along. I felt I was underprepared at County Down [in 2015]. I felt OK at The K Club I guess. I've learnt as I went along and I feel this year I'm right where I need to be."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The fight started after Middlesbrough beat Sheffield United at home
Children were "targeted" in a post-match brawl which broke out between more than 200 football fans in a coach park, a police chief has said.
Trouble flared in Riverside Stadium car park after the Middlesbrough v Sheffield United game on Saturday.
Children as young as 10 were hurt in the violence, which also left one Cleveland Police officer in hospital.
Assistant Chief Constable Jason Harwin said it was one of the worst incidents he had seen in 25 years of service.
"The vast majority of fans accept that football is a family game, watched by children, parents and grandparents," he added.
"It's terrifying for children to witness such violence, or be innocently embroiled in it as their parents frantically try to keep them safe.
"Unfortunately a small minority of people behave in a manner which puts innocent fans at risk."
Mr Harwin said the majority of those involved were from Sheffield and South Yorkshire.
Richard Ball, 47, of Manor Oaks Road in Sheffield, has been charged with a public order offence and will appear at Teesside Magistrates' Court on 8 September.
Two men were cautioned for pitch invasion, and two more arrested on suspicion of affray were released under investigation.
Image caption Boro fan Chris Davey said he had never seen anything like in 50 years of going to football games
Boro fan Chris Davey was with his wife in a coach which was among several vehicles that were attacked.
He described it as "mayhem" and said it was reminiscent of the old days of hooliganism.
"I don't think that even in the bad days I saw anything like that, so close at hand, and felt quite as threatened as I did.
"The majority of people who were coming past were families, parents with one or two kids with them and it was just shocking to see the kids in tears because they were so frightened."
'Threatening behaviour'
Middlesbrough FC won the Championship game 1-0.
The club has released a statement saying it "deplored" the behaviour of those involved, and would do its utmost to ensure they were identified.
It said: "We pride ourselves on being a family club, and there is absolutely no place for the incidents of violence and threatening behaviour that occurred both inside the stadium and also in the coach and car park areas after the game.
"We are also meeting with a number of supporters today, who were unwittingly caught up in the disturbances outside, and we shall be seeking their views on the scenes that occurred."
Back in the days of the music halls, it would have been known as a bit of slap and tickle.
You might as well admit what you like is a bit of titillation, of the strictly legal variety, of course.
The Carry On films provided it for us in the 1960s and 70s.
And more recently, weather updates have replaced property news reports as the most acceptable version of soft porn.
In the heady days of Ireland's Celtic Tiger economy property prices rocketed and the newspaper property supplements bulged with news of houses and apartments for sale.
How we loved checking out the values, and great was the excitement as it seemed the prices were headed in one direction only.
The recession has dampened the moon, and as property turned toxic we sent ourselves to the weather news.
It suited the darkening mood.
Good weather never gets much attention.
We want to hear about ice, frost, storms, hurricanes and floods.
We want to know that the river Shannon has burst its banks and, sweeping all before it, the water is headed towards County Kildare and before we know it the Curragh plains will be submerged.
It's not too long ago since there only extreme weather events made the headlines — like Hurricane Matthew which devastated Haiti in 2016, leaving one of the poorest nations on earth with 600 fatalities and God know how much damage.
Or Hurricane Katrina, further back in 2005, which left maybe 1,500 dead and billions of dollars worth of reconstruction bills.
These days, the weather authorities report less significant weather events with warnings attached.
Storms are an obvious fact of life in winter and didn't always have warnings which hit the headline.
But whatever about warnings, the naming of storms is providing us with some wonderful entertainment.
It was hard enough to remember the names of the hurricanes without the storms being added.
Between the storms and hurricanes, it seems that we've been getting hit almost every week. Sometimes they interchange. Hurricane Ophelia revved up fairly mightily somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean on October 9 and we had the fingernails bitten off ourselves while we awaited its coming.
Alas, by the time it arrived in Co. Kerry, it was an ex-hurricane and it finished up as a storm.
There is little wrong with Met Eireann and the UK's Met Office collaborating to provide us with more information about the weather and weather systems. They have the technology and they sure as hell are going to use it.
And at least we know what's coming. Many weather reports save lives.
Likewise, there was once a straightforward weather warning when weather looked like it was about to take a bad turn.
Now they come in three versions, one more scarier than the next and they are helpfully colour coded.
Status Red means stay in bed for the day.
Last September the weather authorities issued the names for the storms that might befall us this season.
No sooner had they been named than the first, Aileen, arrived.
It was followed by Ophelia, then Brian.
We've had eight so far, the latest being Storm Georgina.
If another comes it'll be Hector and the weather services have names in place for another dozen or more.
Let's hope we don't get them or at least get them all.
Because if we do the weather authorities — and they do a sterling job forecasting what's about to arrive on any given day — might start naming other less worrisome weather events to slake our thirst for weather news an dour search for things to worry about. And our weather reports will feature items about Drizzle David, Soft Day Sally and Mild Weather Mabel.
SEE ALSO: POLL:
The alcohol caverns operated under the Weatherspoon banner have a new rule, one designed to dissuade the more confident of drunks from blagging a free charge of their phone from bar staff.
From now-ish, bar staff across the group have been told not to accept phones from customers at the bar for charging, as apparently popping in for a quick pint and a few hundred milliamp hours of electricity is how the modern man rolls.
A spokesperson for the chain said: "The bar itself is busy and we do not want people's phones there. We also do not want the hassle of phones keep being handed over the bar for charging. If people wish to charge their phone in the pub, then that would be up to the discretion of the manager." [Kent Live]
More Phones Posts:
Share
Twitter rolled out an updated privacy policy on Tuesday, with less legalese and a simpler format to help clarify how the platform uses data. The change, prompted in part by the upcoming General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) laws in the European Union, is designed to make the company's policies easier to understand. While the laws are only in the EU, Twitter says that the privacy settings and privacy policy update applies worldwide.
“Twitter's purpose is to keep the world informed by serving the public conversation,” Damien Kieran, Twitter's data protection officer, wrote in a blog post. “We work hard to build a great experience for people tweeting, and seeing tweets all over the world, and protecting the privacy of the people who use Twitter every day. We believe you should know the types of data you share with us and how we use it. Most importantly, you should have meaningful control over both.”
The new policy revises content to use clearer language, Twitter says. Part of making that language easier to understand includes highlighted phrases with hover-over definitions.
Take Direct Messages, for example. Twitter's new policy says that for those, “we will store and process your communication and information related to them. This includes link scanning for malicious content, link shortening to http://t.co URLs, detection of spam and prohibited images, and review of reported issues.” The policy doesn't appear to change Twitter's approach to Direct Messages, but spells out what the company does with them — the current version of the privacy policy stops at storing and processing and doesn't go into detail exactly what that entails.
The updated policy is redesigned to include several different sections, with a navigation section on the left of each section to look for a specific topic. The design is optimized for both desktop and mobile browsers, as well as including a downloadable plain text version.
Twitter is also inviting questions and comments on the new policy, with contact information directly inside the policy. Notably, Twitter includes contact information for U.S. users that aren't required to be assisted under the GDPR's mandated data protection officer.
The updated policy also includes links to the related privacy tools directly inside the document.
The new policy will go into effect on May 25, the first day of the GDPR regulation. Users worldwide will have access to the same tools and will see the same privacy policy. Twitter users in the European Union will see a prompt when those new policies are in effect and will also be asked to review their current privacy settings.
Sweatpants: the ultimate dating dealbreaker Each week, The Post sends readers on a blind date. Here's how it went: What's it take to win in the game of love? Jeff and Margaret, both 31, got...
Why blind dates are worth a shot It's a new year, and Victor, 27, and Margaret, 25, set out to discover if that means a new chance for romance, too. Astoria-based energy consultant Victor — self-described as...
The movies are wrong — holiday romance sucks Each week, The Post sends readers on a blind date. Here's how it went: SantaCon can be a tricky minefield of drunk holiday cheer to navigate no matter what the...
Bowling is way more fun than a formal dinner date Each week, The Post sends readers on a blind date. Here's how it went. Scott, 28, and Marissa, 32, were primed to be enemies. The two learned early in the...
Can this pair survive a 3-hour blind date on a boat? Each week, The Post sends readers on a blind date. Here's how it went. What's more nerve-racking than a blind date? A blind date that starts at 10 Sunday morning...
Can this Macy's Christmas elf find love? Each week, The Post sends readers on a blind date. Rachel, 24, and Josh, 23, are both growing careers under the big lights of Broadway — and looking for love,...
Police say a man has been hospitalized after his car went flying off a cliff on the Massachusetts coast.
The car went off the road Sunday in Plymouth, about 40 miles south of Boston.
A nearby resident, Karl Abele, says he saw the car go over the cliff and found it dangling about a third of the way down, narrowly avoiding a drop onto the beach below.
Abele says smoke was coming out of the car. He says he broke the rear windshield before he and another neighbor helped the driver out.
Abele says the man seemed dazed but otherwise OK. The driver was taken to a hospital; his condition wasn't immediately known.
The Plymouth Fire Department was able to remove the car that evening.
OSAGE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Osage County are investigating a case of illegal hunting, trespassing case and asking the public for help to identify suspects.
Just before 11:30 a.m. Saturday Kansas Game Wardens received a report of two shots fired from a newer white extended cab or crew cab Chevy pickup on Vassar Street just north of 229th Street in Osage County.
The pickup left the scene after the shots were fired then shortly after a car returned and a subject was dropped off and they ran into the field where the turkey was shot.
The subject was not able to recover the turkey and he wasn't seen again.
Wardens recovered Tom turkey and two spent shotgun shells at the scene.
Anyone who can help our wardens identify the suspects in this case are asked to call Operation Game Thief at (877) 426-3843. You can remain anonymous.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina — It's been an uneven week for Daniel Hemric.
The 26-year-old driver arrived at Charlotte Motor Speedway with a new contract with Richard Childress Racing, keeping him in the team's No. 21 Chevrolet in the Xfinity Series next year.
But the rookie, one of 12 drivers in the Xfinity playoffs, also entered the 1.5-mile track without three key crew members who are suspended for the next four races.
Crew chief Danny Stockman Jr., car chief Clint Almquist and engineer Luke Mason were suspended after a piece of tungsten ballast fell off Hemric's car on pit road at Dover.
They will not be eligible to return until the season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The suspension comes with Hemric sitting fifth in the standings, 37 points above the first driver outside a transfer spot. The Round of 8 fields will be decided by Saturday's Drive for the Cure 300.
But Hemric believes his team will be unfazed by the suspensions due to RCR's depth and experience. Randall Burnett, a former Cup crew chief, will serve as crew chief of the No. 21.
“Obviously, we accepted what happened,” Hemric said Friday. “We know it's unacceptable and we're not very proud of how it all went down on our end. But I talked about the depth of the company earlier and how we answer those calls, that depends on us. I feel solid with the group of guys we have to move forward with. I know Danny Stockman and my engineer back at the shop are still very, very, heavily involved in what's going to happen at the race track, throughout the race weekends and know those guys have been a huge part of what's gotten me into this situation we're in.
“I know as a whole, RCR is rallying around myself and Brendan Gaughan here in the Xfinity Series to make sure that we have the best possible shop to run for the championship. We're going to take what was given to us throughout the week (in) stride and feel like it's not going affect us in any form of a negative way going forward.”
If Hemric falters and isn't able to advance to the next round, he can be at ease knowing a disappointing end to the season won't hurt his career prospects come February. Hemric and Matt Tifft were both announced as part of RCR's Xfinity lineup for next season.
“It's obviously a very humbling situation to be a part of,” said Hemric, who is a native of nearby Kannapolis. “Just so pumped up to be part of Richard Childress Racing. … everybody knows we're kind of in a rebuilding mode. I think we've done that all year on the Xfinity side. I know the Cup side's doing the same thing.”
While RCR won two Cup races this year, the team's five Xfinity cars have not won this season. The last year RCR did not win a Xfinity race was 2011, when it only made three starts with Tim George, Jr.
“I look forward to being able to stay with the progression of where the company's going,” Hemric said. “Anytime you can be a part of that, it's a very trying time because you can get down. But I think Richard Childress is a great leader, we've got a bunch of great leaders, a lot of depth in our company that's allowed us to take these strides, staying together good or bad.”
Hemric has six top fives and 14 top 10s in 28 starts this season. He's still looking for his first NASCAR victory after 49 starts in the Camping World Truck Series proved fruitless.
When RCR made its announcement regarding Hemric, it did not announce if Stockman would remain his crew chief next year.
“Danny Stockman has done an incredible job of not only assembling a race team from scratch, which is what we did over the offseason leading into this year,” Hemric said. “A group of guys that never really worked hand-in-hand together. What we did in such a short amount of time was pretty impressive from my side, on the outside looking in and being involved in it. I'm proud of that. We'll get through the four-race suspension with those guys and kind of reevaluate everything over the offseason. That's our time to figure out what's best for my career and what's best for the company moving forward.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
Video
The US president lavishes his French counterpart with praise during an Oval Office meeting - but there are areas of disagreement, especially on Iran.
After a rollercoaster month of December, the Boston Bruins will look to find consistency in the New Year. What does the month of January look like for the Bruins and what is there to look out for?
After going 8-5-3 in December, the Boston Bruins seek better thing as they head into 2017. The B's ended 2016 on a two game winning streak, they also took five out of eight possible points in their last four games. Things are looking good for the Bruins right now, but can certainly be better.
Upcoming January Games
Game 40: Jan. 2: BOS @ NJD [W]
Game 41: Jan. 5: BOS vs. EDM [OTL]
Game 42: Jan. 7: BOS @ FLA [OTW]
Game 43: Jan. 8: BOS @ CAR [L]
Game 44: Jan. 10: BOS @ STL [OTL]
Game 45: Jan. 12: BOS @ NSH [W]
Game 46: Jan. 14: BOS vs. PHI [L]
Game 47: Jan. 16: BOS @ NYI [W]
Game 48: Jan. 18: BOS @ DET [W]
Game 49: Jan. 20: BOS vs. CHI [L]
Game 50: Jan. 22: BOS @ PIT [L]
Game 51: Jan. 24: BOS vs. DET [W]
Game 52: Jan. 26: BOS vs. PIT [W]
Game 53: Jan. 31: BOS @ TBL [W]
Record after December: 20-15-4, 44 points
Record Prediction after January (See brackets): 28-19-6, 62 points
*Predictions made before game @ NJD on 1/2/17*
What needs to continue
In order to win games more consistently, more consistency needs to be shown from the big guys in the forward core. Patrice Bergeron, David Krejci and Ryan Spooner all showed signs of improvement throughout various parts of December. Being integral parts of the current forward core, they need to keep this going. High production is more important from Bergeron and Krejci due to the fact that they make $6,875,000 and $7,250,000 respectively. Bergeron is the fourth highest player on the team, Krejci is the highest.
The same thing goes for the defense and goaltending. Around the beginning part of the season, we saw much of the same lackluster defense that we have unfortunately become so accustomed to. But, at times this year, the Boston Bruins defensive core has surprised us with some pretty good performances. It feels good to finally say that after watching them underperform so often. There isn't much to say about Tuukka Rask, he just needs to keep playing at a high level like he has so far. Rask has bailed them out of plenty of games this year, and all-around improvement from the whole team will likely take some of the burden off of the Finnish netminder. The backup goaltending situation needs some work.
What needs to change
Guys like Riley Nash and Jimmy Hayes aren't guys who are highly regarded for their goal scoring prowess, but need to step up and provide some more bottom six scoring. Dominic Moore, Austin Czarnik and Tim Schaller can't be the only ones to produce from the bottom six forward core.
The main thing that needs to change is the backup goaltending. Not via the barren backup goaltender trade market, but right in your own farm system. Zane McIntyre is the answer behind Tuukka Rask, not Anton Khudobin, this should be obvious at this point. Anton Khudobin's stats currently look like this: 1-5-1, 3.06 GAA, .885 SV%. That guy is in the NHL? I know it's not a huge sample size, but those numbers are unacceptable for someone at the NHL level. Jaroslav has had similarly bad numbers this year and he was put on waivers the other day, why don't the Bruins do the same with Khudobin? It may because having a contract like Khudobin's (1.2M AAV) buried in the AHL doesn't make sense to them.
When it all comes down to it, McIntyre has been with the Bruins organization since he was drafted in 2010. After four years at NCAA powerhouse, the University of North Dakota, and now beginning his second season with the Providence Bruins, it's Zane McIntyre time in Boston. His numbers weren't great in his short time with Boston this year, but those starts were without Tuukka Rask in front of him. McIntyre's numbers speak for themselves: 10-0-0, 1.41 GAA, .951 SV%. December's AHL goaltender of the month, case closed.
Notable games
Some tough Western Conference games are on tap for January, as the B's take on the Chicago Blackhawks, St. Louis Blues, Nashville Predators and Edmonton Oilers. Even being at TD Garden, the game against the Chicago Blackhawks should be the biggest challenge, as the Hawks look like Stanley Cup contenders yet again, to the surprise of no one.
Their Eastern Conference competition isn't staggering besides playing the defending champion Pittsburgh Penguins twice in a span of five days. Big time Eastern Conference teams such as the Montreal Canadiens, New York Ranger and Columbus Blue Jackets are avoided. There are some important divisional games though. The Detroit Red Wings twice, the Florida Panthers and the Tampa Bay Lightning. Three of those games being on the road. The Philadelphia Flyers will also be a tough test, as we have seen their game at it's best through their impressive ten game winning streaks earlier this year. Also, Claude Giroux, Jakub Voracek and Wayne Simmonds are all in the top 25 in the league in points and Simmonds is tied for sixth in goals (17). Claude Giroux and Wayne Simmonds are not only in the top 25 in points, but assists as well.
Whether the New Year will bring newfound success for the Boston Bruins has yet to be seen. Making the playoffs is the main goal and they are in a playoff spot as of now, let's hope this keeps up. It sure won't be easy to maintain success with a tough schedule ahead. Happy New Year!
*Info as of 1/2/17 at 1:00 PM ET*
More from Causeway Crowd
This article originally appeared on
MARTINSBURG, Pa. (AP) — A Pennsylvania State Police trooper who was slain on duty will be laid to rest this week.
Twenty-three-year-old Trooper Landon Weaver was shot and killed while responding to a domestic complaint Friday night in Huntingdon County, in central Pennsylvania. State police shot and killed the suspect in Weaver's death after an overnight manhunt.
Weaver graduated from the police academy last summer and was assigned to the Huntingdon barracks. He was married in June.
The John K. Bolger Funeral Home says there will be a visitation Wednesday at the Jaffa Shrine Center in Altoona. Weaver's funeral will be Thursday at the Jaffa Shrine Center. He'll be buried at Fairview Cemetery in Martinsburg.
Weaver was the 97th member of the Pennsylvania State Police to be killed in the line of duty.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Alabama's Rashaan Evans came to Tuscaloosa as a five-star recruit and the number one rated LB in the nation. Contributing in his freshman year, he would have to wait his turn behind the likes of Reuben Foster, and Reggie Ragland. Due to the incredible depth the program had, he was unable to win a starting position until his senior season.
A two-time National Champion, the Auburn native has been projected as a top 50 pick since the end of the collegiate year.
Definitive Traits
A ferocious competitor, the Crimson Tide product brings the kind of intensity and physicality to the defense that will win over coaches and fans alike. Brings the intimidation factor at the second level of the defense, looks to make his presence felt with every tackle. Excellent closing and pursuit speed.
He shows a certain comfort level when dropping back into zone coverage, not an outstanding short shuttle time, but more than acceptable at the NFL level when coupled with his strong three-cone drill. He has excellent agility able to shift gears and move in the open field to keep pace with whichever way the play goes.
Evans offers a wide spectrum of skills, during his time in college he was a strong special teams player, played different LB positions and showed flashes as an edge rusher garnering 6.0 sacks in his senior year. One of the strongest aspects of his game is his awareness, has an advanced understanding of when to step back and help his teammates make the play for the betterment of the defense.
Developmental concerns
While Evans can most certainly strike fear into opposing ball carriers with his physically, he will need to learn to better control his body at the next level. The Crimson Tide product can play overly aggressive, take bad angles and miss tackles too often, and like most players his age, could stand to fine tune his technique at the point of attack as better take-on skills would really benefit his game to elevate it to the next level. He needs to learn to plan his steps and coordinate his body movements better to help maximize his efficiency.
Only being a starter for one year, Evans will likely have some growing pains at the next level as he will be learning on the fly, seeing and learning how to handle new situations for the first time.
As Evans is on the leaner side for LBs in the NFL, he may be asked to pack on some extra muscle to help him better take on OL at the next level. Hopefully the added bulk will not cost him any of his athleticism.
Evans brings the kind of fire and brimstone mentality every coach wants to see from their lead LBs. He has a championship pedigree, and the team-first mentality. A known self-starter with the kind of mental fortitude to power through any bumps in his development, he definitely qualifies as the “right kind of guy”.
His versatility is outstanding and he would be capable of contributing at any assignment for the LB position as well special teams.
The projected first-rounder's skill set is ideally suited for outside LB.
The biggest concern with Evans is his durability as throughout his collegiate career he struggled with groin injuries that hampered his availability and development. His most recent injury cost him the opportunity to run the 40 at the NFL Combine.
Draft Grade: 7.30 (1st-2nd round)
Buried on the depth chart by future NFL LBs, Evans finally got his chance to shine and lived up to his potential his senior year, becoming one of the key pieces to a National Championship defense. Not an elite athlete but definitely capable of playing at the NFL level, Evans has the potential to become an outstanding chess-piece with some technique development and good coaching.
A better OLB prospect than a traditional MLB, Evans would fit in well with a defense similar to Alabama that runs more exotic looks and relies on coaching to put players in the best position to succeed.
The male Scarlett Tanager usually appears at the bird bath several times in summer,
Male Scarlet Tanager
but I have never seen the female, until now.
Female Scarlet Tanager
It doesn't seem possible that she could be so different from him, but I looked her up, and it's her :)
The last time Missouri fans saw Pig Brown on a football field, on Oct. 27, 2007, the former Tiger safety crumpled to the ground during the fourth quarter. The Tigers defeated Iowa State, but Brown ...
A taste of the past will be on the menu at the famed James Beard House in January when guests sit down to a classic French dinner. But it's a taste of the future that the man behind the meal hopes they take away.
Brandon Chrostowski is orchestrating the dinner with a team from his French restaurant EDWINS in Cleveland — a team made up of formerly incarcerated men and women. See it's not just the music that's different at this white tablecloth restaurant complete with cheese cart and $33 table-side burger service (the Motown soundtrack at dinner is just good for you, he says, though it's also a nod to his Detroit upbringing). The restaurant is also part of an intensive culinary training program that equips people released from prison for a new future — as long as they're willing to work for it.
Don't look back
EDWINS is about “taking a human being and meeting them where they're at,” Chrostowski tells NBC News BETTER, “where you're taking someone, not even asking about their past, knowing that they have the potential to fulfill whatever future they'd like, if they can get those fundamentals, are willing to work hard and have the mentor to facilitate it.”
Not everyone makes it, at least not on their first go-round. “The first two weeks are pretty intentional; they're pretty hard,” says Chrostowski. Half the class won't make it through the initial few weeks while another 10 to 20 percent won't complete the full six-month course.
Marley Kichinka, trainee, previously struggled with heroin addiction; at Edwins she discovered a passion for restaurant work. TFL Films LLC
While the coursework may be formidable, nothing else should be. “If there's an excuse like housing, then we build housing,” Chrostowski says. “[Need] childcare, we'll connect you with childcare. Whatever it is, you need a bus pass to get here, we'll get that to you. We make sure everyone has a bank account, driver's license, the health care they need to be connected with.”
Those who make it are going to work every position in a restaurant, Chrostowski says. “[They'll] know what they enjoyed the most, what their five year plan is ... and what the next step is. We start to connect them with that next step.”
The one percent
And that next step is anywhere but back behind bars; among the graduates since EDWINS opened in November 2014 “one percent return to prison,” Chrostowski says. “That number is unbelievable. Literally, people won't believe you.” For comparison, more than four in ten offenders nationwide return to state prison within three years of their release, according to a 2011 PEW report.
Now that unbelievable success is being showcased with one of the highest honors in the industry, Chrostowski says. For the several students (that he's identified but not told yet) and one graduate going to New York, “it's like winning the high school championship,” he says.
“You can tell family and friends about it forever. It's one of those legacy pieces to say '20 years ago I wasn't doing right and no one would give me a chance and [then] they did and I worked hard and succeeded. My courage, my risk, my hard work added up to going to the greatest place that a chef can cook.'”
They'll be able to say, “'we were the team that took Cleveland to the James Beard House,'” he goes on, “'we were the people who represented the 52,000 people behind bars in Ohio.' There is pride and there is responsibility,” with that.
Paupiettes de mer, a classic French dish on the menu at Edwins, features grouper wrapped in crispy potatoes with haricot verts and beurre rouge. TFL Films LLC
Think outside the plate
Because they're taking more than just their finest food. Looking at the menu (think Osetra caviar with Sicilian pistachios on terra cotta–cooked cipolline, and poached Dover sole with lobster mousse, black truffles, spinach, and lobster sauce), “it's pretty high brow, pretty swank,” Chrostowski says. But beyond the fare that he promises will excite the soul, “we're bringing a mission, a philosophy, a mindset that people will consume.”
And he hopes they're coming with an open mind. The biggest compliment the diners can pay, Chrostowski says, “is if people are just quiet and have to think about this for a minute, really think about this. If this could spread, if this could flourish, then what would things look like? What could things look like if we just gave someone an opportunity without question?”
Chrostowski himself got that opportunity as a youth in trouble when a Detroit judge offered him probation instead of prison if he got a job. Chrostowski landed in a high-end restaurant when a chef gave him a chance. That opportunity launched his culinary career that has spanned top restaurants in Chicago, New York, and Paris — and the seed for EDWINS was planted.
Cleveland proud
Now the hope and mission of EDWINS is spreading, inside and outside prison walls in Ohio, with culinary clubs where currently incarcerated people are empowered to teach classes, and with the 200-plus graduates outside who are teaching and learning and growing, Chrostowski says. And it's spreading beyond Ohio with a new film from Tom Lennon.
What could things look like if we just gave someone an opportunity without question? What could things look like if we just gave someone an opportunity without question?
Knife Skills, which follows the inaugural class and opening of EDWINS, just landed on the short list of contenders in the documentary short subject category for the 90th Academy Awards.
These recognitions are great, Chrostowski acknowledges. “The mission moves and people can't ignore this. It does Cleveland proud.”
“But you're still grounded by day to day,” he adds. “Back to reality, things are hard, poverty's a b-tch and we have to keep fighting.”
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
DID YOU SEE THIS?! Texas Capital Replaces Columbus Day With ‘Indigenous Peoples' Day'
The Austin, Texas City Council has just voted to no longer recognize Columbus Day, instead changing the holiday over to Indigenous Peoples Day.
Austin is following in the footsteps of Berkeley, Seattle, Denver, Albuquerque, Phoenix and Los Angeles in shedding their support for Columbus Day in order to “create a path of healing and reconciliation.” According to Austin City Council, October 12th 1492 was the day that started “the colonization of indigenous people that forever changed their identity, culture and achievements.” Well they hadn't yet achieved the wheel, and every single other ethnic group on the planet has been knocked over by an invading faction (except maybe the Mongols).
The City recognized the resolution that states that they “oppose the system racism” that they believe is constantly directed at indigenous people in the States. Other left wing buzzwords make an appearance, like “equity gap” and “values of intolerance and violence.” The long and short of it is that they they think Columbus is evil, and statues are the only thing that keeps native Americans down. Oh and everyone is racist towards indigenous people and show probably hand over money to solve that “equity gap” that makes it difficult to earn.
The largely Italian descent Catholic mens' organization Knights of Columbus, has complained to one Councilwoman who said that the resolution was “disrespectful to their heritage” and suggested that instead of getting rid of Columbus Day, they could declare that the holiday is both Columbus Day and Indigenous Peoples Day. No dice.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
At the end of September, Antifa declared “Deface Columbus Day” would take place on October 9th, tweeting out the hashtags #F**kColumbusDay and #DestryColonialism. So that's one swear word, and one misspelling of “Destroy.” Brilliant.
Attacks on Columbus have been happening for years. In 2015 Black Lives Matter threw red paint all over a Columbus statue in Boston and wrote their organization's name on it.
The Interim City Manager of Austin, Elaine Hart had to remind the Council that Columbus Day is still a federal holiday and that the Council could not get rid of it, but said that they did have the power to change the way that it is referred to on city calendars. So they wasted all that time to change a few online calendars.
The most recent South Park episode touched on the topic of tearing down statues, specifically those of Columbus himself. While the adults are busy talking about political correctness, the kids are only devastated because cancelling Columbus Day would mean they'd have to go to school. I think I like their rhyme and reason better.
Which way will interest rates go next?
Interest rates soared in recent weeks with the 10-year US government note, for example, settling comfortably over 3 percent. Then, suddenly this week, it wasn't over 3 percent anymore as buyers rushed into the bond market and the heightened demand caused rates to decline noticeably.
On Wednesday, the rate on the 10-year was around 2.85 percent.
On Friday, the monthly employment report will be released by the Labor Department and we'll see whether that news will push interest rates over the important 3 percent level again.
But truth be told, the job report isn't the only thing going on right now — and it's probably not even the most important.
With chaos in the Italian government hurting global financial markets, foreign investors will probably decide to put more money into US securities in the days and weeks ahead.
When demand for US securities goes up, interest rates go down — unless something bigger, like an all-out trade war with China kicks up or signs emerge that the world economy is blasting off and that inflation is getting out of control.
Political confrontations in Washington that cause foreigners to question the stability of the Trump administration would be another overriding concern.
Given all that going on, it's even possible — although not likely — that the Federal Reserve, which meets again in the middle of June, will decide not to raise the interest rates it controls.
A rate hike of one-quarter percent is widely expected.
Wall Street is also expecting that Labor will announce that 185,000 jobs were created in May. That would be an improvement from the disappointing 165,000 new jobs that were created in April.
The unemployment rate, which is a worthless economic indicator, is expected to remain at 3.9 percent.
The experts are also expecting hourly wages to have increased by 0.2 percent in May from April levels. The increase in wages was 0.1 percent from March to April.
While the average American would be thrilled by strength in employment and wages, the financial markets won't be overjoyed if either the number of new jobs or wages comes in much stronger than expected.
That would be taken as a sign of impending higher inflation and a more aggressive Fed.
So then, what will be the dominant force in the market over the next week or so? The chaos in Europe? A full dose of Washington chaos — still to come with reports on investigations of the last election? Or the economic data?
The answer: probably all of the above and some things I haven't even thought of.
From a fractured ankle to a thumb sliced on a bottle of bubbly, from broken arm bones to torn knee ligaments, all manner of injuries has interrupted Lindsey Vonn's highly successful skiing career.
There was even the time the American was helicoptered off a mountain after a body-battering crash during downhill training at the 2006 Turin Olympics. About 48 hours later, she was on her skis, competing.
That's what Vonn does: She gets hurt, gets up and gets back out there.
"She's relentless toward her goals. It's not easy to continue to fight like she's done," said Vonn's longtime sports physical therapist, Lindsay Winninger. "With each injury she's had, she's learned something about herself and her body. I believe she's a better athlete for it."
The 33-year-old Vonn says that her main focus until the Pyeongchang Olympics open Feb. 9 is to stay healthy.
A look at some of the times she was unable to do that:
BROKEN RIGHT ARM, November 2016
Hurt during a training run in her home state of Colorado. Needed surgery. The injury led to nerve damage; she couldn't move her fingers initially and taped a ski pole to her right glove when she returned to racing. Vonn said later she worried about whether she would be able to use her hand in a normal way ever again and has called it the "hardest recovery of my career."
FRACTURES IN LEFT KNEE, February 2016
Crashed during a World Cup super-G in Andorra. Taken off the mountain in a sled . Competed again the next day, but then went nearly a year without participating in a World Cup race afterward.
BROKEN LEFT ANKLE, August 2015
Injured during preseason training camp in New Zealand. Wasn't ready to return at the start of the World Cup season in October, but did compete in late November.
TORN LIGAMENTS IN RIGHT KNEE, BROKEN BONE IN RIGHT LEG, February 2013
Vonn needed reconstructive surgery after tumbling when she landed in a patch of soft snow during the super-G at the 2013 world championships in Schladming, Austria. She tried to come back but got hurt again in a crash while training in Colorado in November and during a World Cup downhill at Val d'Isere, France, in December, tearing her repaired ACL and requiring another operation on her right knee. Announced in January 2014 she would have to miss the Sochi Olympics.
CONCUSSION, February 2011
Injured her head in a fall during World Cup practice in Austria. About a week later, she initially decided to compete — "skiing in a fog," Vonn called it — at the world championships in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, before eventually withdrawing.
BRUISED RIGHT SHIN, February 2010
Slammed her right leg in slalom practice 10 days before the Vancouver Olympics started. Initially, could barely walk. Needed painkillers and a Novocaine-like numbing cream; also smeared a semisoft Austrian cheese, topfen, on her leg as a home remedy. Raced in the Winter Games, earning two medals: the first Olympic downhill gold for an American woman, and a bronze in the super-G. But she spun out of control during the giant slalom, breaking her right pinkie.
BRUISED LEFT FOREARM, December 2009
Crashed on the first run of a World Cup giant slalom in Lienz, Austria, losing her balance after a sharp turn and falling backward. She wound up not missing a race.
CUT RIGHT THUMB, February 2009
Safe to say Vonn's oddest injury came off the slopes during the world championships in Val d'Isere, when she needed surgery after hurting herself with a champagne bottle during a photo op gone awry after winning gold in the downhill. "I'm not going to be opening champagne bottles any time soon — probably not for the rest of my life," Vonn said about a month later. "That's a mistake you definitely learn from."
HYPER-EXTENDED RIGHT KNEE, BONE BRUISE, February 2007
Partially tore her right ACL in training. Sat out her last two races at the world championships in Are, Sweden, after winning two silvers earlier. Missed the rest of that World Cup season.
ASSORTED BRUISES AND ACHES, February 2006
Scary fall during downhill training at the Turin Olympics caused a bruised thigh, aching back and sore pelvis. She left the hospital — even trying to grab her belongings and sneak out when the checkout process was taking longer than she wanted — and competed less than 48 hours later. She wound up racing in all four events she'd planned, with a top result of seventh in the super-G. "It's definitely weird," she said back then, "going from the hospital bed to the start gate."
___
AP Sports Writer Pat Graham contributed to this report.
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org/
If you're suffering from inflammation in your 40s or 50s, you may have a greater risk of suffering from dementia or Alzheimer's later.
A new study published today in Neurology, the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology, found a link between inflammation in midlife and brain shrinkage later on.
Researchers, led by Keenan Walker of Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, tested the levels of five markers of inflammation in the blood — such as white blood-cell count — in 1,633 middle-aged people. They followed up with their participants about 24 years later, subjecting them to memory tests and brain scans.
Thomas Wisniewski, director of the Center for Cognitive Neurology at NYU Langone Health, tells The Post that these findings are consistent with prior studies that suggest that inflammation plays a role in the onset of Alzheimer's disease symptoms.
But he doesn't think patients should start panicking. He points out that doctors should be able to catch warning signs during their patients' annual physicals.
Taking care of your cardiovascular health, he adds, is probably the best way to maintain a healthy level of inflammation and to stave off the effects of dementia.
“Basically, what's good for the heart is good for the brain,” he says. “And be sure that you maintain physical fitness — that you keep on exercising.
“All of these things will reduce the levels of inflammation generally and are very likely to be reducing your risk of subsequent dementia — as well as your risk of having a heart attack.”
Image copyright Isle of Man Fire & Rescue Image caption Both fires happened in Glen Maye on Tuesday evening
Fire crews on the Isle of Man tackled two "suspicious" blazes within two hours of each other on Tuesday.
Both incidents saw hedgerows on fire on the Arrasey Road, Glen Maye near the west coast of the island.
The Isle of Man Fire Service said the first gorse land fire happened at 16:15 BST, while the second, 300m away, was reported two hours later.
A spokesman added that the "suspicious" incidents, involving a LPG gas tank, are now being investigated by police.
Image copyright Isle of Man Fire Service Image caption Both incidents are being treated as "suspicious" said the fire service
The fires follow a warning about lighting fires in the countryside, issued in May by the environment department.
Members of the public were asked to "use extreme caution" during the spell of hot weather and to call the police if the see any suspicious activity.
"Fires can quickly take hold and spread out of control in current conditions, causing widespread damage to property and land," added the fire service.
Despite economic and geopolitical upheaval from Brexit to the Syrian civil war to provocations by North Korea, investing experts say it would be a mistake to bail out of international and emerging markets. In fact, some say these assets are actually a better value right now than the high-flying American stock market.
"Right now, the international and emerging markets valuation — the price of the stocks — is much lower than the stock prices in America. So it's a buying opportunity," said Stephen Ng, owner of an eponymous financial advisory firm and author of 10 Financial Mistakes You Should Avoid: Strategies Designed to Help Keep Your Money Safe and Growing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Marine Le Pen's more 'subtle, dangerous' message 5:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Although emerging markets are more volatile in terms of day to day swings, Europe and emerging markets are significantly underperforming the U.S. markets," said David Frisch, owner of Frisch Financial Group, Inc. "Just because of how much they've underperformed, I would not necessarily run away from these," he said.
"Specifically to emerging markets, the geopolitical risks are always there," said Steven Elwell, partner and vice president at Level Financial Advisors. "Those risks are always there and those risks are, in an efficient stock market, priced into the risk you're taking and the returns you should receive."
Diversification Still the Best Rule
Pros say they're not fazed by the prospect of volatility, and neither should average investors.
"Our feeling is you're going to have something at all times in your portfolio that's just not doing well," said Scott Cole, founder and principal of Cole Financial Planning and Wealth Management.
"When we get nervous is when everything's going up," he said — because that means it's only a matter of time before something turns negative, and it can be harder to pinpoint that and respond on the fly than to manage expected underperformance.
"What we always try to educate retail investors on is the power of diversification," Sameer Samana, global quantitative strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. "It's really hard to predict which region of the world will outperform or underperform."
Since even overexposure to U.S. equities can be risky, international stocks in a portfolio can provide a counterbalancing force to a domestic dip.
"Approximately half of the world's stocks available to invest in are outside the United States," Elwell said. "To categorically say, 'I'm not going to invest there' — you're taking an enormous piece of the overall universe off the table."
Don't Gamble with Your Retirement
Above all, don't try to time the market. "The average investor is notorious for getting the timing wrong," Elwell told NBC News.
Especially if your retirement nest egg is riding on the line, it's just not worth the risk.
"You might think you have geopolitics figured out — you think the market's going to zig, and then it zags on you," Samana said, pointing to recent events like Britain's voting to leave the European Union and the U.S. presidential election. In both cases, the market priced in an expectation that was the opposite of what actually happened.
"What usually happens with any major negative event is the market falls very quickly very hard and it tends to recover," Frisch said. "There's frequently significant reactions, and usually overreactions, followed by a recovery over some period of time."
This means bailing out when a sector is at a trough is a mistake, since it deprives your portfolio of the opportunity to make back those losses — and perhaps then some — when the pendulum swings the other way.
"Logically, we know one thing cannot outperform everything else," Elwell said. "You might as well stick around for the somewhat eventuality of their outperforming."
The city could be using hotel rooms to house the homeless for another nine years under a new proposal, despite Mayor de Blasio's stated goal of changing that policy “as quickly as possible.”
The Department of Homeless Services, facing a record homeless population of nearly 60,000 across the city, posted a request last month for vendors that could supply “emergency shelter social services in commercial hotels.”
The mayor announced in February that the city intended to phase out the hotels after a homeless woman and her two children were stabbed to death at a Staten Island motel where they had been placed by the city.
“The goal is to use hotels less and less and eventually stop using hotels altogether,” de Blasio said at the time.
But the department's solicitation for bids notes that the resulting contract would be “anticipated” to last between three and nine years.
From Nov. 1, 2015, to Oct. 31, 2016, the department made 425,000 hotel-room bookings at a cost of more than $72.9 million, according to city Comptroller Scott Stringer.
With the homeless population growing, the city actually expanded the use of the hotels.
City officials said the department's contract would last three years with two renewals, which is the standard in social services.
“We are committed to phasing out the use of hotels. Right now, they're necessary alternatives to shelter space we don't have,” said de Blasio spokeswoman Aja Worthy-Davis.
“These contracts are standard in length, can be canceled, and will allow us to save money and avoid price spikes.”
But critics said the extended time frame is evidence that “homeless” hotels will be around for years.
Anthony Nunziato, a Republican district leader from Maspeth, Queens, who is running for state Assembly, claimed de Blasio was “talking out both sides of his mouth.”
“He's really just trying to kick the can down the road,” Nunziato said. “He really has no answers.”
State Sen. Tony Avella, a Queens Democrat running against de Blasio, questioned the time frame.
“This is an acknowledgment from him that he can't solve the problem,” he said.
“So he's going to extend this into the future well beyond when he's mayor so no one can blame [him].”
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
President Akufo-Addo
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has told the overlord of Gonja Traditional Council, Yagbonwura Tutumba Boresa I that he will get a region if he so desires. “If you want a region, you will have it. Your deeds will show that you want it”.
He said this whilst addressing a gathering at the Yagbon Palace as part of his tour of the Northern Region.
The president expressed delight that Yagbonwura was abreast with the constitutional requirements for the creation of a region, and lauded his commitment and support for the process.
He revealed that the council of state has agreed for a new region to be created out of the Northern Region and for a Commission of Enquiry to be set-up to initiate the process. The commission according to the president will be fully set-up by close of next week.
“I have taken the first step by submitting the councils' petition to the council of state. They have agreed that we establish a Commission of Enquiry. When they come, Yagbonwura, agree that we need to divide the region. I will then invite the EC to organise a referendum. 50% must vote and 80% must say yes.”
He maintained that he was ready to work with Yagbonwura for the development of Gonjaland.
The president also said his government was currently negotiating a $40 million facility for water supply to all communities in West Gonja District. And that the Ghana Water Company (GWC) was currently rehabilitating 7 boreholes in the district.
He disclosed that Damongo Agricultural College will soon be a specialist school (University) as part of his governments' effort to ensure the school was well positioned to support Agricultural activities in the district.
He thanked Yagbonwura for paying a courtesy call on him at the Flagstaff house. A gesture the president said was rare considering the nature of work the chiefs do and their limited time.
LONDON — A British teenager has admitted trying to hack into the computers of the director of the CIA and other U.S. government officials.
Kane Gamble pleaded guilty Friday to eight charges of attempting to “secure unauthorized access” to computers and two charges of unauthorized modification of computer material.
Prosecutors say that in 2015-16, Gamble, now 18, targeted the computers of officials including then-FBI director Mark Giuliano, then-Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson and John Brennan, then head of the CIA.
Reports at the time said a British teenager, part of a group of hackers called “Crackas With Attitude,” had infiltrated Brennan's personal email account and posted details online.
Two American men have been jailed over the network's hacking.
Gamble will be sentenced Dec. 15 at Leicester Crown Court in central England.
PARIS — French police say a young girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
One official gave the girl's age as 8, while another said she was 12 and up to eight people were injured.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
On Sunday, 29 people hiding gold in their rectums were discovered by Indian customs authorities at a southern airport in India.
More than 22 pounds of the metal were found on at least 37 passengers aboard the two flights flying into Madurai international airport in Tamil Nadu from Sri Lanka, authorities reported.
Though not all were hiding the gold on their person – some stashed the nuggets in their hand luggage or children's strollers – the “ingenious way of concealment,” as India's Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) calls it, was how most passengers tried to sneak the precious metal into the country.
The rectum gold was discovered upon “thorough examination,” the DRI said. Once the nuggets were found, they were confiscated by authorities. In total, the DRI confiscated over $46,000 in gold.
The haul was large, but no individual smuggler was caught carrying enough gold to meet the criminal threshold and were allowed to go free.
Gold is the country's second-largest import after crude oil. However, gold can fetch high customs fees, which makes smuggling seem desirable to some.
A spokesman for the DRI said Sunday's haul was far from the largest – a 2015 operation netted almost 141 pounds of gold smuggled by three entire planeloads of passengers, The Guardian reports.
“The uniqueness of this case is that huge numbers of people concealed the gold in their rectums,” the spokesman told The Guardian. “Rectum concealment by this many guys is a first.”
In 2017 alone, the DRI has recovered over 660 pounds of smuggled gold and made dozens of arrests.
Image copyright Getty Images
The Chinese owner of Hamleys is in talks to take a stake in House of Fraser, according to a report.
Hamleys owner C.banner International has signed a memorandum of understanding with Nanjing Xinjiekou, the Press Association reported.
Nanjing Xinjiekou holds an 89% stake in House of Fraser and is part of Sanpower, the Chinese firm that paid £480m for the department store in 2014.
An announcement is expected later on Tuesday.
Last week, House of Fraser said it had called in KPMG to advise on a restructuring plan, which could involve store closures and job losses.
In January, the department store chain asked landlords to cut rents following poor Christmas trading.
House of Fraser has 59 stores, 6,000 staff and 11,500 concession staff.
C.banner, best known as a footwear retailer, bought Hamleys in October 2015 and first signalled its interest in House of Fraser two years ago.
It opened the first Hamleys outlet in China a year later in Nanjing, which were followed by outlets in Xuzhou and Beijing.
Representatives of Hamleys and House of Fraser have been contacted for comment.
Now we know what it takes for Gov. Cuomo to sacrifice from his campaign war chest: a parade of other top local pols letting go of gifts from a donor suddenly in the news for decades of alleged sexual harassment.
Tri-state Dems spent Friday running hard and fast from now-toxic Hollywood kingpin Harvey Weinstein in the wake of an avalanche of exposés.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, who has branded herself a fighter on women's issues, was the first to bolt, returning $11 grand in donations. Sens. Chuck Schumer, Cory Booker (NJ) and Richard Blumenthal (Conn.) rapidly followed in re-gifting their Weinstein largesse to women's charities.
But it wasn 'til early Friday evening that Cuomo joined in, coughing up $50,000 the mogul had given in the current election cycle. (That leaves $100,000 in Weinstein giving to earlier Cuomo campaigns dating back to his run for state attorney general.)
Oh, and the Democratic National Committee is simply passing most of its nearly $300,000 in Weinstein cash on to other party organizations.
Still to speak up are Harvey's two favorite candidates: Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, who got millions from him personally or via campaign bundling. (Weinstein even hired Malia Obama as an intern.)
see also Politicians giving Harvey Weinstein donations to charity The decision comes after the Hollywood heavyweight was accused of...
Clinton, of course, is still on her book tour, reminding listeners that she wanted to tell Donald Trump what many women in Hollywood actually did tell Harvey Weinstein: “Back off, you creep!”
Yet the entire Democratic Party still has a big Harvey Weinstein problem: By many accounts, his behavior was an open secret long before it was exposed by The New York Times. How did no one tell any of the pols who so eagerly grabbed for his cash?
Or did they know, but not care? There's plenty of precedent for that, starting with Bill Clinton.
So it's no coincidence that Weinstein prepared for the Times exposé with the help of Obama communications director Anita Dunn and Clinton ex-counsel Lanny Davis.
As for Cuomo: He still hasn't returned a dime of the $1.2 million he raked in from Glenwood Management, the firm deeply involved in corrupt payoffs that resulted in the criminal convictions of ex-legislative bosses Sheldon Silver and Dean Skelos.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - The future of the Aztecs mascot is once again in jeopardy on Montezuma Mesa.
San Diego State's Interim President's office received a list of nominations this week for a task force that will debate the school's mascot. An SDSU spokeswoman said that task force should be named next week.
The task force will be compromised of students, faculty, alumni, and the community-at-large. It will be charged with debating the merits of the Aztecs mascot and whether it should be retained.
“It would be a travesty if they took that away from me, and/or from San Diego, or San Diego State Aztecs,” said Carlos Gutierrez who played the role of the Aztec Warrior and Monty Montezuma for 13 years.
Those opposed to the Aztecs mascot say it's disrespectful and insensitive.
“They don't really experience that kind of discrimination on a daily basis. They don't experience what it's like to be a person of color,” said Senior Political Science major Eddie Padilla.
San Diego State's interim president is expected to render her decision by May, before the full-time president takes office.
The Boston Red Sox revealed some very worrisome news Thursday morning: Left-hander David Price had an MRI exam on his forearm after experiencing discomfort earlier this week and likely will seek a second opinion.
Price is expected to visit the renowned Dr. James Andrews and Dr. Neal ElAttrache, who are at the NFL combine in Indianapolis.
“He's gone through some soreness in the forearm/elbow area in previous spring trainings. But this one's got a little bit more intensity to it,” manager John Farrell said Thursday, according to the Boston Globe.
Price, 31, signed a seven-year, $217 million deal as a free agent before the 2016 season. In 35 starts, Price was 17-9 with a 3.99 ERA, 1.20 WHIP and 228 strikeouts in 230 innings. His postseason struggles continued against the Indians in the ALDS when he allowed five earned runs in 3 1/3 innings in a Game 2 loss.
After acquiring left-hander Chris Sale from the White Sox this offseason, the Red Sox seemingly had the best “big three” in the majors with Price, Sale and reigning AL Cy Young Award winner Rick Porcello. But there is plenty of uncertainty ahead of Price's MRI results.
Wells Fargo's chairman and its chief executive bought more than...
Mayor de Blasio was eager to ride to the rescue during last year's lead crisis in Flint, Mich., but when it comes to tainted water in New York City public schools, he didn't have much to say Monday.
see also High lead levels found in some faucets at city schools Roughly one out of every 20 water taps in city...
Hizzoner repeatedly refused to answer questions from The Post about Monday's front-page story revealing that elevated lead levels were recently found in water from about one in every 20 elementary-school taps.
De Blasio and other officials rode the NYC Ferry boat Lunch Box to a Brooklyn news conference, where Deputy Mayor Alicia Glen broke a fake bottle of bubbly to christen the vessel, which doesn't start operating until May 1.
The mayor gave a nearly ­nine-minute speech, then stepped away from the podium and ignored a question from The Post, with an aide approaching and insisting, “No, we're not taking any questions. Thank you.”
De Blasio also refused to respond to a second question as he passed within earshot.
His silence was a marked contrast to his February 2016 reaction to the scandal over lead-tainted drinking water in Flint.
At that time, he and First Lady Chirlane McCray launched a “NYC Loves Flint” fund-raising effort through the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City.
“While we need to hold people accountable for the terrible decisions that led to this disaster, that cannot be the only focus of our outrage,” McCray said in a statement posted on the city's official Web site.
“The people of Flint are counting on us to turn our anger into ACTION.”
McCray added: “Thanks to all of you, the people of Flint will receive some much-needed support. They will also know that New York City has their back.”
The “NYC Loves Flint” effort directed donations to the United Way of ​​Geness​e​e County (Mich.) and the Community Foundation of Greater Flint.
U​nited Way CEO James Gaskin said there were “several small checks” with “NYC Loves Flint” among the $4 million-plus in donations his organization received, but said he couldn't determine how many of around 18,000 online contributions came from the Big Apple.
The Community Foundation of Greater Flint didn't respond to an inquiry about how much money de Blasio and McCray helped raise.​
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — Kansas legislators who favor balancing the state budget with a big income tax increase are preparing to test fellow lawmakers' appetite for such a fix.
The state House was planning to debate a bill Wednesday that would boost personal income taxes to raise more than $1 billion over two years, starting in July. The measure would abandon core policies championed by Republican Gov. Sam Brownback.
The measure has bipartisan support but Republicans in the GOP-controlled House are split.
Kansas faces budget shortfalls totaling nearly $1.1 billion through June 2019. The state has experienced persistent financial problems since Republican lawmakers slashed personal income taxes in 2012 and 2013 at Brownback's urging.
The bill would end an exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners and boost income tax rates.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The Southern California utilities that oversaw a nuclear plant that was shut down has reached a $775 million settlement with attorneys representing consumers who felt they were footing too much of the bill for the closure.
Why Rihanna's 'Bates Motel' turn can't top the original Warning: Spoilers ahead from Episode 505 of “Bates Motel” Janet Leigh received an Oscar nomination for her performance as the doomed bank robber Marion Crane in Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece “Psycho.”...
Rihanna isn't the only celeb fangirl dying to get on favorite show Celebrities — they're just like us! They, too, obsessively follow their favorite TV shows — the only difference is thaty being an A-lister can sometimes nab a celeb screen time...
Photo finish: 'Bates Motel' vs. 'Psycho' When A&E's “Bates Motel” returns for its third season at 9 p.m. Monday, the “Psycho” prequel will revel in giving fans visual nods to its cinematic inspiration. The show's scenery...
Unkillable 'Unforgettable' heads to A&E She's so unforgettable they're bringing her back. A&E is reviving “Unforgettable,” the series starring Poppy Montgomery which originally aired on CBS for three seasons (2011-2014). Montgomery is expected to reprise...
‘Motel' goes gothic, a ‘Girl' Cruise and lotsa laughs Bates Motel Monday at 10 p.m. on A&E Norman (Freddie Highmore) is haunted by a tragic event in his past and Norma (Vera Farmiga) tries to save him from making...
'Orphan Black,' 'Americans' lead an exciting week of dramas Prefers watching your TV on the edge of your seat? Then here are shows you can't miss this week: “Orphan Black” (Saturday, 9 p.m., BBC America): Every week, half of...
Vartan joins 'Bates Motel' as Norma's new boyfriend There's a new guest checking into “Bates Motel.” On Monday's episode, “Alias” alum Michael Vartan joins the cast of A&E's “Psycho” prequel as the divorced, charming George — who becomes...
Oscar nominees that are killing it on the small screen It's an honor just to be nominated for an Academy Award, sure, but here's where that Oscar nomination will get you on TV: “Archer Vice” (Monday, 10 p.m., FX): Oscar-nominated...
A design team has been appointed to the halting site at Tankardsgarden, Newbridge and plans are about to go to tender.
Mayor of Kildare-Newbridge Municipal District Sean Power tabled a motion at the meeting on January 17, asking that the council outline its plans to develop the halting site.
Kildare County Council say the site will be developed in two stages, along with the decommissioning of the existing halting site.
They also say a design team has been appointed from the OGP national funding for Architect Lead Design Team Consultants and that the design team are currently preparing tender documentation.
The KCC official went on to say; “It is proposed that four serviced bays and a caretaker unit along with any riverbank consolidation works will be developed in the first phase.”
Tadhg McDonnell of KCC said the site backs on to the River Liffey, and building further back could comprimise the bank. Cllr Power asked what the caretaker unit was for. Mr McDonnell answered that it is an employee facility.
JUNEAU, Alaska — The Latest on the resignation of an Alaska state legislator (all times local):
11:35 a.m.
An Alaska lawmaker accused of hitting a woman during a night of drinking says he's resigning to dedicate more time to “personal matters.”
Democratic state Rep. Zach Fansler offered his resignation Friday. It takes effect Feb. 12.
In the letter, Fansler says his constituents in western Alaska need a representative who can devote his or her full time to issues affecting the district. He says he's unable to do that right now.
Fansler faced pressure to resign from House leaders for nearly a week after the Juneau Empire reported that a woman had accused Fansler of hitting her shortly before the legislative session began.
Fansler's attorney, Wally Tetlow, says Fansler is “completely innocent” of the allegations against him. He said the initial reporting was misleading.
——
10:50 a.m.
An Alaska lawmaker accused of hitting a woman during a night of drinking last month is resigning.
Rep. Zach Fansler's resignation was announced on the House floor Friday.
Fansler, a Bethel Democrat, was under pressure to resign from House leaders for nearly a week, since the Juneau Empire reported that a woman had accused Fansler of hitting her shortly before the legislative session began.
House leaders had already reassigned Fansler's staff and asked that he turn in his office keys.
House Speaker Bryce Edgmon told reporters he had spoken with Fansler “at least a couple of times” this week and made clear the caucus continued to seek his resignation.
Edgmon says Fansler did good work as a legislator and it's been a difficult issue for Fansler, the caucus and Fansler's district.
He said: “Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary,” York said. “The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team.”
We say: Whatever. Kelly may not have been the answer, but at some point the 49ers need to put someone in charge for more than just one season at a time.
Thearon W. Henderson
Spain's National Court says Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy will be called as a witness in the trial of some 40 people involved in an alleged kickbacks-for-contracts scheme that helped finance his ruling Popular Party.
The court said Tuesday that Rajoy would testify in his role as party secretary-general between 2003 and 2004, when the alleged illegal financing scheme was still operating.
It is not clear if Rajoy must testify in person or in written form. A date for his testimony has yet to be set.
On trial are former party treasurers and mid-ranking officials as well as business representatives.
Accused longtime party treasurer Luis Barcenas says there was always a scheme of illegal contributions to the party and that top officials were aware.
Rajoy and the party deny his claims.
(Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP). Roger Federer, of Switzerland, wipes his brow during his final match against Alexander Zverev, of Germany, at the Rogers Cup tennis tournament in Montreal, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017.
MASON, Ohio (AP) - Wimbledon champion Roger Federer has withdrawn from the Western & Southern Open, which he has won seven times.
Tournament officials announced Federer's withdrawal on Monday, the first full day of matches at the event in Cincinnati.
The 19-time major champion says he "tweaked" his back last week at the Rogers Cup, where he lost Sunday to Alexander Zverev in the final.
The Swiss star, No. 3 in the ATP Tour rankings, becomes the fifth of the top six players to skip Cincinnati because of injuries. He joins top-ranked Andy Murray, No. 4 Stan Wawrinka, fifth-ranked Novak Djokovic and sixth-ranked Marin Cilic, the defending champion.
Federer's withdrawal means Rafael Nadal will return to No. 1 when new ATP rankings are released on Aug. 21. The Spaniard will be No. 1 for the first time since July 6, 2014.
Nadal has spent 141 weeks as the men's No. 1 player.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Cellphone video shows Nikolas Cruz planning Douglas school shooting Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Broward State Attorney's Office ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Broward State Attorney's Office
Students and Alumni at Rogers High School weren't just tailgating for their homecoming game against the Bowsher Rebels.
They were also tailgating to donate bottled water to hurricane victims in Puerto Rico.
It's an event they called Rams and Rebels - Tailgate and Donate.
The school started their collection Friday and already have close to two pallets, but they aren't stopping there.
They will also be collecting baby wipes, diapers, cleaning supplies and non-perishable items along with gently used clothing, which is at the Frederick Douglass Community Center.
Rogers alumni organized the event because they wanted to help.
“This is a community that cares not only about people here in America with all the luxuries that we have,” said Albert Earl. “We care about what's going on in Puerto Rico as well and we wanted to come together and see how we can impact them because they are going to need a lot of help.”
They will accept donations at Rogers home football games or at Rogers High School until October 26th.
Impact with Hope will then transport the donations to Puerto Rico.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Willie is a labador and pit bull terrier mix. Critical Care for Animal Angels Special to The Telegraph
STAR JOURNAL REPORT
The Rhinelander High School track and field teams competed in their first outdoor meet of the season Thursday at the Medford Early Bird.
The Hodag girls, who placed seventh out of the nine teams, got a pair of top-three individual finishes from junior sprinter Ellen Padgett, who placed second in the 200-meter dash (28.95 seconds) and third in the 100 dash (14.12).
Other individuals placing in the top five for RHS included senior Gracie Quinn finishing fourth in the 1600 run (6:31.28) and junior Danielle Doughty coming in fifth in the 100 hurdles (20.61).
The best showing by the RHS girls in the field events came from junior Lexie Rick placing sixth in the shot put (30 feet, 3 inches).
In the four relay events, the Hodags finished sixth in the 4×100 (59.73), 4×200 (2:04.6) and 4×800 (11:45.95) and seventh in the 4×400 (5:04).
Medford topped the team standings with 174.5 points, followed by Lakeland Union High School (122), Mosinee (106), Antigo (88), Rib Lake (83.5), Ashland (52), RHS (39), Loyal (24) and Crandon (5).
HODAG BOYS 9TH
In the boys competition, the Hodags finished at the bottom of the nine-team standings. Lakeland had the top score of 182, followed by Medford (171), Loyal (83), Mosinee (72.5) Antigo (63.5), Rib Lake (27), Crandon (17) and RHS (12).
The best individual finish by the Hodag boys came from sophomore Brock Lieder, who placed fifth in the high jump (5-4), with sophomore teammate placing seventh at 5-0.
RHS's only other top-five finish came from Josh Francisco, Nickolas Kriesel, Chase Hunt and Drake Martin in the 4×100 relay (48.42).
The Hodags' next scheduled meet is the Dale Peterson Invitational in Antigo this coming Thursday.
You're always flying somewhere. Where are you right now?
[Laughs.] You are right, I'm about to get on a plane to Milan.
What's the origin of your brand name, Off-White?
I've always been one to make a decision based on thinking with two frames of mind; I can often contradict myself. Instead of working against that, I embrace it. Off-White is basically between black and white; which is like not gray, but is my hue of what's in between.
You were a longtime creative director for Kanye West — was that a launching point for you?
I still work with him. It's sort of a misconception that I don't. He is our generation's Yves Saint Laurent, combined with Warhol and Basquiat. Since 2003, we've been close creatively and as friends. That to me is invaluable experience. I figure we'll both live until we are 100, so there is a lot more work to do.
You opened your first store in NYC this summer — Em_pty Gallery.
It's a gallery and retail space at the same time. I thought it was more relevant to have a store not be “Off-White” and come up with another concept where it's an experience. I have the ability to showcase new artists and their new work. That curation of the space dictates how the fashion comes back in afterward.
The concept really taps into your knack for iconic collaborations. You've done so many: Levi's, Warby Parker, Champion, Nike …
One of the biggest misconceptions in making fashion or art is that when you see a name or brand name, people assume that is the only person doing that. Life is a collaboration.
Who's next on your collaboration wish list?
I'm an architect as well. I'm more interested in hotels. Or with a city, to do parks. Outside the realm of clothing for sure.
Who are your muses?
Definitely Phoebe Philo. Martha Stewart, she painted a lifestyle. You wouldn't guess that Sarah Jessica Parker is a No. 1 muse. For me, “Sex and the City” was bigger than a show. And obviously Princess Diana. I chose her [as muse] for my spring collection because I'm the same age [36] she was when she passed away. Before there were street-style images, before there were tons of photographers outside of fashion shows, she was just dressing up for her lifestyle. That's the mark of great style.
Off-White arose on the scene just as the fashion industry was beginning to embrace streetwear. Do you think you helped legitimize the fusing of runway and street?
Fashion runways are this idealistic view of hopefully what people will wear. Streetwear is based on what people are actually wearing. So my version of streetwear, hopefully, has a relatable sort of factor to it, but it also has an opinionated, stylized view.
Do you have a go-to uniform?
I totally wear the same thing every day, but I consume a lot. I wear dirty sneakers, usually Vans or Nikes. Vintage Levi's jeans — the current pair is one that I recut. They are an Off-White prototype. And then a black tee from Supreme or Uniqlo.
Do you ever dream of designing for a major house?
One hundred percent. I'm interested in houses that are historic and have a solid foundation but can adapt to culture evolving as fast as it has. Balenciaga and Gucci are prime examples of how amazing it is when you take a historic house and put an older millennial at the helm.
Image copyright Colin Keldie Image caption Noup Head, Westray, features in the grants
Almost £6m of funding for landscape projects across Scotland has been awarded by the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The biggest grant - more than £2.8m - goes to the North Isles Landscape Partnership, which covers 12 inhabited and 11 uninhabited islands in Orkney.
Callander's Pass on the edge of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park and the River Garnock in Ayrshire will also benefit.
They will get £1.43m and £1.35m respectively.
Image copyright Keith Wilson Image caption A Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park venture is supported
The funding for the North Isles Landscape Partnership is to help safeguard its human heritage, natural history and landscape.
There will be training from Orkney College to encourage young people to stay in the isles, as well as a new trail to encourage tourists to visit them.
Callander's Pass will be promoted as the outdoor capital of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park.
And a series of initiatives along the length of the River Garnock will be funded, including tackling pollution, and restoring wetlands and wild flower habitats.
Image copyright Alan Kempster Image caption River Garnock initiatives are being backed
Lucy Casot, Head of the Heritage Lottery Fund in Scotland, said: "Our species and habitats are under constant threat, yet they make a massive contribution to our economy.
"The enormous pressures upon them mean that we have to approach landscape restoration and conservation on a bigger scale than ever before."
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. (AP) Emmanuel Sanders called Denver ”wide receiver heaven” back when he joined the Broncos in 2014. He's counting on Mike McCoy bringing back nirvana to the Rocky Mountains in 2017.
Running routes called by Adam Gase and catching passes from Peyton Manning, Sanders posted career highs with 101 receptions for 1,404 yards and nine touchdowns in his first season with the Broncos.
Then, Gase left town and Manning got old.
Sanders' numbers dipped to 76 catches for 1,125 yards and six TDs in 2015, but the Broncos won the Super Bowl that year, so Sanders had no complaints.
That changed last season when both he and Demaryius Thomas got off to slow starts under coach Gary Kubiak and offensive coordinator Rick Dennison. With a combined $92 million in contracts and the high expectations that accompanied their big paychecks, Sanders and Thomas griped about their dearth of catches in September, insisting their frustrations stemmed not from selfishness but out of a sense of duty.
Sanders finished with 1,032 yards and five touchdowns on 79 receptions, but the Broncos missed the playoffs a year after winning it all.
When new coach Vance Joseph brought back McCoy, Gase's old protege, as the Broncos' new offensive coordinator, Sanders rejoiced.
”I believe that it's going to be a pass-happy offense,” Sanders said Monday. ”I had the opportunity to play in this offense in 2014, had 1,400 yards. So, hopefully we can simulate that some type of way and put up points and score and help our defense. So, that's the goal.”
Sanders said he expects to be used in the slot more this season, just like he was in 2014 when the bulk of his receptions came across the middle of the field.
Sanders, who bought a JUGS machine a few winters ago, said he installed a home gym this offseason to get a jump-start on his offseason training: ”Honestly, this is probably the best I've felt in a long time because of just having that gym and that Jugs machine out there and being able to train at home whenever I want,” he said.
Joseph said last week he wanted this QB competition between incumbent Trevor Siemian and former first-rounder Paxton Lynch to ”go down to the wire ” this summer.
Sanders said he's OK with that.
”Obviously, the earlier that we can get clarity, the better. But do we want to rush that process? No, we don't want to rush that process. We want to have the right guy,” Sanders said. ”I know those two guys are excited. I'm excited to see it because competition brings out the best in you. So, we're going to see who it brings out the best in. It's going to be pretty cool to see.”
Sanders endorsed both of his QBs, the heady Siemian, the 250th pick in 2015, and the athletic Lynch, the 26th selection a year ago.
”I think both of them got everything that you look for,” Sanders said. ”They both have a confidence, they both have a presence, they both can throw the ball, make every single ball: deep ball, short, out, all across the field. So, I think we are sitting here right now in a good position with two guys that are hungry, that want to be starters, that want to be franchise quarterbacks.
”So, with that said, all I can do is go out and handle my business, see how it all pans out. It's crazy because it seems like every year it's a question about the quarterback, the quarterback, the quarterback. And every year, it's the same answer: The best guy is going to show. Obviously, we want a guy that can take us all the way to the Super Bowl.”
Sanders said his personal goals, regardless of who's on the other end of all those passes, are to top 1,000 yards receiving for a fourth consecutive season, make his third Pro Bowl and be voted an All-Pro again.
”Another pass-happy offense, hopefully I can get up there in the 1,400-1,500 range like I did in 2014,” Sanders said.
”The sky is the limit.”
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
Spotify now has 60 million paying subscribers, adding 10 million subscribers in less than five months, a spokeswoman for the music streaming company said on Monday.
The spokeswoman declined to comment on a report in the Financial Times that the Swedish company was eyeing a listing as soon as the fourth quarter, citing people familiar with the matter.
Spotify, which recently appointed financial advisers to explore a direct listing on the New York Stock Exchange, said in June that its operating loss widened in 2016 but revenue rose significantly.
In March Spotify reported it had 50 million paying subscribers, a rise of 25 percent in less than six months, extending the music streaming service's lead over its closest rival, Apple Music.
Last week Reuters reported that Spotify was close to agreeing a new licensing pact with Warner Music Inc, the last big music royalty deal it needs before pushing ahead with a U.S. stock market listing, four sources familiar with the situation said.
Share
Microsoft has announced that the Xbox One April update is available to all users starting Tuesday, April 24. The April update includes a number of new audio and video features, user interface options, and other small changes.
Perhaps the biggest addition in the update is a new resolution option: 1440p, which can be used in both games and media apps on Xbox One X and Xbox One S. 1440p sits between 1080p HD and 4K (2160p). Microsoft has given developers the ability to add native 1440p resolution to their games when played on Xbox One X. And third-party media apps can add a 1440p setting for both Xbox One S and Xbox One X users.
You will also now see Auto Low-Latency Mode in video options. This addition notifies your TV when you enter a game and if your TV supports Auto Low-Latency Mode (for a lot of TVs, this is called “game mode”), it will trigger an icon on the screen telling you to switch. Additionally, if you have an AMD Radeon FreeSync-enabled display, you can now a toggle variable refresh rate which should help performance and reduce screen stuttering.
On the streaming side of things, Mixer has a new feature dubbed “Share Controller.” When streaming on Mixer on Xbox One, you can allow audience members to enter inputs and influence the game. This can either be done with a virtual controller in a web browser or with a physical controller on PC. Don't worry, this neat but potentially troll-garnering option has to be turned on by the streamer. Microsoft has also made Mixer broadcasting more versatile by letting streams run anywhere on Xbox One. When switching games, your stream will no longer end, too. Instead, a holding screen will appear until you enter a new game or turn off the broadcast.
Despite these welcome new features, there is a biggie that's noticeably missing. The new Xbox One avatars that were rumored to launch in April have not arrived, nor have they been made available to Xbox Insiders. Still, as recently leaked footage demonstrated, the avatars don't seem to be too far away. Hopefully, we'll see them in the next big update.
CBN introduces ‘Form X' to ease forex documentation for SMEs
By Babajide Komolafe
LAGOS—As part of its determination to increase foreign exchange liquidity and improve access by Small and Medium Enterprises, SMEs, and retail businesses, the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, has introduced the use of FORM X for the SMEs that require just basic documentation.
Confirming the development, the apex bank spokesman, Mr Isaac Okorafor, said the innovative measure was intended to ease documentation challenges usually encountered by this category of businesses.
He further explained that the new form, which must be completed by all SME applicants, required the applicant to fill the form with a supporting application letter as well as beneficiary invoice and bank wire transfer.
The objective of the new guideline, he added, was to remove obstacles usually encountered by those whose forex needs for either visibles or invisibles were as small as or less than $10,000.
He reiterated the apex bank's determination to continue to ensure adequate supply of forex for genuine transactions in the coming days.
Last week, the CBN opened a special foreign exchange window for SMEs to access $10,000 per quarter for importation of basic items for their operations.
The post CBN introduces ‘Form X' to ease forex documentation for SMEs appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
An unhinged Brooklyn man accused of punching seven women — including a 78-year-old — in brutal “knockout” attacks last year told cops he attacked six of them in “self-defense,” and...
It was his turn to get knocked out. The NYPD's Hate Crimes Task Force busted a Brooklyn man for at least seven “knockout” assaults, cops said Friday. Barry Baldwin, 35,...
Image copyright Radio Television Espanola Image caption The men used "over 200 symbols" to communicate with each other
A 500-year-old secret code used in letters between one of Spain's most famous monarchs and a military commander has been cracked.
The letters, constructed using more than 200 special characters, were deciphered by the country's intelligence agency.
Ferdinand of Aragon's letters have tantalised historians for centuries.
He was behind the final reconquest of Spain from the Moors in 1492 and Columbus's journeys to the Americas.
The letters include instructions on strategy during military campaigns in Italy in the early 16th Century. They were written using secret code in case they fell into enemy hands.
The letters, on display at Spain's Army Museum in Toledo, use "over 200 symbols", curator Jesús Anson explained.
It took intelligence services almost half a year to decipher four of them, some of which went on for over 20 pages.
The code-cracking has been described by some as a "Rosetta Stone" moment, amid hopes that it could lead to more coded letters being deciphered.
Details outlined in the letters range from instructions on troop deployments to admonishing the commander for not consulting the king before launching diplomatic initiatives.
In the early 16th century, it would have taken 15 days for the letters to get between the monarch's residencies to south-eastern Italy where the commander was based.
As President Trump prepared for a visit from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday, his administration is indicating it may try something other than the two-state solution to achieve peace between the Israelis and Palestinians, a senior White House official said.
“It's not for us to impose that vision,” the official told reporters Tuesday night.
“A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not our goal that anybody wants to achieve,” the administration official said.
“Peace is the goal, whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution, if that's what the parties want or something else, if that's what the parties want, we're going to help them,” the official added.
The statements could signal a significant change in the bipartisan US foreign policy consensus – as presidents from both political parties have sought to implement a two-state solution to make peace in the Middle East.
“We're not going to dictate what the terms of peace will be,” said the official, before adding, “President Trump has very much indicated that he wants to achieve peace.”
The two-state solution calls for “two states for two groups of people,” meaning an independent Palestinian state would exist with Israel.
The official's comments come before Netanyahu visits the White House on Wednesday. It's the first meeting between the American and Israeli leader since Trump was sworn into office last week.
Broadband penetration: Glo, Huawei sign contract for laying Glo 2 submarine cable – Daily Trust
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Two men died in a vehicle fire in Falmouth, Kentucky early Sunday morning, according to police.
At around 4:30 a.m. two men in their 20's were died when their vehicle missed a curve on Old Three L Highway, struck a tree and caught on fire.
Authorities have not yet released the identities of the victims.
FOX19 now will update this story as more information becomes available.
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved.
Image copyright PA Image caption John Bercow did not take part in Monday's discussions
The body which oversees the running of the House of Commons has backed an independent probe into alleged bullying of parliamentary officials by MPs.
The House of Commons Commission said an outside figure would head the inquiry.
Speaker John Bercow, who was named in a recent BBC report about the conduct of MPs and who has denied claims he undermined a female aide, did not take part in Monday's meeting on the issue.
Leader of the Commons Andrea Leadsom welcomed the decision.
Last week, she said the inquiry should focus on whether all Commons staff should be covered by the independent grievance procedure, not just those working directly for MPs.
Following recent revelations in a BBC Newsnight report, clerk of the House of Commons, David Natzler, said he was in "no doubt" that there were "unresolved issues over bullying and harassment".
Mr Natzler, who sits on the Commission, said he recognised policies needed to be re-examined and improved but accepted this would be "no substitute for cultural change".
In a statement on Monday, the Commission - which is chaired by Mr Bercow and whose members include Conservative, Labour, the SNP and Lib Dem MPs as well as two lay members - said it had agreed to the idea.
"The Commission agreed that an inquiry should be initiated immediately, and tasked its non-executive members - who are not parliamentarians - with appointing an independent expert to lead the inquiry and with developing terms of reference in collaboration with that person," it said.
It added: "The Speaker did not join the meeting until after this discussion had taken place."
Several MPs have called for all historic allegations of bullying and harassment of Commons staff - known as "clerks" - to be investigated.
But it is unclear whether such a wide remit will be sanctioned and whether individual cases will be considered.
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
NBA draft's complete: First-round pick-by-pick analysis Here's a pick-by-pick analysis of all the first-round selections in Thursday's NBA draft: 1. 76ers Markelle Fultz, G, Washington The Process finally has arrived in Philadelphia, and it comes in...
The crazy talented big men Nets can target with No. 22 pick Nets general manager Sean Marks has talked about being strategic in Brooklyn's rebuild and flexible going into Thursday's draft. He was both in Tuesday's shrewd trade, and will have to...
Nets may be eyeing their own Latvian unicorn in NBA draft With two picks in the bottom of the first round and tons room for improvement on a league-worst 20-62 mark, the Nets may have to gamble in Thursday's draft. And...
The first cops to arrive at the blast scene under the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Monday morning stopped the bomber from reaching for his cell phone – concerned it could have been used as a detonator, sources told The Post.
Officers Jack Collins, 45, Sean Gallagher, 26, Drew Preston, 36, and Anthony Manferdini, 28, encountered 27-year-old Akayed Ullah moments after Ullah set off the pipe-bomb strapped to his chest in an underground walkway, officials said.
They saw an injured Ullah lying on the ground with visible wires stretching from his jacket to his pants, and reaching for his cell phone.
The officers – knowing that a cell phone could indicate a detonation device based on their training – prevented Ullah from reaching the device, according to a source.
They were able to arrest Ullah, and secure and evacuate the area before the NYPD Bomb Squad arrived on scene, according to officials.
Manferdini, a former Marine with bomb technician experience, was on patrol in the area and became aware of the 7:20 a.m. bombing by panicked commuters running out of the passageway.
He radioed-in the incident and the three other officers responded to the walkway passageway between W. 42nd Street and 8th Avenue and W. 42nd Street and 7th Avenue, which they described as smoke-filled, the source said.
Gallagher is a former Marine and Preston is a former Army solider with three tours in Iraq, the source said. Collins doubles as an attorney.
“Thanks to the quick response of these brave Port Authority Police officers, the suspect was apprehended, there were no serious injuries and the [Port Authority Bus Terminal] was secured without further incident,” Port Authority Chairman Kevin O'Toole said.
“Our officers responded immediately and put themselves in harm's way to protect the public.”
Ullah, a Brooklyn resident from Bangladesh, injured three other people when he detonated the device.
The victims suffered minor injuries.
A military helicopter crashed in southern Maryland on Monday, authorities said.
Maryland State Police spokesman Sgt. Davaughn Parker said a Black Hawk helicopter crashed in Leonardtown on Monday afternoon. He said state police have sent two medevac helicopters to the scene to assist.
Kevin Bowen, who works in the pro shop of the Breton Bay Golf and Country Club in Leonardtown, said he saw the helicopter “flying kind of low” and then “saw it spinning” before it went down between the third and fourth holes of the golf course.
University of Miami football greats, former Head Coach, Larry Coker, and former running back, Frank Gore, talk about being inducted into the UM Hall of Fame April 19, 2018 at Jungle Island.
Daily Blotter Manhattan Police released surveillance video of a suspect (seen here) wanted for shooting a rival on a Harlem street. The two men got into a fight on Saint Nicholas Avenue...
Daily Blotter The Bronx Cops are looking for a bike rider who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl in Belmont, cops said. The suspect rode up to the girl near 182nd Street and...
Daily Blotter The Bronx A man died hours after refusing medical attention following a street fight in Soundview, authorities said Monday. Jose Lucero, 30, was walking with a 36-year-old woman on Stratford Avenue...
Daily Blotter Brooklyn A woman was struck by a bullet while walking to a fried chicken joint with her boyfriend early Wednesday in East New York, police sources said. The 23-year-old victim...
Man arrested for trying to steal propeller Staten Island *** A man was arrested for trying to steal a ship's propeller and other metal from a Great Kills shipping yard, authorities said. Kevin Masinski, 29, broke into...
NYPD Daily Blotter Brooklyn Cops are looking for this woman (pictured) in connection with a burglary in Bay Ridge. She was caught on video surveillance trying and failing to withdraw money from an...
NYPD Daily Blotter Manhattan *** Two men were robbed while they were loading their car in Hamilton Heights, authorities said. The victims were putting items into the vehicle on West 145th Street at...
NYPD Daily Blotter Queens A couple of heartless thieves robbed two children at gunpoint inside their grandparents' Ridgewood home and made off with $45,000 worth of jewelry, sources said. The grandparents went shopping,...
NYPD Daily Blotter Staten Island *** An odd threesome looted nearly 200 pairs of underwear from a Victoria's Secret in Heartland Village, police said yesterday. The perps — an older woman with a...
Frank Ocean collaborator Om'Mas Keith has countersued Ocean after a lawsuit the singer filed against Keith earlier this year. Previously, Ocean alleged in court that Keith had falsely registered himself with ASCAP as a cowriter of eleven songs on Ocean's 2016 album Blonde, which would theoretically allow Keith to collect a percentage of publishing royalties on those songs.
Keith's countersuit, first reported by The Blast, includes a denial of all allegations in Ocean's suit. The producer, who contributed to both Blonde and Ocean's 2012 album Channel Orange, claims that he did contribute writing to the songs in question. Those songs are “Be Yourself,” “Futura Free,” “Godspeed,” “Ivy,” “Nights,” “Nikes,” “Pink + White,” “Pretty Sweet,” “Skyline To,” “Solo,” and “White Ferrari.”
The conflict seems to stem in part from an arrangement between the two musicians regarding Keith's Channel Orange work, which was once described in a New York Times article as “help [with turning Ocean's] sketches into major-label-release-ready album cuts.” Neither party disputes that Keith agreed to receive a flat fee for Channel Orange, meaning he would not receive any of the royalty percentages associated with a songwriting credit. Ocean's suit alleged that he and Keith verbally agreed that Blonde's pay structure would be similar, and that Keith balked when he was asked to sign a written version of that agreement. Keith's new suit says he made it clear to Ocean that he would not accept a flat-fee deal for Blonde.
Keith claims that he has not received any Blonde royalties. His suit is asking for Ocean's suit to be thrown out, and for unspecified damages related to the allegedly unpaid royalties.
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears lived out the dream of millions of teenage girls when *NSYNC sang “Happy Birthday' to her. Only, it wasn't the real Britney and the guys in *NSYNC weren't the ones who sold millions of records.
The bizarre moment is captured in an upcoming Lifetime original movie, Britney Ever After.
Related: Britney Spears Subtweets Katy Perry Over Rude GRAMMY Comments
The project does not have the support of pop princess so it will be interesting to see how the network navigates her story without the rights to her music.
In the film, Natasha Bassett plays Britney, while Nathan Keyes, Zac Vran, Connor Paton, Frankie Cena and Matt Visser respectively take on the roles of Justin Timberlake, JC Chasez, Lance Bass, Chris Kirkpatrick and Joey Fatone.
Britney Ever After airs Saturday, Feb. 18 at 8:00 p.m. on Lifetime.
Good news: Team de Blasio has sent only 41 of 400 teachers from its Absent Teacher Reserve into city classrooms. Bad news: As predicted, the 41 went disproportionately to struggling...
Buhari appoints two new top officials for NIA
The president had on January 10 appointed a substantive director general of the security agency.
The post Buhari appoints two new top officials for NIA appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Giancarlo Stanton could not have gotten out of Miami soon enough.
The slugger said goodbye to the team and fan base in an Instagram post on Monday afternoon after the deal sending him to the Yankees became official. The caption starts off pretty boilerplate before Stanton begins venting over some of the rough times he experienced with the Marlins.
“Thank you to the Marlins Organization & the amazing city of Miami! The city that adopted me at 17 with open arms. I've loved this place over the years and it will always be special to me,” Stanton, who will be introduced by the Yankees later on Monday, wrote. “I appreciate All my teammates & coaching Staff that battled day in and day out I feel for u fans, you've stuck with me as we've shared some roller coaster years. I've always tried to be as professional as possible during the unprofessional , circus times there!
“Regardless of the Ups&downs, I've grown n learned a lot as a Person/Player. So for that I give thanks, I hope there are better days in Miami . The city & the people are too great not to be! Stay positive & much love ! ————————————— As for NEW YORK CITY !!! I am officially a YANKEE🔥🔥”
The Marlins have long been criticized for shoddy ownership under Jeffrey Loria, and things have not improved since Derek Jeter and Bruce Sherman purchased the team. Jeter has been criticized for firing beloved team ambassadors and trying to hire them back at a low-ball rate, letting go of a scout who is suffering from cancer and for a lack of communication with Stanton since he took over the team.
The Marlins drafted Stanton, a California native, in 2007, and he quickly rose through the organization to become the power-hitting face of the franchise in 2010. Stanton signed a 13-year, $325 million deal with the team in 2014.
The veterans from the Luverne Veterans' Home get ready to take a cruise Lake Benton Lake last Wednesday, June 7.
By Nancy Mulder
valleyjournaloffice @gmail.com
The Luverne Veterans Home residents had the opportunity to travel to Lake Benton for a ride on the pontoons on Wednes­day, June 7. This is an an­nual event they look for­ward to each year. It was a beautiful day for a cruise on the lake as it was not windy and the sun was shining.
Before the busses ar­rived, Renee and Guy Prib­yl, owners of Becker's Re­sort and Renee's Kitchen, prepared sweet treats and beverages for the visitors when they arrived…
For the full story, read this week's Lake Benton Valley Journal.
Members of the American Legion Riders from New Ulm helped with Veterans Day at the Lake. They are, left to right, Dan, Brian, John, Colleen and Roger.
Rehoboth Beach is known for its beautiful trees throughout the town, and now, you can showcase your personal trees for tours of Rehoboth. The Mayor's Advisory Committee on Trees is offering visitors a self-guided tour of the best trees in town. The Mayor is inviting you to nominate your personal trees or other trees in town to be added to the tour. To be considered for the tour, get in contact with the Rehoboth Communications Department.
Image copyright Ritzau Foto Image caption Kim Wall boarded Peter Madsen's submarine Nautilus but we do not know what happened next
Swedish journalist Kim Wall, 30, has been missing since Thursday night.
Danish inventor Peter Madsen, on whose submarine she was last seen, has been accused of negligent manslaughter and is in custody in Denmark. Police now believe he deliberately sank his own sub.
Other than those facts, there is little hard information to come by on the disappearance of a talented reporter.
What we know about Kim Wall's disappearance
Police believe it is most likely that Kim Wall is dead. Armed forces divers and police dogs have been drafted in to search for her body.
A highly respected freelance journalist, Ms Wall was researching a feature about Peter Madsen, an inventor who built his private 40-tonne submarine, UC3 Nautilus, through crowdfunding in 2008. She has written for the New York Times, Guardian, Vice and the South China Morning Post.
We know that they met at around 19:00 on Thursday at Refshaleoen, a harbour area in Copenhagen. She boarded the Nautilus as shown in the picture above and was reported missing by her boyfriend at 02:30 on Friday. The last picture of the pair in the sub's conning tower was taken at 19:22 on Thursday.
What happened to Kim Wall next is either unknown or has been kept under wraps by Danish authorities. But Peter Madsen was charged with negligent manslaughter at a judicial hearing behind closed doors on Saturday.
His lawyer Betina Hald Engmark has told the BBC he is not guilty but as the case is sub judice - under judicial consideration - she is not allowed to say any more.
What happened next?
Initially Peter Madsen said he dropped Kim Wall off after dark at about 22:30 at the Halvandet restaurant, on the northern tip of Refshaleoen, close to where they had met earlier.
Restaurant owner Bo Petersen said the area was well covered by CCTV and he handed the video footage to police.
We do not know what was on the video but police said Peter Madsen had given them a new account of events. That account has not yet been made public.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Peter Madsen was eventually brought to shore late on Friday morning
The sub was not equipped with satellite tracking so after the alarm was raised in the early hours of Friday, rescue services searched for the vessel for hours.
It was not until 10:30 on Friday that the first sighting was confirmed from a lighthouse in the Oresund.
However, a merchant ship has since reported coming within 30m of the unlit sub to the north-west of the Oresund bridge at about midnight on Thursday. Police say at that point the submarine crossed the channel from Denmark towards Sweden in the Southern part of Øresund.
Why the submarine sank
Within minutes of contact being established with Peter Madsen, the submarine sank in Koge Bay. Copenhagen police said on Monday that their forensic work on the sub "confirm that the sinking of the submarine was allegedly a consequence of a deliberate act".
The inventor, well known in Denmark for his submarine and rocket activities, was soon brought ashore and interviewed by Danish reporters. The story was not yet a homicide inquiry.
"The sub was spotted at 10:30 south of Copenhagen and then 20 minutes later it sank. That's why police said it was basically scuttled," says Danish TV reporter Trine Maria Ilsoe.
What we still don't know
The big question remains: what happened to Kim Wall?
The search for her body continues by sea and on land and Copenhagen police have urged people who have travelled with Peter Madsen before to explain what happened on their trips.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Danish police focused their investigation on the sub to dismantling its electronic equipment
Although the sub was brought to the surface on Saturday, seawater is likely to have damaged any DNA evidence left on board.
Police said they had secured "a substantial amount of electronics" but appealed for help in piecing together the sub's route from 09:30 to midnight. If there was any DNA evidence retrieved from the sub, police did not mention it.
Why is the case behind closed doors?
This is not uncommon in Denmark.
It means that Peter Madsen's own lawyer is not allowed to give her client's story, other than to say he is innocent. When asked by the BBC why he had changed his initial account, she said she was unable to say because anything that came out in a court hearing behind closed doors could not be made public.
The charge of negligent manslaughter is seen as an initial step that will keep the defendant in custody until early September. It suggests that there has been an accident on board and the charge could be changed later.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:32 Teddi Wohlford makes vegetable au gratin Pause 0:57 Macon girl 'so proud' of mom's dying wishes 2:17 Ellis: Time is right to move Confederate monuments 1:07 Looking back on Warner Robins' 2007 Little League champs 0:55 Warner Robins beats Peach County in thriller 0:51 How to catch a cold-case criminal? Maybe a DNA-based mug shot 1:16 Watch boiling water turn to snow 1:22 President Trump signs tax bill, says Obamacare is 'essentially over' 4:34 The history of sexual harassment in America: five things to know 0:08 Police dog does push-ups with Alabama officers Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
On the second day of disgraced ex-sports doctor Larry Nassar's final sentencing hearing the father of three victims, Randall Margraves, tried to attack Nassar. The man charged across the room but was quickly tackled by bailiffs and lead from the courtroom. This hearing focuses on Nassar's work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. More than 30 victims have given statements so far. During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward. Pool via AP
On the second day of disgraced ex-sports doctor Larry Nassar's final sentencing hearing the father of three victims, Randall Margraves, tried to attack Nassar. The man charged across the room but was quickly tackled by bailiffs and lead from the courtroom. This hearing focuses on Nassar's work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. More than 30 victims have given statements so far. During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward. Pool via AP
Image copyright Getty Images
Three of Britain's biggest supermarket chains have won the latest stage of their legal battle against card operators Mastercard and Visa.
The Court of Appeal confirmed two earlier rulings that the card charges - known as interchange fees - infringed EU competition law.
Sainsbury's, Argos, Morrisons and Asda have all argued in previous cases that the charges were too high.
Retailers pay the fees to banks when customers use a debit or credit card.
The charges in question were paid until December 2015, after which time they were capped by the EU.
The judges also overturned a previous ruling, in which Sainsbury's lost a case against Visa.
However, the court decided to refer all three cases back to the Competition Appeal Tribunal. It will assess what a fair level of interchange fee should have been, and determine what damages the supermarkets should receive.
How credit cards changed the way we spend
Sainsbury's welcomed the decision: "We will consider the judgment carefully and remain confident in the next hearing at the Competition Appeal Tribunal, which will examine whether there is any lawful level of interchange fee for either scheme and establish our damages."
Mastercard said it would also consider the ruling in detail.
"However, we continue to firmly believe that retailers derive real value from our network, and we are committed to helping our retail partners grow their businesses and encourage the adoption of ever more convenient, safe and secure payments."
Interchange fees on credit card payments are now capped at 0.3% of any transaction, with debit card fees capped at 0.2%.
However at one time the fees charged were as high as 1%.
A self-driving Uber hit and killed a woman in Arizona Sunday night in what appears to be the first fatal accident involving an autonomous vehicle, according to reports.
Uber said, as a result, it's suspending tests of its self-driving cars in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Toronto and the greater Phoenix area, Bloomberg reported Monday.
The woman was walking outside of the crosswalk when she was struck in Tempe around 10 p.m. Sunday, police said in a statement.
The pedestrian, who was not identified pending family notification, was crossing the road from west to east and was struck by the Uber, which was traveling northbound.
The woman was taken to the hospital where she died of her injuries.
The operator of the car was behind the wheel but the vehicle was in autonomous mode at the time.
“Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” an Uber spokeswoman said in a statement. “We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.”
The annual Meeting of Trumbull Little League will be held at the Helen Plumb Building on Thursday, Nov. 9, at 7 p.m.
The meeting is open to the public and the Trumbull Little League Board of Directors will be present to provide a review of the past year's program and answer any questions regarding the league.
Any individuals interested in becoming a board member of Trumbull Little League in 2018 should send a letter of interest to [email protected] by Sunday, Oct. 15.
This brave pooch proved he's dog's best friend.
Incredible video footage shows the brave canine rushing to protect his injured chum, perilously stuck on railroad tracks in Uzhhorod, Ukraine.
The dog places his body on top of his hurt friend, completely covering her as a speeding train rumbles safely over both of them.
He continued protecting his pal even when people came to rescue both of the dogs, refusing to leave her side, according to CTV.
The brief clip, shot on Christmas, has been viewed more than 1.5 million times on Facebook, and led to both pooches getting adopted by a family just before the New Year.
The same person who recorded the original video posted footage of them meeting their new owners, who named them Panda and Lucy.
Both pooches are seen sauntering around, tails wagging.
If Our Girl‘s 2-section were under any illusion they were doing mighty fine work in Nigeria, Special Forces soldier Bones (real name Captain McClyde) is on hand to bring them straight back down to earth. Captain James is giving his team a collective pat on the back in episode two when Bones strolls into the room and asks, “why the f*** are you lot congratulating yourselves?” – his words dripping with disdain.
Advertisement
The Special Forces soldier was briefly glimpsed at the start of the new series where, on first impression, he was a thuggish mercenary, terrorising the local community. In fact, he was undercover, monitoring a group of schoolgirls taken hostage by the Boko Haram terrorist group – an operation blown by Georgie's off-piste rescue mission.
So, there's plenty more to be seen of Bones in upcoming Our Girl episodes…
Who plays Bones in Our Girl?
That would be actor Olly Rix, who has been amassing a string of dramatic roles over the last few years, beginning with BBC drama Death Comes to Pemberley, playing Carthwright back in 2013. He moved onto parts in Midsomer Murders and Musketeers (as Navas), before playing DI Harry Sawyer in WPC 56. But his most substantial role to date is Of Kings and Prophets, an ABC drama co-starring Ray Winstone which aired in the States in 2015 before it was cancelled. Rix actually auditioned to play Captain James in the very first series of Our Girl: “Ben [Aldridge], of course, was a much better choice and the rest is history,” he says.
What do we know about Bones?
In the words of Rix: “He's a tricky kind of guy. He's abrasive, brash and yet highly competent as a soldier. He's somewhat arrogant and intolerant of what he sees as pointless bureaucracy or anything that prevents him from doing his job. Ultimately, for all his naughtiness, he's a decent man with a healthy disrespect for authority; he's extremely focused on his missions and bailing out 2-Section every five minutes.”
Why does Bones hate Captain James?
It turns out the pair were at Sandhurst together, but while Bones excelled with an anarchic streak, Captain James was rather a goody two-shoes, a trait that Bones doesn't exactly warm to. We know from creator Tony Grounds that Captain James will begin to question his future in the army – will Bone' steady animosity do more damage to his old adversary's resolve?
Will Bones become Georgie's new love interest?
Important question. Our Girl is as much about its soldiers' personal lives as it is about day-to-day life in the army. And with Luke Pasqualino's Elvis breathing his last at the end of the previous series, there's a gap in the drama for a bit of romance. Is Bones the answer? Olly Rix is cryptic…
They have a turbulent friendship. But one that I think becomes mutually, albeit grudgingly, respectful in the end. They do a lot to test one another – Georgie does things that endangers others and compromises missions, and Bones definitely isn't a fan of that. However on a deeper and more interesting level, there's a maverick element about Georgie that is driven by quite a restless desire to help others. Bone has exactly the same streak and so I think he quietly finds it very admirable. There's a kindred-spirit sort of understanding in there somewhere, beneath layers of glaring at one another.
Advertisement
“Turbulent” seems an accurate description of their behaviour towards one another in episode two, but watch this space – we have a feeling Our Girl has introduced a dishy new Special Forces Captain for good reason.
Ballymena United manager David Jeffrey has blasted the playing surface at the Showgrounds after Saturday's 2-0 defeat to Linfield.
Goals from Jimmy Callacher and Andrew Waterworth sealed the win for the Blues - but before tonight's Danske Bank League clash against Cliftonville Jeffrey made his feelings about the pitch perfectly clear.
“The surface is diabolical. Here we have a top-class facility and yet there is no point in having the surroundings and the framework if the pitch is not in good order.
“And to be fair at the start of the season the pitch was in good order.
“But is having been slowing getting worse and it was fantastic to have the Irish Cup semi-final here.
“Tremendous - but on the day of the match I walked the pitch and it was awful.
“And Glenavon and Coleraine gave out about the state of the pitch.
“We have made countless efforts with council employees to lobby councillors but it seems to make no difference.
“And the icing on the cake was the night before we play Linfield there are tracks all over the pitch and we have pictures of cars parked on the playing surface.
“I am hoping that someone will grab the nettle. We are talking about cars driving over the pitch.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mark Lawrenson believes Crystal Palace have a better calibre of player than Newcastle United and as such will run out comfortable winners in this weekend's match at Selhurst Park.
The BBC pundit reckons that two-goal striker Christian Benteke is better than what the Magpies have to offer and thinks the Belgian could go on a streak after netting against West Ham on Tuesday.
The Liverpool legend said the North East side have improved themselves in the January transfer window but he can only say the Eagles running out comfortable 2-0 winners.
He said: "Newcastle managed to make some signings at the end of the transfer window, including Leicester forward Islam Slimani and Chelsea winger Kenedy - who are both better than what they had.
"But you only have to look at the difference between Crystal Palace's squad and what the Magpies have got to see the difference between the sides.
"Christian Benteke got the Eagles' goal in their 1-1 draw with West Ham on Tuesday and I just wonder if he is going to go on a scoring streak now - he is the kind of confidence player who does that.
"Newcastle do not have a striker of his calibre to lead their line, or game-changers like Wilfried Zaha, Andros Townsend or, when he is fit, Jason Puncheon. That is why the Magpies are where they are, a point above the relegation zone.
"Palace are only one place above them, but I think they will run out pretty comfortable winners."
A 70-year-old woman jumped to her death from a luxury building on the Upper East Side, police sources said.
The woman jumped from a 15th floor window at 10 Gracie Square, which is between East End Ave. and the FDR Drive near East 84th St., around 10:35 a.m. Sunday.
The woman's body landed on the balcony of an 8th floor apartment, police said. She was pronounced dead at the scene.
“I was about to go for my run and I saw everyone staring up,” said nurse Claudine Dabay, 30.
“…I saw all this blood, and what I thought was limbs. The right leg looks severed.
“I'm a nurse, so I've seen this sort of thing before — but never outside a hospital.”
David Beckerman, 65, said the the gory scene above him didn't look real when he first saw it and said he feels sorry for whoever lives in the 8th floor apartment and likely found the body on the balcony.
“I saw what looked to me like a dummy, like a fake TV thing, except there's blood dripping down,” he said.
“It's gruesome. We were saying, whoever was in that apartment at the apartment that someone landed on their patio, that's got to be pretty horrible.”
The woman's death is currently being investigated as a suicide.
The building the woman jumped from is the same one where CNN anchor Anderson Cooper's brother, Carter Vanderbilt Cooper, committed suicide back in 1988.
Vanderbilt Cooper jumped from the 14th floor terrace of a penthouse that used to belong to his mother, heiress Gloria Vanderbilt.
Mapusa: Chaos is the order of the day at the Mapusa bus stand as there is absolutely no control on vendors and bus operators. Unauthorised parking by motorists and encroachment of open spaces by kiosk owners is rampant with some vendors occupying area reserved for bus parking.The terminus, which is the biggest in North Goa, caters to a large number of buses and commuters. Cleanliness has taken a back seat with people urinating at many spots.Many commuters traveling far and wide park their vehicles inside the bus stand to evade payment of parking fees. This limits the movement of pedestrians and buses.To make matters worse, two-wheelers use the pathway towards Union Pharmacy side of the bus stand obstructing entry of commuters into the bus stand.
Also the only entrance to the sub-yard market is from the bus stand as a result of which people visiting the market bring vehicles into the bus stand causing traffic blockages especially during peak hours.Officials have also failed to control the number of vendors, beggars and hawkers who have encroached inside the bus stand. Unruly bus operators exacerbate the problem and fights over timings are very common.Expressing displeasure over the unhygienic condition in the bus stand, a daily commuter Sonia Naik said, “The state of affairs at the bus stand is deteriorating. Authorities have failed to maintain cleanliness inside the bus stand and departure area for the shuttle bus services has turned into a urinating spot.”Another commuter Sudesh Arolkar claimed that the number of private vehicles including two-wheelers and four-wheelers entering the bus stand has increased since this is only access to enter the sub-yard market. Congestion is also caused as vendors sit on the main road in front of sub-yard market.”
Another commuter said, “The access to the bus stand from the Union Pharmacy side which was reserved for commuters to walk into the bus stand is now frequently used by two-wheelers to enter the bus stand with some parking their vehicles due to which inconvenience is caused to commuters. Two-wheelers zoom past the pedestrians risking their lives.”President of North Goa Bus Owners Association Vithal Salgaokar said, “The bus stand is meant for buses and generally two-wheelers and cars are not allowed. But at the Mapusa bus stand there is no control on private vehicles and so many are parked inside whole day as a result there is no sufficient parking space for buses.”He further said, “People park two-wheelers inside the bus stand to evade paying parking fees due to which during peak hours long queues of buses is visible.”
Prakash Pokle, traffic controller of KTC bus stand said, “Whenever we take action against the bus drivers or the private vehicles parked inside the bus stand people tend to enter into arguments with us and do not listen to us. On various occasions, we have asked kiosk owners to remove encroachment which they do but again return to their ways. Despite having dedicated pay parking for two-wheelers and four-wheelers, people still prefer to park their vehicles at various corners of the bus stand to avoid parking fees.”Deputy Chief Minister and Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza said, “The bus stand belongs to corporation, they are earning revenue from it but they are not managing it well. I tried to intervene so many times but their inspectors do not do anything.” [NT]
Everybody's Kooky Family
The UK premiere of The Addams Family, the musical, comes to Bradford Alhambra from 4-8 July.
Wednesday Addams, the ultimate princess of darkness is all grown up and has a shocking secret that only Gomez knows. She's fallen in love with a sweet young man from a respectable family. With his cherished Morticia in the dark will Gomez manage to keep his daughter's secret until the two families meet for a fateful dinner with hilarious consequences.
With a star-studded cast including Samantha Womack as Morticia, Carrie Hope Fletcher as Wednesday, Cameron Blakely as Gomez and Les Dennis as Fester this is a heart warming story of love, family and friendship with a twist.
To book call: 01274 432000
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
The late Egyptian diva Umm Kulthum was among twitter trending topics Saturday as Egyptians marked the 43rd anniversary of the legendary singer's passing.More than 40 years after her death, Umm Kulthum is still celebrated by Egyptians, who regard her voice as the greatest of all time.Known as the grand dame of Arab singing and the “Star of the Orient,” Umm Kulthum's rich voice still resonates across the Arab world.Twitter users shared their favorite songs through tweets that went viral on the Internet.“I was born several years after her passing, but I still adore her voice and choice of lyrics,” wrote one Tweep.“Years after her death, dozens have come out, but she remains the only one,” another Twitter user said.Umm Kulthum passed away on the 3rd of February 1975, aged 77. Hundreds of thousands turned out for her funeral in what is still recounted as an exceptional scene in Egyptian history.Her legacy continues to live on as her songs pass from one generation to another, providing a unique essence of the history and culture of Egypt and the Arab world during her time.
Phil Simms thinks he knows what Eli Manning's problem is PHILADELPHIA — Carson Wentz leads the Eagles with 61 rushing yards, averaging 7.6 yards per attempt. It is not what the Eagles want, as running backs Darren Sproles and LeGarrette...
Fantasy football experts debate on best RBs in draft The hardest task in a routine fantasy football draft is choosing which running backs to take and when to take them. Post fantasy Madman Drew Loftis and Roto Rage Jarad...
JEDDAH: Interns of private medical schools are “tweet-campaigning” against a halt to their monthly allowances without prior notice. “This decision is arbitrary, inhumane and unfair,” Dr. Bader Al-Jumah, founder of the @InternRewards account on Twitter, told Arab News.
Hundreds of medical interns who were directly affected by the Education Ministry's decision took to Twitter to vent and discuss their struggle. Al-Jumah said he decided to gather all those Twitter users under one umbrella and start @InternRewards, which now has 517 followers. Active hashtags to discuss their case are regularly updated.
Dr. Hesham Al-Shehri, a 28-year-old dental intern at Al-Farabi College in Jeddah, said there were rumors about terminating their monthly allowances.
His last received lump-sum payment was in March to compensate for the delayed three-month payments from October to the end of December 2016.
Interns were officially notified by an e-mail dated March 22, a copy of which was obtained by Arab News, saying the decision was effective as of Jan. 1.
The e-mail read: “We regret to inform you that your internship reward has been stopped starting the year 2017 as per the e-mail sent from the internal scholarships administration at the Ministry of Education.”
After several visits to the ministry seeking an explanation, medical interns found a letter posted outside the employees' affairs deputy director's office.
The letter read: “An announcement to medical interns in private colleges. The general administration of employees affairs has nothing to do with your internship rewards.”
The decision came as a surprise in the middle of Al-Jumah's internship year. “I am paying my car installments. Others are newly wed as they were finally receiving salaries (at the beginning of their internships),” said Al-Jumah, a 25-year-old medical intern from Qassim who wants to become a pediatric surgeon.
The decision comes halfway through the internship, which marks the final year in medical school and the first step into medical practice. “Interns are part of the medical team and must be rewarded with salaries for their work,” said Dr. Esam Murshid, a Riyadh-based consultant oncologist.
He told Arab News that this procedure might deter future generations from seeing medicine as an attractive profession. “This is not an academic year for medical students as many may think. This is the first step in the doctor's medical practice.”
Murshid said maintaining medical knowledge at the start of the medical career requires attending conferences and symposia, in addition to paying expensive fees to the Saudi Commission for Health Specialties to be evaluated to receive a license. “This all needs money to afford all that.” This is what Dr. Noor Ahmed, who has just finished her dental internship in Riyadh without receiving allowances since the start of this year, worries about. She told Arab News: “I was planning to use my allowance to enroll in workshops and do more training, which is essential in the job market.”
Intern doctors and dentists receive a monthly allowance of SR9,200 ($2,453). Al-Shehri used to have a part-time job that paid SR1,500, as did many of his colleagues. He told Arab News that they were asked to leave their part-time jobs so as not to risk losing their monthly allowances, so they did.
“We were initially told that we need to stop working or we would be deprived from receiving the monthly allowance,” said Al-Shehri, adding that he and many others left their jobs hoping to secure the allowance. They were then faced with the reality of losing both sources of income: Their monthly internship allowances and part-time jobs.
“There's nothing that we haven't tried to communicate with officials,” said Al-Jumah. He said his colleague interns from public medical schools receive allowances but he does not, despite having the same duties at work.
Arab News tried to reach the Education Ministry for comment, but did not get a response until the time of print.
By MARI YAMAGUCHIAssociated Press
HIGASHISHIRAKAWA, Japan (AP) - The former U.S. Marine knew the calligraphy-covered flag he took from a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago was more than a keepsake of World War II. When Marvin Strombo finally handed the flag back to Sadao Yasue's younger brother and sisters Tuesday, he understood what it really meant to them.
Tatsuya Yasue buried his face into the flag and smelled it, then he held Strombo's hands and kissed them. His elder sister Sayoko Furuta, sitting in her wheelchair, covered her face with both hands and wept silently as Tatsuya placed the flag on her lap.
The flag is a treasure that will fill a deep void for Yasue's family.
The flag Strombo handed to Yasue's siblings is the first trace of their brother. The Japanese authorities only gave them a wooden box containing a few rocks, a substitution for the remains that have never been found.
The flag's white background is filled with signatures of 180 friends and neighbors in this tea-growing mountain village of Higashishirakawa, wishing Yasue's safe return. "Good luck forever at the battlefield," a message on it reads. Looking at the names and their handwriting, Tatsuya Yasue clearly recalls their faces and friendship with his brother.
"The flag will be our treasure," Tatsuya Yasue, a younger brother of the fallen soldier, told the Associated Press at his 400-year-old house. The 89-year-old farmer says the return of the flag brings closure. "It's like the war has finally ended and my brother can come out of the limbo."
Yasue last saw his older brother alive the day before he left for the South Pacific in 1943. Tatsuya and two siblings had a small send-off picnic for the oldest brother outside his military unit over sushi and Japanese sweet mochi, which became their last meal together. At the end of the meeting, his brother lowered his voice, asking Tetsuya to take good care of their parents, as he would be sent to the Pacific islands, harsh battlegrounds where chances of survival were low.
A year later, the wooden box containing the stones arrived. Months after the war ended, the authorities told Yasue his brother died somewhere in the Marianas on July 18, 1944, at age 25.
"That's all we were told about my brother, and we could only imagine what might have happened," he said. Yasue and his relatives wondered Sadao might have died at sea off Saipan. About 20 years ago, Yasue visited Saipan with his younger brother, imagining what their older brother might have gone through.
The only person who can provide some of those answers, Strombo, said he found Yasue's body on the outskirts of Garapan when he got lost and ended up near the Japanese frontline. He told Yasue's siblings that their brother likely died of a concussion from a mortar round. He told them that Sadao was lying on his left, peacefully as if he was sleeping, not in pain.
At least the flag and his story suggest Yasue died on the ground, which raises hopes of retrieving his remains.
The remains of nearly half of 2.4 million Japanese war-dead overseas have yet to be found 72 years after the World War II ended. It's a pressing issue as the bereaved families reach old age and memories fade.
Allied troops frequently took the flags from the bodies of their enemies as souvenirs. But to the Japanese bereaved families, they have a much deeper meaning, especially those, like Yasue, who never learned how their loved ones died and never received remains. Japanese government has requested auction sites to stop trading wartime signed flags.
Strombo had the flag hung in a glass-fronted gun cabinet in his home in Montana for years, a topic of conversation for visitors. He was in the battles of Saipan, Tarawa and Tinian, which chipped away at Japan's control of islands in the Pacific and paved the way for U.S. victory.
In 2012, he was connected to an Oregon-based nonprofit Obon Society that helps U.S. veterans and their descendants return Japanese flags to the families of fallen soldiers. The group's research traced it to the tea-growing village of 2,300 people in central Japan by analyzing family names.
___
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at https://www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Her work can be found at APNews at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
9/11 Memorial and Museum loses $25M in first full year The 9/11 Memorial and Museum's first full year of operation ended in the red, with costs outstripping revenues by $25.2 million, The Post has learned. The private nonprofit foundation, chaired...
Senate votes to override Obama's veto of 9/11 lawsuit bill Congress dealt President Obama a humiliating foreign-policy blow Wednesday — voting to overturn his veto of a bill that would let families of 9/11 victims sue Saudi Arabia for that...
Congress releases classified chapter of 9/11 report about Saudis WASHINGTON — The government has released a once-classified chapter of a congressional report about the 9/11 attacks that questions whether Saudi nationals who were in contact with the hijackers after...
Classified pages on alleged Saudi ties to 9/11 attacks to be released Congress will release classified pages detailing alleged Saudi Arabian government ties to the 9/11 hijackers as early as Friday, a law enforcement source told The Post. The infamous “28 pages”...
I've read the missing pages of the 9/11 report -- you should be able to, too Nearly 15 years after the horrific events of 9/11, President Obama must decide whether to release 28 pages of information withheld as classified from the publicly released report of the...
9/11 families hope report's secret pages will finally give them answers Fifteen years after the attacks that killed her husband, Lorie Van Auken thinks she still hasn't been told the whole truth about 9/11. She wants to know what's in 28...
The establishment is lying about the 9/11 report As the push to declassify the 28 pages implicating the Saudis in 9/11 intensifies, the Washington establishment is circling the wagons around our Saudi “friends.” On Sunday, CIA Director John...
America deserves the truth about the Saudis and 9/11 It's time for President Obama to declassify the 28 sealed pages of the 9/11 Commission Report — the section that details the Saudi role in the attacks. The main noise...
The iconic Spitting Image puppet of Margaret Thatcher will be leaving Grantham Museum on February 17.
But the museum says she will be back in future for a refurbished exhibition.
Museum project director David Burling said the puppet was only on loan for a short time but for ‘environmental reasons' she needs to return ‘home' back to Lincolnshire County Council.
He said: “The puppet is old and delicate. When things reach 30 to 40 years, they need to get back into tip-top condition.”
The county council has a collection of artefacts from the days it used to run the museum, which is then rotated, so she will be back again.
David said many people from around the world had enjoyed seeing the puppet since it arrived in November.
Some had “revisited their childhood” on seeing the puppet, while others enjoyed learning about the 1980s.
He said the puppet divided people as much as our first woman prime minister. Fans of the former Grantham girl tend to hate the puppet, while those who are not fans of the woman, loved it.
Grantham College students have visited and they are to make a video featuring a security guard who worked with the Spitting Image puppets. David said: “They did not know about Spitting Image and its history; they had no idea. Millennials don't really realise the impact of Margaret Thatcher. They recognise her as the first woman PM but not for her legacy. Spitting Image was a reaction to the politics of the time. It defined comedy, with new figures like Harry Enfield, Ian Hislop and Ben Elton.”
Grand Canyon National Park rangers are searching the park's backcountry for a missing California hiker.
Park spokeswoman Emily Davis says air and ground crews are looking for 72-year-old Raafat "Ralph" Amin Nasser-Eddin of Los Angeles along several trails.
Davis says Nasser-Eddin was reported overdue Tuesday evening and that he matches the description of a person reported to park rangers Sunday as being disoriented at a camping area in the canyon.
Davis says a member of the park's search and rescue team unsuccessfully looked for that person Sunday and Monday.
She says Nasser-Eddin had a reservation to stay at Phantom Ranch along the Colorado River at the bottom of the canyon but did not check in.
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding her the symbolic $1 she was countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
By Margaret Matibiri
A Nigerian couple reportedly teamed up with a Bluffhill man and went on shopping spree of expensive phones and groceries using cloned American Visa Cards.
Oluwaseya Ajibala Ogbechi (43), Ruth Ruramai Ogbechi (28) and Olga Tapiwa Tapambwa (29) reportedly duped supermarkets and gadgets shops of groceries and Apple iPhone 7 plus phones worth over $20 000.
The trio appeared before Harare magistrate Ms Barbra Chimboza facing seven counts of fraud which is defined as unauthorised use or possession of credit or debit card.
The trio will appear before the same magistrate today for bail ruling.
Prosecuting, Ms Linda Gadzikwa alleged that on May 8, the trio used a cloned ATM Visa Card belonging to a customer of Chase Bank of the United States of America (USA) to buy groceries worth $5 627.60 at SPAR Supermarket in Ballantyne suburb, Harare.
The court heard that Chase Bank discovered that the card was being fraudulently used in Zimbabwe and alerted the complainant, CABS Bank.
It is alleged that the trio was captured on CCTV camera in the shop while transacting with the Visa Card.
It is the State's case that on April 12, the three accused persons used a cloned ATM Visa Card belonging to a customer of National Association a USA company to transact.
The trio allegedly bought groceries in supermarkets around Harare, and also food at Chang Thai Restaurant all of which was worth $1 349.54.
In total, they spent $21 687.63 The Herald
The BIG3 will bring its unique basketball league to Staples Center on Saturday, Aug. 13.
Fans will get a chance to see many of their favorite ex-NBA stars — including Allen Iverson, Kenyon Martin, Mike Bibby and former Clippers Corey Maggette and Cuttino Mobley — in action during the 3-on-3 setup.
BREAKING: Full BIG3 season schedule and coach pairings now available at: https://t.co/mXV43U7JCI pic.twitter.com/6EveE1Lc8p — BIG3 (@thebig3) April 17, 2017
The league will also make stops in Charlotte, Philadelphia, Tulsa, Nashville, Dallas and Lexington (KY) before holding the championship in Las Vegas on Aug. 26.
The games will be shown on FS1.
“When we created the BIG3, we set out to bring elite basketball talent and highly competitive 3-on-3 action to fans across the country,” said BIG3 President and Commissioner, Roger Mason Jr., in a release on Monday. “We couldn't be more excited to deliver on that promise, and unveil our 2017 season schedule including cities that are home to some of the sport's most diehard fans.”
Strictly Come Dancing star Danny Mac is set to tread the boards in the award-winning musical Sunset Boulevard when it comes to the Edinburgh Playhouse next week.
Danny will play Joe Gillis in the forthcoming UK and Ireland Curve's Production tour of Andrew Lloyd Webber's popular show.
Acclaimed West End singer and actress Ria Jones will play Norma Desmond and the show is being directed by Nikolai Foster.
Sunset Boulevard tells the story of a faded, silent-screen goddess, Norma Desmond, who lives in a fantasy world in her mansion.
Impoverished screenwriter, Joe Gillis, who is on the run from debt collectors, stumbles into her reclusive world.
Persuaded to work on Norma's ‘masterpiece', a film script that she believes will put her back in front of the cameras, he is seduced.
Joe becomes entrapped in a claustrophobic world until he tries to break free.
Most recently Danny captured the nation's hearts on BBC1's Strictly Come Dancing, making it all the way to the final. His musical theatre credits include On The Town, starring as Gabey at Regent's Park Open Air Theatre, as well as Wicked and Legally Blonde.
The former Hollyoaks actor said: “Andrew Lloyd Webber is the biggest musical theatre composer of this century, he is a genius.
“He has done a number of fantastic musicals such as Phantom of the Opera and Cats but I think this is his best work.
“Ria Jones is a class act and it is fantastic to work with her. This production has a youthful energy and a very young cast.
“But the best bit is the band. The score runs from the minute the show opens until the end.”
He continued: “This is probably the best role I've had – it is such a challenge. I love the fact the character of Joe is so flawed.
“When I was younger I never played characters that had gone through so much.
“It has been nice to play a role with so much backstory.”
He added: “The Scottish audiences are fantastic – they really invest. They want to have that escapism so I'm really looking forward to coming to Scotland.”
Sunset Boulevard is on at the Edinburgh Playhouse from October 3 to 7. Tickets are available from www.atgtickets.com/edinburgh.
WASHINGTON — Special counsel Robert Mueller is trying to piece together what happened inside the White House over a critical 18-day period that began when senior officials were told that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by Russia, according to multiple people familiar with the matter.
The questions about what happened between Jan. 26 and Flynn's firing on Feb. 13 appear to relate to possible obstruction of justice by President Donald Trump, say two people familiar with Mueller's investigation into Russia's election meddling and potential collusion with the Trump campaign.
Multiple sources say that during interviews, Mueller's investigators have asked witnesses, including White House Counsel Don McGahn and others who have worked in the West Wing, to go through each day that Flynn remained as national security adviser and describe in detail what they knew was happening inside the White House as it related to Flynn.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Over 18 crucial days, what did Trump know and when? 8:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Some of those interviewed by Mueller's team believe the goal is in part to determine if there was a deliberate effort by President Trump or top officials in the West Wing to cover up the information about Flynn that Sally Yates, then the acting attorney general, conveyed to McGahn on Jan. 26. In addition to Flynn, McGahn is also expected to be critical in federal investigators' attempts to piece together a timeline of those 18 days.
Neither McGahn's lawyer nor the White House responded to requests for comment. A spokesman for the special counsel's office declined to comment.
When did Trump learn Flynn lied to the FBI?
The obstruction of justice question could hinge on when Trump knew about the content of Flynn's conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. during the transition, which were at the crux of Yates's warning, and when the president learned Flynn had lied about those conversations to the FBI, according to two people familiar with the Mueller probe.
Flynn pleaded guilty earlier this month to lying to the FBI on Jan. 24, an interview that took place the day after he was sworn in as national security adviser.
Related: Mueller has enough evidence to bring charges in Flynn investigation
Yates has testified to Congress that she informed McGahn on Jan. 26 that Flynn had not been truthful in statements to senior members of the Trump team, including Vice President Mike Pence, when he said he did not discuss U.S. sanctions with Russia's ambassador, Sergey Kislyak. Yates said Flynn was susceptible to blackmail by the Russians because he had lied about the contents of a phone call with Kislyak.
Flynn's timeline from Dec. 29 to Feb. 13. MSNBC
Trump's legal team and senior White House aides are refusing to say when and how the president first learned that Flynn had lied to the FBI. Yates testified that in her Jan. 26 meeting with McGahn he asked her about the content of Flynn's FBI interview.
"Mr. McGahn asked me how he did and I declined to give him an answer to that," Yates testified in May. She told Congress that it would have been inappropriate for her to tell McGahn whether Flynn had been truthful.
Related: Mike Flynn's son is subject of federal Russia probe
That same day, Jan. 26, McGahn also briefed Trump and some of his senior advisers on his conversation with Yates, according to then-White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer.
"Immediately after the Department of Justice notified the White House counsel of the situation, the White House counsel briefed the president and a small group of senior advisers," Spicer told reporters on Feb. 14.
Two former federal prosecutors who spoke to NBC News on the condition of anonymity said most lawyers in McGahn's position would have immediately gone to Flynn and asked him whether he had lied to the FBI.
Former acting U.S. Attorney General Sally Yates testifies before a Senate Judiciary Committee's subcommittee on Capitol Hill on May 8, 2017. Eric Thayer / Getty Images
President Trump told NBC's Lester Holt in an interview on May 11 that he didn't ask for Flynn's resignation after Yates's warning because once McGahn looked into it, he "came back to me and [it] did not sound like an emergency."
The conversation with Kislyak that Flynn misled Pence and other officials about took place on Dec. 29, the same day the Obama administration announced new sanctions against Russia in retaliation for Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
On Jan. 12, The Washington Post reported that Flynn had spoken on the phone with Kislyak on Dec. 29. The timing of the call raised questions about whether the two had discussed sanctions. Three days after the Post report, Pence publicly said he had been assured by Flynn that sanctions were not discussed.
Other senior Trump officials, including Spicer, also said publicly during the transition that Flynn did not discuss sanctions with Kislyak. Spicer repeated that line from the White House podium on Jan. 23, saying he had asked Flynn about it again the night before.
Don McGahn, general counsel for the Trump transition team, gets into an elevator in the lobby at Trump Tower in New York, on Nov.15, 2016. Drew Angerer / Getty Images
Court documents from Flynn's plea deal show Flynn had discussed sanctions with Kislyak on Dec. 29 in coordination with Trump transition officials. NBC News reported that Flynn spoke with his incoming deputy K.T. McFarland to discuss what to say to Kislyak about the new U.S. sanctions in order to keep Russia from retaliating.
In the second week of February, Flynn again told senior White House officials he had not discussed sanctions with Kislyak. Fresh questions arose at that time because Washington Post reporters had multiple sources saying the two men had discussed sanctions. Under repeated questioning by the senior officials, Flynn shifted his story, according to White House officials familiar with the matter.
Pence said he first learned that Flynn had misled him when the Post story was published on Feb. 9. Four days later, Yates's warning to McGahn became public in another Post story.
Only then, on Feb. 13, did Trump fire Flynn, saying he did so because he had misled Pence.
Sergey Kislyak, right, and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov meets with President Donald Trump at the White House on May 10. Kislyak served as Russia's ambassador to the U.S. until July. Russian Foreign Ministry Photo / via AP, file
Justice Department officials who spoke to NBC News on the condition of anonymity said they had expected the White House to fire Flynn on Jan. 26 upon learning that he had lied to the vice president.
Instead, Trump fired Yates on Jan. 30, citing her refusal to enforce his executive order banning people from seven Muslim-majority countries from travelling to the U.S. Before she left, however, she made available, at McGahn's request, evidence she had that Flynn had not been truthful about his conversations with Kislyak, according to her congressional testimony.
Mueller is trying to determine why Flynn remained in his post for 18 days after Trump learned of Yates' warning, according to two people familiar with the probe. He appears to be interested in whether Trump directed him to lie to senior officials, including Pence, or the FBI, and if so why, the sources said.
If Trump knew his national security adviser lied to the FBI in the early days of his administration it would raise serious questions about why Flynn was not fired until Feb. 13, and whether Trump was attempting to obstruct justice when FBI Director James Comey says the president pressured him to drop his investigation into Flynn. Trump fired Comey on May 9.
Trump denies pressuring Comey to drop the Flynn investigation, and his legal team has disputed any notion of the president obstructing justice.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos listens at left as Deputy National Security Adviser K.T. McFarland speaks at the Women's Empowerment Panel, Wednesday, March 29, 2017, at the White House in Washington. Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
Trump raised new questions about possible obstruction of justice on Dec. 2 when he wrote on Twitter that he fired Flynn because he had lied to Pence and the FBI, suggesting he already knew Flynn was in legal jeopardy for lying to federal investigators at the time he fired Comey.
"I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI," Trump wrote. "He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!"
Trump lawyer John Dowd later took responsibility for the tweet, saying he had drafted it for the White House social media director to post.
During her testimony before a Senate subcommittee in May, Yates testified that she didn't tell McGahn in their Jan. 26 meeting what Flynn told the FBI because that was under investigation. She said, "He asked me how he had done in the interview, and I specifically declined to answer that."
Former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn (C) exits the E. Barrett Prettyman Federal Courthouse on December 1, 2017 in Washington. Michael Reynolds / EPA
Based on Yates's testimony, McGahn's tone appears to have hardened in his second meeting with Yates the following day, Jan. 27, which took place after he spoke with Trump and other advisers. Yates testified that during that Jan. 27 meeting he questioned her about why it mattered if Flynn misled Pence. "Essentially: 'What's it to the Justice Department if one White House official is lying to another?'" she said McGahn asked her.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders has repeatedly referred questions to Dowd about when Trump knew Flynn had lied to the FBI. Dowd has declined multiple requests to answer that question.
Moscow Domodedovo International Airport has received approval to begin constructing a third passenger terminal, T3, which is scheduled to open in 2023.
The new T3 terminal, which is in the design phase, will be 235,475 sq. m and will be able to handle 20.5 million passengers per year. T3 will be built on the western part of the airport in accordance with the “under one roof” airport development concept.
Domodedovo is currently developing the T2 terminal, which is scheduled to be completed in 1Q 2018. The T2 terminal project will cost airport private investors RUB32 billion ($500 million) and is expected to nearly double Domodedovo's existing terminal space, to 500,000 sq m.
When T2 construction is completed, the airport will be able to handle a combined passenger capacity of 55-58 million in the T1 and T2 terminals.
Polina Montag-Girmes Montag.girmes@gmail.com
Frustrated with the result in Bolivia, Brazil head coach Tite still found time to heap praise on Carlos Lampe following his goalkeeping heroics against the South American giants.
Lampe produced a stunning display to thwart World Cup-bound Brazil, who were held to a 0-0 draw in La Paz on Thursday.
The 30-year-old keeper denied Neymar – the world's most expensive footballer – the chance to add to his 52 international goals, while Gabriel Jesus, Willian and Dani Alves were also unable to find a way past the Bolivian.
Speaking after the CONMEBOL clash at Estadio Hernando Siles, which had little impact on the standings with Brazil's position as group winners already confirmed and Bolivia out of the qualifying equation, Tite said: "We must give credit do Lampe, let's be fair.
"There was a moment in the second half when I turned to the stands and clapped, even though I was really angry. I wanted to talk to Lampe.
"I told him: 'Congratulations on your great performance.' Besides the gesture of turning to the crowd and applauding one of his saves, I asked them to feel proud of the team and their goalkeeper by the level of his performance.
"To play here in La Paz and with Bolivia's quality, that's pretty difficult. In terms of strategy, I'm happy because my team had possession and were straight forward at the last third.
"We had matches in which we were less productive than today. I'm happy with the performance but frustrated with the result."
Socialite hot spot Beautique will reopen next year Owner Jon Bakhshi, known as Jon B., now has a new investor in what was the favorite lounge of such unreal housewives as Sonja Morgan, Ramona Singer and Tinsley Mortimer.
'Housewives' hotspot Beautique closes its doors — for now A source close to the venue said that, in spite of the sudden closure, the hotspot is undergoing a renovation.
HIV-positive Charlie Sheen still a hit with the ladies The actor showed up solo at Beautique on Thursday, but ended up leaving with a group of women.
Producer William DeMeo lands in jail for punching club manager The Beautique manager would not let DeMeo back in the club where he was celebrating his birthday.
Actress suing Beautique manager for breaking her nose "I was assaulted, knocked unconscious and bloodied," a teary-eyed La Rivers said at a press conference outside Manhattan Supreme Court Wednesday.
Lisa Vanderpump and husband decline $2K bubbly gift The couple were dining at Beautique when a patron sent over the bottle of bubbly.
Pizza maker has 'flare' for craft, uses solar power for pies When Harlem-based Neapolitan Express launched in 2013 with one natural-gas and electrical-powered food truck, owner Max Crespo was praised by then-Mayor Bloomberg. T. Boone Pickens, whose company Clean Energy Fuels...
When an asteroid hits the middle of the ocean in Hollywood movies, it creates devastating waves that wipe out coastal cities. But new simulations reveal that real asteroids don't make such a splash. That's because the crash releases most of its energy hurling water up into the atmosphere, and very little on making waves.
"The folklore has been that tsunamis from impactors will be the danger," Galen Gisler, who studies the physics of geological processes at Los Alamos National Laboratory, said at the Lunar and Planetary Sciences Conference last month in The Woodlands, Texas. (Gisler also presented the work at the American Geophysical Union's fall meeting in December 2016.) He ran 3D simulations that modeled wave formation from falling rocks of various sizes, as shown in this video, and found that the waves formed by smaller asteroids resemble landslide tsunamis on Earth.
"The splash wave can be very dangerous — out to tens of kilometers — but beyond that, they fall away more sharply," he said.
Splashdown
Earth doesn't drift alone in its orbit. Hundreds of thousands of near-Earth objects (NEOs) dance near its path, most of them rocky material born from ancient asteroid collisions. Once every 10,000 years or so, objects larger than 328 feet (100 meters) are expected to crash into the planet, with potentially devastating effects, according to NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL). With approximately 70 percent of Earth's surface covered with water, the oceans are the most likely landing spots for incoming asteroids.
Asked by NASA to calculate the smallest asteroids that should generate concern, Gisler ran 3D simulations to study the possible effects from an ocean splashdown. Such studies are time-intensive because they require modeling millions of particles, Gisler said; the 11 simulations he ran took him several months. He focused on asteroids with diameters under a third of a mile (500 meters).
Related: 5 Reasons to Care About Asteroids
Such detailed models are necessary to study the possible effects of the asymmetries that arise from an impact, he said. While asteroids can drop straight down into the ocean, they are far more likely to approach the water at an angle. The resulting impact will push more water in front of it than behind, and Gisler wanted to understand how this would affect any wave formation, like a potential tsunami.
It turns out asteroids are terrible at making waves. Gisler found that most of the energy (80 percent) from an impact is spent vaporizing water and forming a crater. The remaining 20 percent throws most of the liquid water up into the atmosphere, where it has the potential to affect weather patterns, he said. He estimated that only a tenth of 1 percent of the kinetic energy from an impact is spent forming waves. Those waves can still be massive, but they break up quickly.
New work suggests that ocean asteroid impacts far from a shoreline are unlikely to travel far. Los Alamos National Lab/Youtube
Gisler found that asteroids approximately 460 feet (140 meters) in size and larger are most likely to cause significant problems. Today, NASA's Center for Near Earth Object Studies is working to identify 90 percent of the NEOs this size and larger, according to JPL; so far, they've spotted just over half of the estimated population.
If the asteroid impact is within 60 miles (100 km) or so of the shore, it can dramatically impact the coast, Gisler said. Larger objects, around 980 feet (300 meters), can create hurricane-force winds and shock waves in the air, as well as localized waves. But if the asteroid splashes down farther from the coast, the massive waves it forms quickly break in the open ocean.
Related: NASA's Bold Plan to Save Earth From Killer Asteroids
"It's very ineffective at actually producing a wave," Gisler said. "The waves don't propagate very well."
In fact, the effect is similar to waves produced by landslides around fjords in Norway and Iceland, he said. When material slides down the mountains and into these long, narrow inlets, they can create massive waves that have a large local effect but don't spread very far. In 1934, one such avalanche dropped enough rock to form waves 203 feet (62 meters) high, destroying several inhabited villages. While these landslides can be devastating for those near them, they pose little danger for those some distance away, Gisler said.
Thus, asteroid impact near the shore can wreak havoc, but the limited reach of those farther out in the ocean should cause far less concern.
"If you're more than 100 kilometers from a shoreline, I would be tempted to say let the thing drop and study it," Gisler said.
Follow Nola Taylor Redd at @NolaTRedd, Facebook, or Google+. Follow us at @Spacedotcom, Facebook, or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
EDITOR'S RECOMMENDATIONS
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
Burnley boss Sean Dyche praises his team for "digging in" and doing the "ugly parts" as they scored a late equaliser against Premier League leaders Manchester City to earn a 1-1 draw at Turf Moor.
MATCH REPORT: Burnley 1-1 Man City
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3rd February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
WASHINGTON – The White House claimed Wednesday that “professional” protesters comprise a “base” of the raucous crowds at town halls run by Republican lawmakers.
“I think some people are clearly upset, but I think there is a bit of professional protester, manufactured base in there,” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday.
“But obviously there are people that are upset, but I also think that when you look at some of these districts … it is not a representation of a member's district.”
With Congress in recess, several GOP members are facing tough and rowdy community meetings around the country.
President Trump sought to downplay the news coverage of the testy exchanges with a tweet Tuesday evening.
“The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!,” he tweeted.
Spicer argued Wednesday that the disgruntled people showing up at town halls don't represent the lawmakers' constituents.
“Just because they're loud doesn't necessarily mean there are many,” Spicer said.
He said people complaining at town halls are “blurring the facts” when expressing fear about losing medical coverage when Obamacare is overhauled.
Spicer said many of those worried about losing Obamacare, are really covered by Medicaid or Medicare or employer-based insurance and have “no problems.”
Spicer said Trump will release his plan to replace Obamacare within a “couple of weeks.”
For those who are worried, the message is “help is on the way,” he said.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has scheduled to visit Darjeeling hills during her 5-day visit to North Bengal, commencing on February 5.
The CM will be arriving at Siliguri on February 5 to inaugurate a “Chatra Yuva Karmashala”, a youth student workshop.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is most likely to stay in the hills from February 6 and 9. CM will attend the programme at Chowrasta on February 6 and also in All Party meeting on February 8.
She last visited Darjeeling on the first week of June and held a Cabinet meeting at Raj Bhawan on June 8.
201 total views, 201 views today
Comments
comments
Paris: The two frontrunners in the French presidential election, far-right leader Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron, were staging rival rallies in Paris Monday, seeking to stay ahead of a fast-chasing pack just days before the vote.
After weeks of twists and turns, the unpredictable race has narrowed dramatically, with surveys suggesting four candidates are in contention to win one of the top two spots in the April 23 vote and progress to the run-off election a fortnight later.
Scandal-hit conservative Francois Fillon and radical leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon are steaming up behind the two frontrunners, and with around one in three of the French electorate still undecided, candidates are scrapping for every vote.
Le Pen and Macron, who have both scored as high as 25 percent in voter surveys, stood at 22 percent in the latest IPSOS poll, while Melenchon has surged to 20 percent and Fillon stands at 19.
Melenchon's late surge — and the possibility he could square off against Le Pen in the May 7 decider — has sparked alarm over the future of the EU, as both candidates advocate withdrawing from the bloc for different reasons.
Outgoing President Francois Hollande weighed in on Saturday, saying Europe has “protected us against war” in the decades since World War II.
“Let us preserve it instead of scapegoating it,” he said at a World War I centenary event in northern France.
Macron plans his biggest rally yet at the Bercy sports and concert hall, a venue with a capacity of 20,000.
The location near the economy ministry serves as a reminder that the relatively inexperienced Macron held the key economy portfolio for two years under his mentor Hollande.
The 39-year-old former Rothschild banker quit the Socialist government last year to form his “En Marche” (“On the Move“) party and launch his bid for power as a candidate “neither of the left nor of the right.”
En Marche says it has planned “1,000 events a day” including 163 public rallies until the official end of campaigning at midnight on Friday.
An aide to Macron said he would use Monday's event to hit back at Le Pen's accusation he is soft on Islamists.
“With Mr.Macron, it would be Islamism on the move,” Le Pen, 48, said on Saturday in response to revelations that one of Macron's top campaigners had criticized the Charlie Hebdo satirical weekly for publishing cartoons of the prophet Mohammed.
Le Pen's own rally will be at the 6,000-capacity Zenith concert hall in northeast Paris, with activists saying they plan protests outside the venue.
A protest is also expected in the southern port of Marseille on Wednesday where Le Pen plans another large rally.
Melenchon, 65, plans a quirky event that will see him board a barge in a northeast suburb of the French capital and float down a canal, making five stops along the way to meet and greet supporters.
The voyage lasting more than five hours will end up at the Francois Mitterrand Library, a nod to the Socialist leader of the 1980s and early 1990s whom Melenchon references frequently in his stump speech as an icon of the left.
The founder of “La France Insoumise” (“Unbowed France“) plans another form of multiple appearances on Tuesday, where he will hold a rally in central Dijon while his hologram will speak for him in six other cities.
For his part Fillon, dogged by a fake jobs scandal that has seen him charged with abuse of public funds, is vowing to pull off a victory that will “surprise the microcosm” arrayed against him.
He believes a small coterie of detractors mounted a campaign to smear him with the revelations that he put his wife Penelope on the public payroll with jobs that earned her hundreds of thousands of euros (dollars).
Fillon, who led the race for weeks before the scandal broke in late January, spent Easter weekend wooing the Catholic and conservative vote.
Conspicuous by his absence at the height of the scandal, the 63-year-old former prime minister has revved up his campaign appearances in the past week.
Paris: The two frontrunners in the French presidential election, far-right leader Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron, were staging rival rallies in Paris Monday, seeking to stay ahead of a fast-chasing pack just days before the vote.
After weeks of twists and turns, the unpredictable race has narrowed dramatically, with surveys suggesting four candidates are in contention to win one of the top two spots in the April 23 vote and progress to the run-off election a fortnight later.
Scandal-hit conservative Francois Fillon and radical leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon are steaming up behind the two frontrunners, and with around one in three of the French electorate still undecided, candidates are scrapping for every vote.
Le Pen and Macron, who have both scored as high as 25 percent in voter surveys, stood at 22 percent in the latest IPSOS poll, while Melenchon has surged to 20 percent and Fillon stands at 19.
Melenchon's late surge — and the possibility he could square off against Le Pen in the May 7 decider — has sparked alarm over the future of the EU, as both candidates advocate withdrawing from the bloc for different reasons.
Outgoing President Francois Hollande weighed in on Saturday, saying Europe has “protected us against war” in the decades since World War II.
“Let us preserve it instead of scapegoating it,” he said at a World War I centenary event in northern France.
Macron plans his biggest rally yet at the Bercy sports and concert hall, a venue with a capacity of 20,000.
The location near the economy ministry serves as a reminder that the relatively inexperienced Macron held the key economy portfolio for two years under his mentor Hollande.
The 39-year-old former Rothschild banker quit the Socialist government last year to form his “En Marche” (“On the Move“) party and launch his bid for power as a candidate “neither of the left nor of the right.”
En Marche says it has planned “1,000 events a day” including 163 public rallies until the official end of campaigning at midnight on Friday.
An aide to Macron said he would use Monday's event to hit back at Le Pen's accusation he is soft on Islamists.
“With Mr.Macron, it would be Islamism on the move,” Le Pen, 48, said on Saturday in response to revelations that one of Macron's top campaigners had criticized the Charlie Hebdo satirical weekly for publishing cartoons of the prophet Mohammed.
Le Pen's own rally will be at the 6,000-capacity Zenith concert hall in northeast Paris, with activists saying they plan protests outside the venue.
A protest is also expected in the southern port of Marseille on Wednesday where Le Pen plans another large rally.
Melenchon, 65, plans a quirky event that will see him board a barge in a northeast suburb of the French capital and float down a canal, making five stops along the way to meet and greet supporters.
The voyage lasting more than five hours will end up at the Francois Mitterrand Library, a nod to the Socialist leader of the 1980s and early 1990s whom Melenchon references frequently in his stump speech as an icon of the left.
The founder of “La France Insoumise” (“Unbowed France“) plans another form of multiple appearances on Tuesday, where he will hold a rally in central Dijon while his hologram will speak for him in six other cities.
For his part Fillon, dogged by a fake jobs scandal that has seen him charged with abuse of public funds, is vowing to pull off a victory that will “surprise the microcosm” arrayed against him.
He believes a small coterie of detractors mounted a campaign to smear him with the revelations that he put his wife Penelope on the public payroll with jobs that earned her hundreds of thousands of euros (dollars).
Fillon, who led the race for weeks before the scandal broke in late January, spent Easter weekend wooing the Catholic and conservative vote.
Conspicuous by his absence at the height of the scandal, the 63-year-old former prime minister has revved up his campaign appearances in the past week.
LAS VEGAS — Two weeks after Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor staged a spectacle, Gennady Golovkin and Saul “Canelo” Alvarez were simply spectacular.
In a fight that lived up to every bit of its hype Alvarez and Golovkin staged a 12-round slugfest that had the sold-out crowd at T-Mobile Arena on his feet for most of the much-anticipated middleweight championship bout.
But the cheers turned to boos when the best fight of year was ruled a draw, leaving just about all 22,358 fans in the building unsatisfied and wanting more.
Judge Adalaide Byrd scored it 118-110 for Alvarez, while Dave Moretti had it 115-113 for Golovkin. Judge Don Trella evened it with a 114-114 draw. The Post also scored it 114-114. The draw allowed Golovkin to retain his championship belts from the WBC, WBA, IBO and IBF.
Though there were boos about the decision, the pay-per-view fight was an excellent test of heart, stamina, and chins. It demands a rematch.
“Of course, I want the rematch,” Golovkin said. “This was a real fight. I still have the belts. I'm still the champion.”
Byrd's scorecard didn't reflect the closeness of the action and is sure to be discussed in the coming weeks. Known for the unpredictability of her scorecards, she amazingly gave Golovkin just two rounds. The bout was close enough to go one or two rounds in either direction but Byrd viewed another fight than what was in the ring.
Golovkin (37-0-1) was a persistent stalker throughout, applying relentless pressure, hoping Alvarez (49-1-1) would wilt. But the Mexican never did, valiantly fighting off the ropes and backing up enough to keep from being damaged.
Neither fighter was down, but each was rocked by hard punches that would have finished most opponents. Alvarez landed several uppercuts that rocked Golovkin's head, while the native of Kazakhstan landed his own crushing blows that have produced 33 knockouts.
Alvarez stayed on the ropes more than expected, something that would have doomed most opponents against Golovkin. But he held his own, countering Golovkin's looping right with uppercuts to the body.
“There were no surprises,” said Abel Sanchez, Golovkin's trainer. “We knew going into this it would be a war. Canelo was very resilient.”
Alvarez had a good game plan. He circled Golovkin early in the fight and scored with a hard left jab. Golovkin tried to corner Alvarez in the later rounds, but couldn't connect with anything hard.
Golovkin began to come forward with more urgency in the middle rounds. Alvarez held up against the relentless pressure, boxing off his back foot and fighting off the ropes. But Golovkin kept coming and kept punching forcing Alvarez to keep up to his incredible pace.
A crunching uppercut by Alvarez failed to slow Golovkin in the seventh. By the later rounds, Golovkin was practically running after Alvarez desperately trying to score a knockout.
But Alvarez proved strong enough and brave enough to hold up to the assault. When the final bell sounded, the two were going toe-to-toe much to the delight of the crowd. Byrd ruined it all with her ridiculous scorecard that only Alvarez would agree with.
“I thought I won the fight,” Alvarez said. “I was superior inside the ring. I won at least seven or eight of the rounds. I was able to counterpunch and even make Gennady Golovkin wobble a couple of times.”
A rematch certainly will be discussed and could be held next May. The contract called for a rematch if Golovkin won, but not if Alvarez won. “It's up to the people if we fight again,” Alvarez said. “I feel frustrated over this draw.”
So was everyone else.
Police need help putting the cuffs on whomever torched a Canadian Red Cross truck. Emergency crews were called to a Cedar Point Drive parking lot around 7:00 Sunday night, arriving to find one vehicle fully engulfed in flame. Another Red Cross vehicle was found to have a broken front driver's side window. Anyone with information is asked to contact Barrie Police Constable Baker at (705)725-7025, ext. 2713 or via email at mbaker@Barriepolice.ca.
In playoffs, fantasy football keeps rolling with daily contests If there is one thing the fantasy football community can consider itself, it is resilient. Just because the NFL regular-season and seasonal fantasy leagues have come to a close, it...
The remarkable comeback of Aaron Rodgers' longtime running mate With all the backstories, developments and injuries in a given week in the NFL, it is tough to know what to look for Sunday: Here are five things to watch:...
Eli Manning a runner-up for an award that has no losers SAN FRANCISCO — As one of the three finalists for the 2015 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year Award, Eli Manning said earlier in the week that there were...
It's all fun and games until you realize who is getting hurt Bill Walton, early this college basketball season, was working a late West Coast telecast when a kid with the ball was blasted, the perpetrator called for a flagrant foul. The...
49ers WRS: We don't fear Seahawks' physical secondary SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The 49ers insist they aren't going to be one of those teams that gripes about the physicality of the Seahawks' secondary. At least that's what they...
Real animosity ratchets up hype for NFC title game SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The matchups from the quarterbacks to the coaches will be discussed ad nauseam in the coming days, and opinions will vary on what strategies should be...
BALTIMORE — The boyfriend of a missing, pregnant Maryland teacher was engaged to another woman and sent text messages using the teacher's identity claiming he wasn't the father of her unborn baby, according to court documents that charge him with murdering her.
One of those texts to Laura Wallen's sister claimed the missing woman's previous boyfriend was the father of her child, an arrest warrant released Thursday alleged. The text misspelled the former boyfriend's first name, which police said added to doubts that the texts were really from Wallen.
Tyler Tessier, 32, was arrested Wednesday evening and charged with first-degree murder in Wallen's death. The high school teacher was four months pregnant, investigators said.
Police found Wallen's remains in a shallow grave in Damascus, Maryland, about 38 miles west of Washington. Police say they are awaiting autopsy results to determine how she was killed.
Wallen's family reported her missing Sept. 5, when she didn't show up for the first day of school. Her car was found Sept. 7 at apartment complex in Howard County, not far from the high school where she taught.
Tessier gave numerous conflicting statements to detectives over the days after Wallen, 31, was reported missing, authorities said.
Wallen's parents spoke at a news conference Monday and announced a $25,000 reward for information on her whereabouts. Tessier sat with the parents, holding their hands, and cried through a brief statement. Manger said Wednesday that Tessler's participation in the news conference had been part of a police plan.
“It was a calculated decision made by detectives to have Tessier attend the event and speak,” Manger said. “It was done with the approval and knowledge of the victim's family.”
Manger said detectives were curious what Tessier would say and how he would say it.
While Wallen was missing, Tessier was seen several times at the site where her body was found, police said. Detectives obtained a search warrant for the property, Manger said, and officers with cadaver dogs found the shallow grave.
Laura Wallen's father, Mark Wallen, said after a bail hearing Thursday for Tessier, that the suspect “is a monster. He's a liar.”
Online court records don't list a lawyer for Tessier, who is being held without bail.
WAKEFIELD TRINITY could face former England and Wigan Warriors star Josh Charnley when they visit Warrington Wolves on Friday.
Charnley, 26, has returned to rugby league after 32 appearances for union side Sale Sharks, alongside former Castleford Tigers winger Denny Solomona.
The winger – who scored 141 tries in 153 Super League games for Wigan – has joined ambitious Warrington on a contract until the end of 2020 and reckons his new club can challenge for a place in the Betfred Super League semi-finals.
“There's a good culture here and I'm looking forward to getting stuck in with the lads and pushing for that top-four spot,” Charnley said.
“There wasn't much persuasion needed.
“I know a few boys here who speak highly of this club so it wasn't a tough decision to put pen to paper.
“I've been out of the game 17 months and I'll be looking to bring some enthusiasm to the boys and bring a bit of pace to the team. I'll try and be a bit physical and try and give the lads a lift.”
Coach Steve Price has yet to reveal whether Charnley is in contention for Friday's game, but said: “Josh is an exciting talent. He's a player who can beat people and break tackles. He has got electric speed and is a fantastic finisher. I feel he can bring something different to what we have at the moment.”
James could be included in Bayern Munich's starting XI when the Bundesliga champion has home advantage in the first leg of the semi-final.
Watch BAYERN MUNICH v REAL MADRID LIVE ONLY on beIN SPORTS
The Colombia international fell down the pecking order during his second season at Madrid, leading to his departure on a two-year loan deal to Bayern, which has the option to make the move permanent.
Left out of its squad for the UEFA Champions League final last year, he now has the chance to knock his parent club out of this season's competition.
Yet Zidane revealed on the eve of the contest that he never wanted the player to leave Spain, while also stating there is no bad blood between the pair despite media speculation to the contrary.
"I didn't want James to go, he decided to go. I never had any problem with James and it's more about what is said in the press," the Frenchman said.
"I think he will be motivated because he is a football player. He doesn't have to prove anything to anyone.
"Anyone that thinks I am against James is wrong.
"He will want to go out and prove himself but because he likes football and that's it."
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of her two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
The toilets of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, are finally safe.
Sheboygan police arrested a 33-year-old man Monday on suspicion that he's the vandal who spent the past two years clogging a public toilet more than two dozen times. Repairing clog after clog has drained thousands in taxpayer funds from the city, which is perched on Lake Michigan north of Milwaukee. Police have not named the suspect.
The Memorial Day arrest came following a tip from a citizen, police said.
The villain's clogging tool was an unconventional one, according to police. He would take a 20-ounce soda bottle and jam it into a women's toilet at the Deland Community Center in the city. Once he'd lodged a bottle deep in the pipes, the vandal would run off — leaving behind a messy surprise for the city to clean up.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In March, the city got desperate enough that police issued a plea for help on Facebook.
“This is very strange … and gross, but that is the reality of life,” the city's police department wrote at the time, begging for leads or tips.
Police said in March that surveillance cameras suggested a man was to blame. Commenters on Facebook said the city should have installed cameras years ago to catch the culprit and avoid paying to clean up after him.
As of March, the serial clogger had struck three times just this year, according to Joe Kerlin, the city's parks and forestry superintendent. But the clogger had been even busier in past years, Kerlin told the Sheboygan Press — blocking the same public women's toilet 14 times in 2017, and 12 the year before.
That substantial tally (29 cloggings — but who's counting?) only includes incidents since the city began keeping track, Kerlin told the newspaper. And it wasn't until halfway into 2016 it dawned on authorities that a serial clogger was on the loose. Kerlin estimated that the city has spent between $2,000 and $3,000 dealing with the clogger's reign of terror.
“A lot of times we can just fish 'em out,” Kerlin told the newspaper, describing the best case scenario. Especially obstinate bottles mean plumbers have to remove the entire toilet.
The case has been passed off to the Sheboygan County District Attorney's Office for charges to be filed, WBAY reports.
(AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth). Brazil's Thiago Silva listens during a press conference in London, Tuesday, May 29, 2018. Brazil will play Croatia in a pre-world cup friendly at Anfield Stadium in Liverpool, England on Sunday.
(AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth). Brazil's Thiago Silva during a soccer team training session in London, Tuesday, May 29, 2018. Brazil will play Croatia in a pre World Cup friendly at Anfield Stadium in Liverpool, England on Sunday.
By MAURICIO SAVARESE
AP Sports Writer
LONDON (AP) - When Thiago Silva moved to Russia more than a decade ago, tuberculosis nearly derailed his career.
This year, the Brazil defender will be back in the country playing at the World Cup.
The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that needed to be checked out. It was found to be tuberculosis, which put him in the hospital for five months. Russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs.
"That would have ended my career, I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said this week at the Brazilian team's training camp in London. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
Silva, who now plays for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil teammate Neymar, never played a match for Dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the last World Cup. In Russia, though, Silva may struggle to find a starting position under coach Tite.
Another PSG player, Marquinhos, and Inter Milan defender Miranda have started most of Brazil's matches in the last two years.
When Silva had his health issues in 2005, it was Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann who stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs.
"I knew Thiago from Brazil, took him to Porto B and approved his transfer to Russia," Wortmann, who is also Brazilian, told The Associated Press.
Silva's mother, Angela, and his wife, Isabelle, also thought the surgery was unnecessary.
"I told them no one would open my husband up and end his dream," Isabelle said. "I am not a doctor, but no one believed he should go through surgery.
"To see him wearing the Brazil shirt is a victory for us all, especially those that know him from those days."
Silva recovered and signed again to play for Wortmann, this time at Brazilian club Fluminense.
"When Thiago arrived I said he would play, be one of the best, go to a World Cup and win it," Wortmann said. "Tite makes the captaincy go around, so we never know who the captain will be. But if Brazil reaches the final and wins it, there is no one better than Thiago to lift it. His perseverance is an example to us all."
Silva is just happy to be part of the team.
"If I get to wear the badge again it will be a great honor," Silva said. "But if I don't I will try to lead in the same way."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
President-elect Donald Trump's team on sharpened their divide with the Obama administration Monday over whether Russia executed several high-profile cyberattacks during the 2016 White House race.
Incoming White House Communications Director Sean Spicer told “Fox & Friends” Monday that “there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence” Moscow was behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer spoke two days after Trump told reporters during his annual New Year's Eve bash that he knows “things that other people don't know” about the intrusions, which targeted the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta.
“Rushing to judgement on stuff like this is not in anybody's best interest,” said Spicer, who claimed that Trump was not disputing statements from U.S. intelligence officers, but was waiting for a final report due later this week that could offer more conclusive evidence.
“Then I think we'll have a better idea of what to make to the situation,” he told Fox.
Several U.S. intelligence agencies have said Russia was behind the hacking and release of emails from the DNC and Podesta. President Obama last week punished Russia for the alleged cyberattacks with sanctions that include the expulsion of 35 diplomats believe to be spies and shuttering Russian compounds in Maryland and New York.
Clinton's team and supporters say the hacked emails contributed to her upset loss to Trump.
Obama says the hacking investigation and sanctions were in the interest of protecting the U.S. election system.
But Spicer has repeatedly suggested over the past 48 hours that the actions by Obama, a Democrat, were politically motivated.
“There is a question about whether there's a political retribution here versus a diplomatic response,” he told ABC on Sunday.
Spicer on Monday also attempted to explain Trump's New Year's Eve comments, saying that Trump is briefed “on a daily basis” by his security team and other members of the intelligence community.
“So he is privy to information that nobody else is,” “Spicer said. “What he's driving at is that there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence.”
He also dismissed a report by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a “how-to” manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
“This report that everyone is taking as gospel is not even final,” Spicer said Monday on NBC's “Today” show.
He also argued, as he did Sunday, that China in 2015 stole sensitive information from millions of Americans, including federal workers, and the White House failed to issue “a single statement.”
The Associated Press reported this week that Trump plans to meet with intelligence officials in coming days to learn more about the allegations against Moscow. On New Year's Eve, Trump said he wants U.S. officials “to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge.” He pointed to intelligence failures over the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq before the U.S. invasion, and declared himself an expert in the area.
“I know a lot about hacking,” he said, “and hacking is a very hard thing to prove, so it could be somebody else.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Barry Manilow postpones shows to rest vocal cords Manilow postponed two concerts in Los Angeles and Chicago on doctor's orders because of sprained vocal cords.
Barry Manilow's late-in-life coming-out experience was 'beautiful' Barry Manilow was touched by the public's reaction to him coming out as gay. The 73-year-old “Copacabana” hitmaker spoke about the positive experience on the red carpet at the BMI...
Barry Manilow: 'I cannot spot a hit song — even if I write it' In 1976, just as his career as a pop superstar was taking off, Barry Manilow moved into an apartment in the San Remo on Central Park West. His neighbor was...
Aretha Franklin battles illness to sing for Clive Davis There are few people that Aretha Franklin would ever bow to, but on Wednesday night, she did exactly that for her mentor Clive Davis at Radio City Music Hall. The...
Why Barry Manilow hid his sexuality for 40 years He said of the clandestine nature of his nearly 40-year romance with Garry Kief, “I'm so private. I always have been.”
Barry Manilow joins concert to help human rights groups Proceeds will benefit the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, Southern Poverty Law Center, National Immigration Law Center and the Sierra Club Foundation.
Inside the Grammy bash that even Kanye 'begged to get in' On Grammy night, the biggest names in music gather at the Staples Center in Los Angeles — but if you look closely, most seem a bit bleary-eyed. That's because they...
Barry Manilow hospitalized for oral surgery complications It's unclear what type of oral surgery he underwent and if he'll attend Monday night's Grammy ceremony.
By Elijah J. Magnier – @ejmalrai
After only two weeks since the beginning of the military operation, jihadists and militants in most of eastern rural Daraa in south Syria have either surrendered or were overwhelmed, the over 70 villages they occupied were liberated by the Syrian Army. Meanwhile, Israel has reduced its requests or conditions pronounced in the last two weeks: from launching threats against the approach of the Syrian Army towards the South, to menaces if Damascus pushes forces beyond the 1974 demarcation line and the disengagement agreement between Syria and Israel. This clearly means all players (the US, Israel, Jordan, Saudi Arabia) have dropped the jihadists and militants they were training and are turning their back on them: they are now on their own.
For over seven years, Israel has invested intelligence, finance, military and medical supplies in these jihadists and their allies. On many occasions, Israel has said it prefers the “Islamic State” to Iranian forces on the borders. Many times, Israel showed images of jihadists – including those fighting under the flag of al-Qaeda – in Israeli hospitals, recovering from wounds inflicted during their clashes with the forces of Damascus. Today, it is clear that Israel's intentions have been defeated when it can announce that for the Syrian army to cross the 1974 disengagement line it means crossing red lines. Israel is crying in the wilderness because the Syrian army has the intention and means to defeat all jihadists and militants who received supplies from foreign countries. It has never crossed Syria's mind to start a new war with Israel before the Syrian territory (in the north) is liberated.
The Syrian allies are participating in the battle of the south of Syria as advisors and with backup (small) units to fill gaps only if the battle becomes critical on this or that front. So far, jihadists and militants are easily defeated and represent little resistance. There is little doubt how ISIS (the “Islamic State”, aka Jaish Khaled Bin al-Waleed), deployed on the 1975 disengagement line, will react because neither the Syrian Army nor Russia are offering a relocation to the terrorist group. Therefore, the only choice ISIS have in south Syria is to fight, surrender or be allowed to cross into Israel, since for years the Israeli Army has been cohabiting with ISIS beautifully. The number of terrorists is estimated at between 1500 and 2000, a relatively small number when we consider that the Syrian Army faced tens of thousands in al-Yarmouk, rural Homs, al-Badiya, Deir-ezzour and Albukamal in the north and north east- and they wiped them out completely.
The Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has disregarded any Israeli threat related to the participation of Iranian advisors and Hezbollah Special forces in the battle of south of Syria. Actually, Russia understands the necessity of the presence of Damascus' allies on the ground, so the operation is fully supported and success is guaranteed. Moreover, Moscow has seen Hezbollah and Iranian advisors pulling out from every single battle when the Syrian army prevails and whenever Damascus considered the area safe enough to take over completely. Therefore, President Putin can guarantee to his US counterpart Donald Trump (and he already did guarantee this to his Israeli visitors last month in Moscow) that no Iranian or Hezbollah advisors shall remain behind on Israeli borders (the wish of the Syrian central government). That was sufficient for Trump to inform Israel that the US has no reasons to believe it is facing any dangerfrom the Syrian Army on its borders.
For almost 45 years, Damascus didn't engage in any serious attack against Israel starting from the 1974 disengagement line bordering the occupied Golan heights. There can be no comparison between the presence of the Syrian regular forces and the presence of the terrorist group, ISIS, on the Israeli occupied Golan heights. In fact, it will be impossible for President Trump to defend Israel's case to protect ISIS – regardless how close the terrorist group and Israel are following years of being “good neighbours” – and attack the Syrian army wishing to recover its own territory and totally eliminate the presence of ISIS from the south of Syria.
What is remaining in the south of Syria is only a tactical battle. It will intensify on one front and will be smooth on the other. The battle is reaching its first objective to clear eastern Daraa, in the coming days, and to secure the Naseeb border crossing between Jordan and Syria that helps both countries to recover some hundreds of millions of dollars yearly from their trade and commerce.
In the second phase, the west of Daraa and Quneitra, the Syrian army will push its forces towards south-west Daraa to clear jihadists standing on the way between the Syrian army and where ISIS is located. There is no specific time allocated for the ending of the battle. Nevertheless, the result of the battle is easily predictable: the Syrian army will regain control of Syrian territory, particularly the city of Daraa where all countries involved in “regime change” (Saudi Arabia, Jordan, the US, the UK, Qatar) initiated their flow of weapons and finance for the south. They have managed to achieve only the destruction of the Levant ($300 billions are needed to rebuild Syria), the death of around 400,000 persons, and millions of displaced persons and refugees.
Proof read by: Maurice Brasher
If you read this reporting and you like it, please don't feel embarrassed to contribute and help fund it for as little as 1 Euro. Your contribution, however small will help ensure its continuity. Thank you.
Share this: Email
Tweet
Print
Pocket
Telegram
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
MINNEAPOLIS — There is a time it will end, when Bill Belichick and Tom Brady will leave the scene, when seemingly every early February showdown designated with Roman numerals does not conclude with another Patriots coronation. Dynasties are rare and special, but they are not forever.
For the eighth time in 17 years, Belichick and Brady command a Super Bowl stage, seeking their sixth Lombardi Trophy, which would tie the Patriots with the Steelers for the most in NFL history. Belichick and Brady are here, again, for the eighth time. No other head coach-quarterback combination has ever been in more than four Super Bowls.
We interrupt this edition of Patriots Digest to confirm New England indeed has an opponent. This time around, playing the role of “the other team'' is the Eagles, representing an often star-crossed franchise that, much to the chagrin of their green-clad Philadelphia zealots, has never won a Super Bowl. The Patriots in this expansive run have taken out the Rams, Panthers, Eagles, Seahawks and Falcons. The only dents in the New England armor were inflicted by the Giants, who beat Belichick and Brady twice, causing a 10-year gap between titles.
The Eagles, in Super Bowl LII at U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday, either will join the Giants as Patriots slayers or else will get dumped in the refuse bin as just another team that could not solve the Belichick-Brady hex.
“No one wants to see the Patriots in the Super Bowl every year,'' Eagles right tackle Lane Johnson said. “It's like watching the same show of ‘Friends' or something every night, watching the same show. People get tired of it, yeah. What are you going to do?''
The only way to cancel this long-running Patriots program is to kill their Super Bowl ratings, something only Tom Coughlin, Eli Manning and the Giants did, not once, but twice. The Patriots are seeking their third Lombardi Trophy in the past four years, which, on its own, qualifies as a dynasty. That the Patriots previously put together a three-in-four-year Super Bowl-winning run is, well, unprecedented, and worthy of best-ever consideration.
Belichick can become the oldest head coach to ever win a Super Bowl, a distinction held by Coughlin, who was 65 when he beat Belichick and the Patriots in Super Bowl XVI. Belichick also is 65, but is four months older than Coughlin was when he won in Indianapolis.
For the Eagles to capture their first Lombardi Trophy, they must rely on Nick Foles, who took over when MVP candidate Carson Wentz tore his ACL on Dec. 10. So, it is a backup quarterback dueling with Brady, set to make his record eighth Super Bowl start.
“I'm really going into uncharted waters,'' Foles said. “I've never been to a Super Bowl game, so to be playing in it, I'm pretty excited.''
Marquee Matchup
Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski vs. Eagles S Malcolm Jenkins
Gronkowski was limited all week in the concussion protocol after a nasty hit by Jaguars safety Barry Church in the AFC title game. It is a good thing Gronk got two weeks to recover, because he is invaluable to what the Patriots do on offense. The two games he missed this season were New England's two lowest-scoring games, and Tom Brady's passer rating is 16.2 points higher with Gronkowski on the field. When healthy, he is virtually impossible to cover, too big for safeties and too fast for most linebackers, which is why Gronk was the Patriots' leading receiver (69 catches for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns). Jenkins was selected for his second Pro Bowl, registering a career-high 119 tackles. He cannot slay the 6-foot-6, 265-pound beast with size — Jenkins is 6-foot and 204 pounds — and thus he must use his instincts and technique to hang with Gronkowski until help arrives. The Eagles will use some bracket coverage, because no one defender can deal with one of the best tight ends in NFL history. “His size is significant,'' Jenkins said.
Four Down
Backup plan: Sometimes a backup quarterback is not really a backup quarterback. Earl Morrall was technically a backup when he won a Super Bowl for the Colts in 1970, but he had previously started in a Super Bowl. Tom Brady was technically a backup in 2001 when he filled in for Drew Bledsoe, but Bledsoe was injured in Week 1. If Nick Foles wants true inspiration, he can reach out to Doug Williams or Jim Plunkett or, better yet, Jeff Hostetler, who took over late in the season for Phil Simms and carried the Giants to victory in 1990. Foles moved in with four games remaining in the regular season after Carson Wentz went down, by now he is acclimated and, in the playoffs, on a major roll — his passer rating in the postseason is 122.1.
“He's 18-5 as a starting quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles since 2013 and we have a lot of confidence in Nick,'' said Howie Roseman, the Eagles executive vice president of football operations.
Nearly unbeata-Bill: Tom Coughlin is 2-0 against Bill Belichick in Super Bowls. The rest of the world is 0-5 in Super Bowls against him. The last two captured by the Patriots were all-time escape jobs, stealing a game on a mindless Seahawks last-second blunder and an epic comeback last year against the crumbling Falcons. The mystique is strong within and around Belichick.
“He does so many great things,'' defensive coordinator Matt Patricia said. “His preparation, his attention to detail, the way he coaches, the way every single day he addresses the areas we have to make sure we handle in order to win, he does an unbelievable job with that.''
Ageless wonder: Day after day this week, Tom Brady was reminded of his age (40) and asked about his retirement, once too often, it appears.
“Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?” Brady said. “I don't get it.”
Do not circle any dates on your calendar. Brady, including the playoffs, has 37 touchdown passes and just eight interceptions. The 12 stitches on his right hand did not deter him in the AFC Championship and now the stitches are out and Eagles beware.
“I'm having fun,” Brady said. “I'm not thinking about retirement. I'm thinking about the Super Bowl.”
Philly fanatics: Asked if he is aware of the heartbreak Eagles fans have endured, defensive end Vinny Curry nearly jumped out of his chair.
“I'm part of the heartbreak, too!'' he said. Curry, in his sixth year with Philadelphia, grew up in Neptune, N.J., a rabid Eagles fan — is there any other kind? The Eagles are 0-2 in Super Bowls and want to give their loyalists something to remember.
“They're going to go balls to the wall,'' Curry said. “They love their Eagles, win, lose or draw. They're going to let us have it, you know, when we're not doing good, and then they're going to love us up, and love us up again even more when we win it.''
Paul's Pick
Given two weeks to prepare, Bill Belichick will find a formula to thwart the Eagles' run-pass options, sucking the life out of backup QB-turned starter Nick Foles' ability to produce enough points. It is Belichick and Brady, yet again. Deal with it.
Patriots 24, Eagles 17
Rangers' Marc Staal comes up big in right-side cameo SAINT PAUL, Minn. — So there was Marc Staal paired with Ryan McDonagh for the seventh straight game, but wait … Staal on the right side? When, he was asked...
Rangers getting back two key offensive pieces After a bit of a wait, it seems the Rangers skaters are getting closer to full health. Forwards Rick Nash and Michael Grabner participated fully in Saturday's practice, and coach...
Rangers put Adam Clendening in his place — and he's not happy TAMPA — Adam Clendening's station with the Rangers could not have been made more clear in light of coach Alain Vigneault's decision to scratch the nominal seventh defenseman in favor...
Embracing young defenseman allows Rangers to fill other void in trade The trade deadline is two days away, the Rangers are attempting to bolster the defense, but unless the price unexpectedly drops so dramatically on Kevin Shattenkirk that St. Louis presents...
Vigneault determined not to tip hand on Rangers' trade deadline It's clear Rangers coach Alain Vigneault has polished his answer concerning Wednesday's 3 p.m. trade deadline, as he rolled out the same sentiment again before his team's 5-2 loss to...
'Everyone' is talking with Rangers about a J.T. Miller trade So it's three well-connected sources within the past three days who have told Slap Shots that when it comes to the Rangers and the trade deadline, “Everyone is asking for...
Rangers find way to answer Devils' late challenge This was about as entertaining and high-octane as it gets these days when the Rangers and Devils meet. The clubs from either side of the Hudson combined for 77 shots...
Alain Vigneault shrugs off Barclays Center ice issues Rangers coach Alain Vigneault is used to dealing with bad ice around the league, so the historically poor conditions at Barclays Center were hardly a new obstacle. As Vigneault's Rangers...
'Bloody footprints everywhere': Business as usual for Rangers “Footprints,” Chris Kreider said, emphasizing the plural. “Bloody footprints, everywhere.” What Kreider was talking about was the scene in the Rangers locker room after the first period of Tuesday's 4-1...
On Father's Day weekend the Royal Armouries museum in Leeds will be playing host to a programme of rootin', tootin', sharpshootin' Wild West activities.
Visitors are invited to mosey on down to the museum where they can get a real insight into life in the American West.
There will be a packed programme of live demonstrations, object handling sessions, museum trails and talks.
The museum will be open from 10 am – 5 pm between 17 – 18 June.
Activities over the weekend include: -A knife-throwing expert demonstrates his skill using different types of weapons; a whip cracking demonstration, drop-in-drawing sessions inspired by the Wild West with materials provided and screenings of classic westerns and all are free.
For more information on the Wild West Weekend, visit:
www.royalarmouries.org.uk
A couple of years ago at a motel in Columbus, Ohio, a young woman shared a bag of heroin with her father. Both of them nodded off. Because she woke up and he did not, she was sentenced to three years in prison for involuntary manslaughter.
That arbitrary outcome encapsulates the senseless cruelty of a strategy that in recent years has gained favor among prosecutors across the country: treating opioid-related deaths as homicides, regardless of intent. The resulting prosecutions not only are manifestly unjust but could make fatal overdoses more likely by discouraging bystanders from seeking help.
A recent New York Times investigation identified more than 1,000 arrests or prosecutions related to accidental opioid deaths in 15 states from 2015 through 2017, a period when the annual number of cases almost doubled. According to a 2017 report from the Drug Policy Alliance, annual press mentions of such prosecutions more than tripled between 2011 and 2016, from 363 to 1,178. DPA found examples in all but four states.
Twenty states have laws that specifically address drug-induced homicide, DPA senior staff attorney Lindsay LaSalle notes in the report, while others “charge the offense of drug delivery resulting in death under various felony-murder, depraved heart or involuntary or voluntary manslaughter laws.”
Possible prison sentences range from two years to life. Under federal law, drug distribution resulting in death or serious injury is punishable by 20 years to life.
Although legislators and prosecutors may portray such cases as a way to punish callous, death-dealing drug traffickers, the defendant is usually someone close to the decedent.
As a practical matter, that makes sense, because the higher up you go in the distribution chain, the harder it is to prove a connection between the defendant and a particular consumer.
The upshot is that a defendant's role in “distributing” a drug may be limited to buying it for someone else, arranging a purchase or sharing a stash. When money changes hands, the dealers are often selling just enough to finance their own habits.
Looking at cases in Pennsylvania during the first half of 2017, the Times found that three-quarters of the defendants were themselves drug users. Last year WITI, the Fox station in Milwaukee, reviewed the 100 most recent prosecutions for drug-induced homicide in Wisconsin and found that “just 11 defendants were higher-level drug dealers,” while the rest were friends, relatives or “low-level street dealers.”
A woman in Minnesota got four years for sharing a fentanyl patch with her fiancé. A New York woman got six years for mailing a friend some heroin at his request while he was on a business trip in Chicago. A Louisiana man got a life sentence for using heroin with his girlfriend.
“Many law-enforcement officers hope that the cases act as a deterrent,” the Times notes.
But it may not be the kind of deterrent they have in mind.
Because prompt medical attention is crucial in saving people from potentially fatal opioid overdoses, 40 states and the District Columbia have enacted “911 Good Samaritan” laws that shield bystanders from some drug-related charges when they call for help. But those laws do not apply to homicide charges.
A 2002 analysis of drug-induced homicide prosecutions in New Jersey found that most of the defendants were friends of the decedents and “in some cases the people who sought emergency care for them.”
A Minnesota woman is serving a six-year prison sentence because she let her husband take methadone prescribed for her, even though she called 911 and tried to save his life. A woman who was charged with drug-induced homicide in Illinois because she helped her husband buy heroin was the person who called 911 when he overdosed.
“The most common reason people cite for not calling 911 in the event of an overdose is fear of police involvement,” DPA's LaSalle notes. “The only behavior that is deterred by drug-induced homicide prosecutions is the seeking of life-saving medical assistance.”
A new contraceptive gel could save men from having a vasectomy, researchers say.
Non-toxic liquid is injected into a tube in the scrotum and blocks sperm leaving the body.
It had fewer complications than a vasectomy, where the sperm-carrying tubes are cut and tied or sealed.
Researchers in California injected Vasalgel, into 16 male rhesus monkeys before returning them to their social group.
They were housed with fertile females for up to two years without any pregnancies.
In a study in rabbits the gel was “flushed out” afterwards, leading to a return of sperm flow.
Future research will probe reversibility in monkeys.
Trials in men are also planned.
Prof Catherine VandeVoort said: “We show Vasalgel placement is safe and produced fewer complications than usually occur with a vasectomy.”
Professor Darren Griffin, from the University of Kent, said: “The prospect of a male contraceptive treatment that is reversible has the potential to revolutionize this field of medicine.
“In the 1960s and 1970s the face of reproduction changed forever with the development of the contraceptive pill.
“The effect, specifically in empowering women to be able to take control of their reproductive lives, impacted on many academic disciplines.
“The prospect of the male equivalent will engage scientists, medics, law and social policymakers, psychologists, anthropologists and philosophers for many years to come.
“The manuscript itself describes the efficacy of a product – essentially a polymer that temporarily blocks the vas deferens.
“The results are convincing in the cohort of Rhesus monkeys on which it was tested.
“When rolling out into humans however I wonder whether its mode of delivery – direct injection into the vas deferens – may prove a barrier to its widespread use.”
The Yankees' decision to let an arbiter decide Dellin Betances' salary for this coming season isn't going to change before the Feb. 17 hearing in St. Petersburg, Fla.
Before filing at $3 million, the Yankees said if they filed they were going to trial with the three-time All-Star, who requested $5 million.
The Orioles said the same when it came to their cases, but that changed when right-hander Kevin Gausman and the Birds settled at $3.45 million for 2017. Gausman asked for $3.55 million and the O's filed at $3.15 million.
The Royals planned to take a similar route with Kelvin Herrera. The right-handed reliever filed at $5.6 million and the club countered at $5.05 million. The sides settled at $5.325 million, the halfway point.
According to general manager Brian Cashman, what other clubs did doesn't influence Betances' case.
“Nothing has changed, we haven't talked,'' Cashman said Monday. “We have no intention of talking. It's not close. Somebody else will make the decision.''
It will be the first time since 2008 the Yankees will go to an arbitration hearing. Then it was with Chien-Ming Wang. After making $489,500 in 2007, when he posted a second straight 19-win season and lost twice to the Indians in the postseason, Wang requested $4.6 million and the Yankees filed at $4 million and won.
Betances has been an All-Star the past three seasons and leads all relievers with 392 strikeouts in that span. Betances, who turns 29 in March, plans on attending the hearing.
In 73 appearances last season, Betances was 3-6 with a 3.08 ERA and fanned 126 in 73 innings.
Yankees ace Masahiro Tanaka checked into the minor league complex in Tampa on Monday and is slated to throw off a mound Wednesday.
Last spring training the Yankees took it slow with Tanaka since he had arthroscopic surgery the previous October to remove a bone spur in his right elbow.
“Last year he had that procedure done, so he's ahead of where he was last year,” Yankees pitching coach Larry Rothschild told the Associated Press on Monday in Tampa. “He's already been on the mound a little bit. Coming in he seems to be in a good place.”
Tanaka, who can opt out of a contract following the season and become a free agent, went 14-4 with a 3.07 ERA in 31 starts last year.
US President Barack Obama has a special message for Chance the Rapper, David Bowie makes a return to Twin Peaks, festival chaos in Finland and London plus Kate Nash marks 10 years in the biz and a new music video from TLC.
Read more by TAPPING HERE.
Report: Lakers likely to trade Lou Williams before deadline
The LA Lakers may soon have to delete “Skip To My Lou” from their iPods.
According to a report by Alex Kennedy of HoopsHype on Tuesday citing an anonymous general manager, the Lakers have shopped guard Lou Williams and “seem likely” to trade him before the February 23 deadline.
Williams, the ex-Sixth Man of the Year, has been a powder keg off the Lakers' bench this season with averages of 18.4 points (tops on the team) and 3.1 assists per game on 44.0 percent from the field and a career-high 38.1 percent from deep. But he only has one more year of team control after this one and probably won't factor into the Lakers' long-term agenda at 30 years old.
There will always be a market for the kind of instant second unit scoring punch that Williams can provide, especially during this time of year. As such, the Lakers would be wise to cash in their chips on the LeSean McCoy antagonizer in order to create more playing time for D'Angelo Russell and Jordan Clarkson as well as to open up a slot ahead of the point-guard heavy 2017 Draft (provided that they can hang onto their top-3 protected pick).
Image via Lou Williams on Instagram
Image source: Getty Images.
Continue Reading Below
2016 was a year in which several major tech trends truly took shape. Areas like virtual reality, self-driving cars, and artificial intelligence matured from seemingly distant concepts into tangible products that will eventually upend the ways people live and work.
Amid all of this excitement, shares of artificial intelligence companies like Apple, Microsoft, and Facebook each outperformed the Nasdaq Composite benchmark in 2016. Not all AI stocks performed as swimmingly, though. Names like Baidu (NASDAQ: BIDU) and Salesforce.com (NYSE: CRM) each handily underperformed the broad market indices last year.
BIDU data by YCharts.
So, what drove the subpar performances at Baidu and Salesforce.com? And more importantly, what does this mean for each of these artificial intelligence stocks heading in 2017?
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
1. Baidu
2016 has been an evolutionary year for Chinese search leader Baidu, one that should ultimately leave the company in a stronger position to grow profits over the long term. Baidu is in the midst of conforming to new, tougher standards for its search results that the Chinese government mandated earlier this year after the death of a Chinese student sparked a national uproar surrounding shady online advertising practices among pseudo-healthcare companies.
This cleaning up of its results means Baidu has had to curtail or cut ties with some former advertising customers, which has crimped sales and profit growth in recent quarters. For example, Baidu's adjusted operating profit fell 12.5% year over year in its most recent quarter. However, making its search results more trustworthy should ultimately benefit Baidu, which remains far and away the most dominant search engine in China.
Beyond the headwinds in its core business depressing results today, Baidu remains squarely focused on dominating the future of the Chinese technology market. The company has moved aggressively into the market for online services, including online restaurant delivery, maps, online video, online travel booking, and more.
The company is also emerging as a leader in developing artificial intelligence software in China and is quickly developing real products and applications around this next wave of technology.Among the many examples are Baidu's AI-powered chatbots that help doctors more effectively diagnose diseases, software to help banks prevent fraud more effectively, and learning algorithms that enable self-driving cars to navigate streets more safely. Helping invents the future involves significant near-term investments from Baidu, and the exact payoff for such efforts isn't certain. However, between the long-term growth potential of its lucrative search business and the chance to dominate several important areas of the future of technology, Baidu's overall outlooks remains quite favorable indeed.
2. Salesforce.com
Salesforce.com's appearance on this list likely has more to do with its heady valuation than any actual issues with its business, which has performed quite nicely over the course of 2016. The company has met or beaten analyst estimates in each of the past four quarters. Its sales are expected to grow more than 20% in its current year and next year. Moreover, Salesforce.com CFO Mark Hawkins has stated his goal of maintaining annual sales growth of at least 20% for years to come, though the overall market for customer relationship management (CRM) software is expected to grow 14% annually through 2020, according to Gartner.
If it maintains its stated growth clip, Salesforce.com will hit CEO Marc Benioff's goal of doubling its revenue some time between 2021 and 2022. Though certainly commendable, there's a fair case to be made that Salesforce.com's stock has gotten ahead of even its CEO's ambitious goals. The company trades at a lofty 53 times next year's estimated earnings per share, more than double the S&P 500‘s lofty 25 timesits current earnings. This can be the headache with investing in growth stocks. Though Salesforce.com helped pioneer cloud-based CRM software and has grown like a weed throughout its history, investor enthusiasm can push its shares to undue heights at times, which can lead to subsequent lulls in its stock price, as I believe 2016 represented for Salesforce.com shares.
10 stocks we like better than Salesforce.com
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now…and Salesforce.com wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016.
Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's Board of Directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple and Baidu. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Baidu, and Facebook. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Salesforce.com. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Jonathan Levin, a popular 31-year-old English teacher, is stabbed and shot to death in his Upper West Side apartment in New York City. The son of Time Warner chairman Gerald Levin, Jonathan was known by many to be wealthy. When he did not show up for work, investigators searched his apartment and found his lifeless body bound to a chair with duct tape. Levin's bankcard was missing from his wallet, and $800 had been removed from his account around the time that he was killed.
Police learned from Levin's answering machine tape that Corey Arthur, a former student in Levin's remedial English class at William H. Taft High School in the Bronx, called Levin on May 30 to arrange a meeting. Apparently, Arthur and his accomplice, Montoun Hart, tortured Levin with a kitchen knife in order to get him to tell them his debit card code. They turned on the vacuum cleaner and stereo to cover up his screams.
Arthur, arrested a week after the murder, first claimed that he had been at Levin's apartmentsmoking crackwhen two other men came in and killed him. However, his story lost its credibility at trial when his fingerprints were found on the duct tape. Even still, Arthur denied being the one who pulled the trigger of the fatal shot.
Arthur was found guilty of second-degree murder and received 25 years to life in prison. Hart, despite his 11-page signed confession, was acquitted after convincing jurors that the confession had been coerced out of him when he was drunk.
Source: www.history.com
Former Liverpool defender and Football Focus pundit Mark Lawrenson believes Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is unlikely to see out the season as reports of a rift with the club's owners persist.
READ MORE: Conte intends to see out remaining 18 months of his contract
Video
A mudslide in Regent, near Sierra Leone's capital Freetown, has buried houses in mud.
Flooding is not unusual in the west African state, where unsafe housing is regularly swept away by heavy rains.
Former Lazard banker Antonio Weiss, who became a key adviser to US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew after opponents fought his nomination to an official post, is running into more resistance...
Six stories in the news for Thursday, May 31
——
CANADA AWAITS U.S. DECISION ON STEEL-ALUMINUM DUTIES
The federal government is waiting to hear from Washington on whether the U.S. will impose punishing duties in steel and aluminum imports. Canada, Mexico and Europe were exempted from those duties when they were first imposed in March but those exemptions expire on Friday. The Associated Press reports that the U.S. is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum, but the new agency's sources did not indicate if Canada would also be hit with the tariffs.
——
DEAL REACHED TO RESTORE CHURCHILL RAIL SERVICE
An agreement in principle has been reached to restore rail service to Churchill and revive the northern Manitoba community's port. The federal government and a consortium of northern communities called One North are among the partners in the project to take over the rail line, which has been out of service since severe flooding last spring. The current owner, Denver-based Omnitrax, has said it cannot afford the tens of millions of dollars in repairs.
——
ONTARIO ELECTION DELAYS PLAN TO ‘TRIAGE' ASYLUM SEEKERS
A plan to “triage” asylum seekers crossing the Canada-U.S. border to move some migrants out of Quebec and into Ontario has stalled because of Ontario's provincial election campaign. Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau says nothing can be finalized until there is a new government in place after the June 7 election.
——
WHAT ABOUT ENERGY EAST?
Federal Conservatives say if Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is willing to save the Trans Mountain pipeline to move oil to the west coast, he should be equally willing to do the same to revive a pipeline to bring oil to the east coast. A day after Ottawa made a $4.5-billion offer to buy Trans Mountain from Kinder Morgan, Conservative Deputy Leader Lisa Raitt questions why Trudeau isn't putting up the same fight to save Energy East.
——
IUDs SHOULD BE CONTRACEPTIVE OF CHOICE FOR TEENS
The Canadian Paediatric Society is recommending teen girls who are considering contraception should look to intrauterine devices as their first-line choice. The CPS, in its first position statement on the issue, says IUDs provide the greatest protection against an unplanned pregnancy. The recommendation is to be released Thursday during the organization's annual meeting in Quebec City.
——
QUEBECER CLIMBS MOUNT LOGAN
A Montreal mountaineer has become the first woman to scale Canada's highest mountain on a solo trek. Monique Richard reached the 5,959-metre peak in Yukon's Kluane National Park about two weeks after beginning the climb. Parks Canada says there is no record in its data stretching back to the late 1800s of any woman reaching the summit in a solo climb.
——
ALSO IN THE NEWS TODAY:
— The Federation of Canadians Municipalities' annual conference begins today at the Halifax Convention Centre.
— Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer will speak to volunteers and supporters in Truro, N.S.
— The Canadian Public Health Association will wrap up its annual Public Health conference in Montreal.
— Statistics Canada data releases today include first-quarter GDP.
— The CRTC will release a digital report on future distribution models for programming in Canada.
— A judge-alone trial begins in Toronto for twice convicted killer Dellen Millard for the alleged murder of his father, Wayne Millard.
— Man in Motion Rick Hansen will receive an honorary doctor of laws degree at the University of Lethbridge's spring convocation.
Adeboye, Oyedepo, Okoh preach peace, obedience
• Mbaka advises Buhari on leadership
The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) Pastor Adejare Adeboye has advocated for good neighbourliness in the nation in the New Year so that the nation would enjoy relative peace.
Adeboye, at the Throne of Grace, RCCG Headquarters, Ebute-Metta for the New Year thanksgiving described 2017 as a year of surprises that God would relocate those that are in the habit of oppressing others.
Adeboye who spoke through the Assistant General Overseer, Admin. & Personnel, Johnson Odesola, said it was high time the government do something to ameliorate the incessant problem in Kaduna bordering on killing and maiming before it escalates to the type of Boko Haram problem the nation is nursing today.
“This was how the problem of Boko Haram started and the government felt it was a small thing until the sect becomes a thorn in the flesh of Nigerians and the nation at large.''
Adeboye also called on the government to carefully address the agitation for the State of Biafra and the destruction being caused by militants in the Niger Delta.
Also, the presiding Bishop of the Living Faith Church Worldwide, David Oyedepo has urged Christians to obey God's word to be successful in the New Year.
Oyedepo at the cross over night service to usher in 2017, said children of God who obey God's commandments succeed in hard times.
“In 2017, the quality of life of any Christian is dependent on the level of his obedience to God.''
The presiding Bishop stated that Christians do not need to make noise to be relevant in the society, adding that they were distinguished by being obedient.
Similarly, the Primate of all Nigeria, (Anglican Communion), Most Rev Nicholas Okoh urged Nigerians to make God their guide in 2017 so that He can take them through all the turbulents the nation might experience this year.
He called on the political leadership to work harder to create employment for the youths warning that there are already signs of bumps and turbulence which has been afflicting the nation.
Meanwhile, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka of the Adoration Ministry in Enugu State has advised President Muhammadu Buhari on leadership in the New Year.
In his New Year message, he advised the president to tackle the challenges facing the country, saying “many Nigerians are suffering.
“Though the President is trying on corruption and security, Nigerians are hungry; they want to see more changes.
“There is the need to assist businessmen and women in their businesses.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sevendust has released a new song called “Dirty,” the first single from the band's forthcoming album, All I See Is War. That track is now available via digital outlets, and is streaming alongside an intense performance video now on YouTube.
Along with the single, Sevendust has also shared the I See Is War track list. The 12-song album will be released on May 11.
All I See Is War is the follow-up to Sevendust's 2015 album Kill the Flaw, which features the Grammy-nominated single “Thank You.”
Sevendust will hit the road on a headlining tour in support of the new album starting in April, and they'll perform at a number of festivals along the way, including Welcome to Rockville, Fort Rock and Rocklahoma.
Here is the I See Is War track list:
“Dirty”
“God Bites His Tongue”
“Medicated”
“Unforgiven”
“Sickness”
“Cheers”
“Risen”
“Moments”
“Not Original”
“Descend”
“Life Deceives You”
“The Truth”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
ST. FRANCIS, Wis. (AP) Milwaukee Bucks big man Thon Maker marked his first postseason game with a block party in familiar surroundings.
The 7-foot-1 rookie wasn't worried about performing under playoff pressure against the Toronto Raptors, even if just a year ago he was a little-known prospect who played prep ball in Ontario.
The Bucks hope the 20-year-old can help the team secure another first-round playoff win on the road when Milwaukee visits the Raptors for Game 2 on Tuesday night.
”I was not nervous at all. I was too hyped for one thing,” Maker said. ”The crowd, the music, the environment – I was very hyped. … The crowd might be against you, but you can use that in a positive way.”
Maker channeled that energy on the defensive end in the third quarter of Game 1 on Saturday, a 97-83 win.
The Bucks were trailing by seven with 10:37 left in the period when Maker recorded the first of two blocks within a three-minute span, including one at point-blank range on driving Raptors star DeMar DeRozan . Maker also hit a 15-foot jumper and got a steal in that span.
His play helped set the tone for the rest of the second half, when the Bucks outscored the Raptors 51-32 to pull away .
The game ”was a special one because it was back in Toronto,” Maker said . ”But it's also more special because it's the playoffs.”
It's been quite the year for Maker, a somewhat surprising selection by the Bucks with the 10th overall pick of the first round in the NBA draft in June. He had spent the previous two years at the Athlete Institute Academy in Mono, Ontario, about 52 miles northwest of Toronto. A native of South Sudan, Maker has also lived in Australia and the United States.
His raw athletic ability and wingspan draw comparisons to teammate Giannis Antetokounmpo, a 6-foot-11 forward who has blossomed into an All-Star in his fourth year in the league.
Antetokounmpo was a raw talent out of Greece when he was taken with the 15th overall pick by the Bucks in the 2013 draft. But Antetokounmpo averaged about 24 minutes in his rookie season in 2013-14 for a team that finished with just 15 wins.
The rebuilding Bucks have more talent now, and they have the luxury of bringing Maker along at a slower pace.
Maker averaged about 10 minutes a game in the regular season, though he started getting more playing time in February, when coach Jason Kidd began using the rookie to start the first and third quarters.
”He's real active, he plays extremely hard. It's contagious what he brings,” said veteran center Greg Monroe, who comes off the bench and typically finishes games for Milwaukee.
Maker is part of a strong rookie class for Milwaukee, which also drafted Malcolm Brogdon in the second round. Brogdon arrived at the Bradley Center looking and sounding like a veteran following a decorated four-year college career at Virginia.
Brogdon established himself as an NBA Rookie of the Year candidate after taking over the point guard job and contributing from the first day of the season. Maker has taken a little more time to develop.
But they're both making important contributions now in the playoffs.
”Look, you don't know what's going to happen with guys. It's a pleasant surprise,” general manager John Hammond said. Maker ”always had that kind of energy, but he was able to focus in and be kind of a real positive factor in the game. You look at Malcolm, we say he doesn't play like a rookie. He plays like more of a seasoned player and he showed that in the game.”
—
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
—
Follow Genaro Armas at: https://twitter.com/GArmasAP
Aaron Rodgers vs. Eli Manning will headline the NFL's wild-card weekend.
Rodgers tossed four touchdown passes to help the Green Bay Packers capture the NFC North title with a 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night. The Packers (10-6) will host the Giants (11-5) next Sunday while the Lions (9-7) visit Seattle (10-5-1) on Saturday night.
New York's 19-10 win at Washington eliminated the Redskins (8-7-1) and allowed the Packers and Lions to secure playoff spots before their game kicked off. But the teams are heading in opposite directions. The Packers have won six in a row while the Lions lost three straight.
Earlier in the day, Matt Ryan and the Atlanta Falcons (11-5) secured a first-round bye with a 38-32 win over New Orleans. The Seahawks beat San Francisco 25-23 and earned the No. 3 seed.
The Cowboys (13-3) already locked up the NFC's No. 1 seed before they played last week.
In the AFC, Tom Brady and the Patriots (14-2) beat Miami 35-14 to secure the No. 1 seed and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs. The Chiefs (12-4) clinched a first-round bye thanks to Denver's win over Oakland coupled with their victory over San Diego.
The Raiders (12-4) fell from No. 2 to the fifth spot and will open the playoffs on the road at Houston (9-7). That matchup could feature rookie quarterback Connor Cook making his first career start for the Raiders after they lost Derek Carr last week and backup Matt McGloin went down in the second quarter against the Broncos.
The Texans also have uncertainty at quarterback. Tom Savage sustained a concussion in a loss at Tennessee and was replaced by former starter Brock Osweiler.
The Steelers (11-5) will host the Dolphins (10-6) in the AFC's other wild-card game.
Here's a look at the playoff teams by seed:
AFC
1. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS: Brady and coach Bill Belichick will begin their quest for a fifth Super Bowl championship against either Houston, Oakland or Miami on Jan. 14 at 8:15 p.m.
2. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS: Coach Andy Reid is 3-0 in divisional playoff games when his team has a bye. All three wins came with the Eagles. The Chiefs open against Pittsburgh, Houston or Oakland on Jan. 15 at 1:05 p.m.
3. PITTSBURGH STEELERS: Ben Roethlisberger, Le'Veon Bell and Antonio Brown had an early bye. They sat out an overtime win over Cleveland in preparation for the Dolphins next Sunday at 1:05 p.m.
4. HOUSTON TEXANS: They need to sort out their quarterback issues before the Raiders visit next Saturday at 4:35 p.m. Oakland beat Houston 27-20 in Mexico City on Nov. 21.
5. OAKLAND RAIDERS: Carr's season-ending injury deflated a team making its first playoff appearance since losing the 2003 Super Bowl to Tampa Bay.
6. MIAMI DOLPHINS: It's unknown whether QB Ryan Tannehill will return from injury when the Dolphins play their first playoff game in eight years. Matt Moore was 2-1 in Tannehill's absence.
NFC
1. DALLAS COWBOYS: Dak Prescott only played two series and Ezekiel Elliott sat out a loss at Philadelphia to get ready for the playoffs. The Cowboys will open against Green Bay, New York or Detroit on Jan. 15 at 4:40 p.m.
2. ATLANTA FALCONS: They will host Seattle, Green Bay or New York on Jan. 14 at 4:35 p.m.
3. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS: Russell Wilson and the Seahawks start their drive for a third NFC championship title in four seasons against the Lions next Saturday at 8:15 p.m.
4. GREEN BAY PACKERS: Rodgers has the Packers riding high into the playoffs. They were a No. 6 seed in 2010 when the last won a Super Bowl. Green Bay plays the Giants in this season's final wild-card game next Sunday at 4:40 p.m.
5. NEW YORK GIANTS: Were locked into the No. 5 seed, but Manning played the entire game and the Giants knocked out the Redskins. Manning has won two playoff games at Lambeau Field, beating Brett Favre and the Packers in a frigid NFC championship game following the 2007 season.
6. DETROIT LIONS: Wilson, Richard Sherman and The 12s stand in the way of Detroit's first playoff win since the 1991 season.
———
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP—NFL
———
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP—RobMaaddi
Suspect arrested for sucker-punching elderly stranger Cops arrested the man who sucker-punched an elderly stranger in an unprovoked attack in Brooklyn — and it's not the first time he's been busted for violence toward women, police...
Rihanna sends Snapchat's stock tumbling over 'slap Rihanna' ad Rihanna called out Snapchat for running a sickening ad that asked users if they “would rather slap Rihanna or punch Chris Brown” — and sent the stock of the app's...
Elderly woman sucker punched in Brooklyn A man sucker-punched an elderly stranger in an unprovoked attack on a Brooklyn street corner, police said on Thursday. The 74-year-old woman was at the intersection of Rockaway Parkway and...
Trey Songz's alleged assault victim speaks out "You know what you did, and you know what you did was wrong," Andrea Buera said in a press conference.
Cop goes easy on teen for hitting him, she brags about hating cops on Facebook This might make NYPD cops think twice about cutting someone a break. A teen slugged a Brooklyn police officer in the face, but the cop took it easy on her...
Tommy Lee says he was assaulted by his adult son Lee also posted a photo of his bloodied, swollen lip, but later deleted the shot.
Trey Songz's alleged assault victim obtains restraining order "There's no excuse for violence against women. It must stop," Lisa Bloom wrote on Twitter.
Austria-based airline Laudamotion is scheduling twice-weekly flights between Paphos and Vienna as from 3 June through to October. The move was welcomed by the Paphos Tourism Development and Promotion Company as important and promising as the Vienna link opens up new destinations for the district. The new route also vindicates efforts to extend the tourist season, penetrate new markets and develop special interest tourism, it added.
The Paphos Tourism Development and Promotion Company will be meeting airline representatives to discuss possible cooperation in marketing and public relations to ensure the success of the route, and its possible extension on a year-round basis.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
1:19 Charlotte protesters chant, march and confront police after no charges filed against officer who killed Keith Lamont Scott
It's a wonder that President Trump devotes so much time to discrediting the press, when the press does so much to discredit itself.
The media's errors over the last week haven't been marginal or coincidental, but involved blockbuster reports on one of the most dominating stories of the last year — Robert Mueller's Russia investigation. And they all slanted one way — namely, toward lurid conclusions about the Trump campaign's alleged collusion with the Russians.
Every media outlet makes mistakes. It's easier than ever to run with fragmentary or dubious information in a frenzied news cycle that never stops.
But underlying the media blunders was an assumption — not based on any evidence we've yet seen — of Trump guilt in the Russia matter. This was news, in other words, too anti-Trump to check.
On the day it broke that Michael Flynn had pled guilty to lying to the FBI, Brian Ross of ABC News had a seemingly epic scoop. He reported that Flynn would testify that Trump directed him to make contact with Russian officials prior to the election. This was the collusion-equivalent of a four-alarm fire.
A New York Times columnist tweeted, “President Pence, here we come.” The stock market dropped several hundred points.
Then, Ross “clarified” the story to say that Trump instructed Flynn to reach out to the Russians after the election. This wasn't a minor detail of chronology; it ripped the heart out of the story. Ross's blockbuster went from a suggestion of collusion to a suggestion of the normal course of business during a presidential transition. ABC suspended Ross for a month.
CNN followed this up with its own botched report on how Don Trump Jr. allegedly got a heads-up e-mail prior to the release of a batch of WikiLeaks e-mails during the campaign. The item rocketed around the Internet — accompanied by explosive imagery — and was repeated by other major news organizations.
The only problem is CNN flubbed the date. The e-mail came after the release of the documents, not before. Once again, supposed evidence of collusion evaporated upon contact with better-informed follow-up reporting. CNN corrected its dispatch and one of its correspondents called the episode “a black eye.”
Around the same time, Bloom­berg reported that Mueller had subpoenaed Trump records from Deutschebank, before clarifying to say that Mueller had subpoenaed people related to Trump, perhaps Paul Manafort.
A Mueller move that would have crossed a Trump “red line” against investigation of his finances — risking a constitutional showdown — had become something more ambiguous.
If the press had less faith that Mueller is on the verge of bringing the Trump presidency to its knees, it might exercise a little more discrimination. When your only frame of reference for the Mueller investigation is Watergate, everything looks like a proverbial smoking gun.
When for professional reasons (the story of the century) and perhaps partisan ones (a hated Republican kicked out of the office) you're rooting for the worst, you let your guard down.
Needless to say, the errors in the Russia reporting are a bonanza for President Trump. The worse the reporting is, the better for his campaign to brand the mainstream media Fake News . He'd be happy if an outlet of the mainstream media tanked the markets with a flagrantly wrong dispatch every day.
It must be galling for journalists that every mistake they make is amplified into a national scandal by the president, while Trump is willfully careless about facts himself. It must be infuriating to be berated as Fake News, when the White House tried to obfuscate the truth about a Don, Jr. meeting with Russians during the campaign, uncovered by good, dogged reporting.
But none of this is going to change. The press can work even harder to exhibit fairness and accuracy under Trump's withering fire. Or it can play to type. The last week is more evidence that it prefers the latter option, to its own institutional detriment.
Twitter: @RichLowry
Rangers' Staal diagnosed with another concussion Marc Staal did indeed sustain a concussion Saturday night, Rangers' coach Alain Vigneault confirmed before his team lost to the Predators, 4-1, Tuesday night at the Garden. This is Staal's...
Rangers aren't the same since Brandon Prust bolted Intellectually and economically, there wasn't any doubt then and there isn't any doubt now the Rangers took the prudent course of action on July 1, 2012, when they did not...
Video
Folk rock band The Legendary Ten Seconds have created no less than five albums dedicated to Richard III.
From ballads to concept tracks to Christmas singles, the band says "there are so many stories to tell".
Mikhail Prokhorov will be spending more time in the US now that he's moved some of his billions from Moscow to Brooklyn.
Kyle Larson (42) passes Martin Truex, Jr. (78) earlier this season to win at Richmond. Both NASCAR Cup Series drivers have enjoyed breakout seasons. Steve Helber AP
The man convicted of killing 6-year-old Etan Patz (AY'-tahn PAYTS') is set to learn his punishment in one of America's most notorious missing-child cases.
Pedro Hernandez's sentencing is set for Tuesday afternoon.
Etan disappeared in 1979 as he walked to his school bus stop in downtown Manhattan. He was among the first missing children pictured on milk cartons, and the anniversary of his May 25 disappearance became National Missing Children's Day.
No trace of him has ever been found.
Hernandez worked at a convenience shop by the bus stop. Now 56, he wasn't a suspect until police got a tip in 2012.
The Maple Shade, New Jersey, man then confessed. His lawyers say he's mentally ill and his admissions were false. The attorneys have vowed to appeal.
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight Pause
2:12 Previewing Carolina Panthers versus Washington on Monday Night Football
1:27 Luke Kuechly talks retirement and Pro Bowl
1:53 Who's left Panthers QB Cam Newton starstruck?
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
Singapore (PRUnderground) March 18th, 2018
The Tapestry Condo Tampines Avenue 10 (Parcel C) in Singapore is a brand new residential development that is all set to be launched by City Developments Limited. The new property is targeted at people who like to invest in an upcoming residential development which can yield them very good returns in the next ten years and is also strategically located with access to schools, hospitals etc. for raising a family at present.
On speaking about the location of the project, a prominent realtor Trisha Conn said “Infrastructure and ease of access play a vital role in the purchase of a residential development. Tampines has an excellent infrastructure. The area has very good shopping malls, restaurants and is well connected by expressways such as the Pan- Island Expressway and Tampines Expressway. The area also has very good public transportation facilities. Hence undoubtedly the new condos by CDL will be in great demand.”
“People do not like to travel long distances to work or get stuck in traffic jams. They like to live in a serene atmosphere which has access to good educational institutions and other communal facilities. Tapestry Condo fits the picture perfectly. This new residential complex by CDL has been developed taking all these parameters and future infrastructure development plans of Government into account “, says a spokesperson associated with City Developments Limited. Tapestry Condo is located very close to some of the prominent shopping malls like Tampines Mall; Century Square and Tampines 1.The region also has 12 primary schools and 9 secondary schools in its vicinity.
Tapestry Condos is also situated close to major parks like the Sunplaza Park and the Tampines Eco Green park. Apart from these two large parks, the area also has many community parks like Tampines North Park, Tampines Leisure Park, Tampines Central Park, Tampines Park, Festival Park, Tampines Green and Tampines Tree Garden. The area thus has no dearth of natural places.”The project is well suited for families with kids as it has good educational institutions, natural places and retail outlets.” adds Trisha from www.the-tapestry.com.sg.
About the Developer
City Developments Limited is a Singapore based real estate company. The company started with humble beginnings and has now emerged as a prominent player in the real estate sector with its presence in 26 countries across the world. It is also one of Singapore's largest companies in terms of market capitalisation.
To enjoy the early privileges for The Tapestry showflat and receive the most updated information, the realtor has issued circular to start registering today itself!
About The Tapestry Condo
About a hundred people gather at Chief Kepuha Park in Hagatna, Guam for a rally for peace Monday, Aug. 14, 2017. The U.S. territory has been the subject of threats from North Korea in its escalating war of words with the U.S. President Donald Trump's administration. Tassanee Vejpongsa AP Photo
During the time I lived in Dallas, a hilarious couple lived next door. The husband, a former airline executive who was already a knobby-kneed octogenarian by the time I met him, was full of corny sayings guaranteed to make me laugh. “Life by the inch is a cinch,” he'd say with a sly grin, as he pulled stray weeds from his otherwise immaculate lawn. “Life by the yard is hard,” he'd summarize, looking serious as a heart attack. He'd always remind me that “You don't ask people in Texas where they're from, because if they're native Texans, they'll proudly tell you. And if they're not, they'll just be embarrassed.” And nearly every day, he'd look skyward and chuckle, “If you don't like the weather right now, wait ten minutes and it will certainly change.”
I'll hijack that last thought now and apply it to, of all things, shopping. It appeared to me that the sun was shining brightly on retail in the US during Thanksgiving weekend, but not all share that view.
Cyber Monday 2017 was the largest online shopping day in US history. The numbers for mobile shopping transactions were huge! A record number of consumers shopped during Thanksgiving Weekend; the National Retail Federation reported that figure at more than 174 million. This was even rosier than the group's pre-holiday prediction that 164 million shoppers would open their wallets over the holiday weekend. Year over year, spending has risen 16%.
Read the entire article here, A Climate of Change: The Retail Industry & Enabling Technology
Via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
The neighboring Koreas technically remain at war after fighting ended with an armistice instead of a peace treaty in 1953.
Moon and his allies are intent on acting as mediators between Pyongyang and Washington, expressing confidence that a meeting between Trump and Kim will happen soon.
“I am 99 percent certain the summit will take place,” said Kim Hong-gul, a political ally of Moon's and the son of former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung, who initiated his country's first rapprochement with North Korea in 2000.
Kim Hong-gul is one of the few South Korean politicians who had met Kim Jong-un prior to last month's Panmunjom summit, and has direct lines of communication with key North Korean leaders.
“I get the feeling that for Kim and Trump, neither side is willing to break the deal. Neither has the guts to do it," Kim Hong-gul told NBC News. "They were just bluffing, very gently compared with the past, to save face because of domestic and international attention and pressure.”
In Trump's case, this "bluffing" involves apocalyptic language which, in the context of a potential nuclear conflict, is alarming.
"You talk about your nuclear capabilities, but ours are so massive and powerful that I pray to God they will never have to be used," Trump wrote to Kim Jong-un in his letter announcing he was canceling the summit.
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong-un. pic.twitter.com/rLwXxBxFKx — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 24, 2018
And should the meeting originally scheduled for June 12 in Singapore end without an agreement, or without a commitment to continue talking, plans for a “limited military strike” may again take front-and-center in U.S. policy toward North Korea.
Although White House administration officials have said they are confident they can carefully calibrate such a strike to ensure it would not spiral into a wider conflict, such an outcome would be far from certain.
“It is far more likely that a U.S. attack on North Korea, no matter how limited, would result in the dissolution of the 1953 armistice and a resumption of war between North Korea and the US-ROK alliance,” retired Air Force Lt. Gen. Jan-Marc Jouas, a former deputy commander of U.S. Forces Korea, wrote in a letter to Congress in November. “An attack by the U.S. on North Korea's strategic nuclear capabilities, which they deem essential to the regime's survival, would most likely be viewed as an existential threat and generate a corresponding response.”
The more than 25 million South Koreans who live in and around Seoul would be put at immediate risk, as would the more than 28,000 American service members based on the Korean Peninsula.
“Unfortunately, North Korean artillery, rockets, and missiles that threaten the capital will take days to eliminate, even under ideal conditions," Jouas added. "During that time an enormous casualty and evacuee crisis will develop."
Jouas predicted that during those crucial days, the U.S. would be faced with having to try to evacuate "over 100,000 noncombatant Americans” alone, without even considering the tens of thousands of combatants and South Korean civilians who would likely die.
Many Korea watchers outside of Seoul remain unconvinced that the summit is well and truly off. Every party involved has a reason to come to the bargaining table, they say.
“It's in North Korea's interest to pursue talks with President Trump — there's the prestige factor, plus the economic benefits and even legitimacy as a member of the international community,” said Soo Kim, a former CIA intelligence analyst who specializes in North Korea.
Soo Kim highlighted that Moon has made North Korea "a legacy priority" for his administration and that Trump holding successful talks with North Korea would be "an achievement no U.S. president has ever attained."
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un abd South Korean President Moon Jae-in met on Saturday. KCNA via KNS / AFP - Getty Images
As officials like National Security Adviser John Bolton and Trump publicly contemplate a military strike, there are downsides to being stuck in the middle between Pyongyang and Washington.
Moon's role as a mediator “carries the risk of being seen as Seoul putting itself halfway between the common enemy” who is threatening both the U.S. and South Korea, with the United States “having put its sons and daughters in harm's way to protect it," according to Bruce Klingner, a senior research fellow for Northeast Asia at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank.
North Korea has said in public statements that it wants an official end to the Korean War. It also wants nothing short of full normalization of relations with the U.S. and to be treated with respect and as an equal in the global arena.
Adam Mount, a senior fellow at the Federation of American Scientists who specializes in nuclear strategy and North Korea, said that for Moon the peace process "stands between his country and a devastating war that could kill hundreds of thousands."
“Moon should not have to choose between his alliance with the United States and peace,” Mount said. “The safety of the South Korean people should be the foremost priority of the Trump administration, because our ally's security is inextricably linked to our own.”
But if a bilateral meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un does take place, Moon may be left as a virtual bystander while the two leaders take matters into their own hands.
Victor Cha, former director of Northeast Asian affairs at the National Security Council, said that the potential Singapore summit would only be the beginning. It's what happens there that really matters.
“We're all focused on the roller coaster. But in terms of the substance, the key issue is: Are they going to give up their nuclear weapons? And I think unfortunately, the answer is no,” Cha told "Meet the Press" on Sunday. “Do they want a peace treaty, the North Koreans? Absolutely. And they want a peace treaty because it validates them as a nuclear weapon state. It ensures that Trump won't attack."
Two months after he was indefinitely suspended for violating the substance abuse policy, Spencer Gallagher was reinstated Wednesday by NASCAR.
A notice posted to NASCAR's media website at 2 p.m. on a national holiday announced that the GMS Racing driver had completed NASCAR's Road to Recovery program that is necessary to be considered for reinstatement.
Gallagher had been suspended since May 2 when NASCAR announced the driver was found to have violated its substance abuse policy a day earlier, three days after he won at Talladega Superspeedway for the first Xfinity Series win of his career.
GMS Racing announced Gallagher will return to the No. 23 Chevrolet next weekend at Kentucky Speedway.
“The whole GMS organization is very proud of Spencer (Gallagher) for getting reinstated after completing NASCAR's Road to Recovery program after the results we received post-Talladega,” GMS Racing president Mike Beam said in a release. “Spencer will return to the No. 23 at Kentucky Speedway and then again after our agreed contracts are fulfilled.”
Chase Elliott will be driving the No. 23 in Friday's Coca-Cola 250 Xfinity race at Daytona.
Elliott, Johnny Sauter, Justin Haley and Alex Bowman have split driving the No. 23 in the six races since Gallagher was sidelined.
Despite his victory, Gallagher is ineligible for the Xfinity Series playoffs because he hasn't attempted to start every race this season.
In announcing substance abuse violations, NASCAR doesn't disclose details, and Gallagher hasn't revealed what caused his positive test.
In his only public comments about the violation, Gallagher said in a May 2 statement that “I recently have had a positive result in a NASCAR drug screen which has violated NASCAR's substance abuse policy.
“I want to assure everyone in the NASCAR community this one-time error in judgment will never happen again. … I would like to say that I am sorry to all of the GMS organization for my actions, especially my team and team owner, who have worked so hard this year and have put faith in me. I also want to apologize to NASCAR, Chevrolet and my fans for letting them down. I have not upheld the behavior that is expected of me. I promise you all here and know, I will do whatever it takes to make this right.”
Gallagher declined to comment to NBC Sports.com during a May 7 test at Charlotte Motor Speedway that he left after learning he wasn't permitted to attend because of his suspension.
Josh Folck | For lehighvalleylive.com
Some upsets this week have changed up the girls basketball rankings.
There's a new No. 1 and a new entrant in the Top 10.
Scroll down to see the latest rankings.
Miley, we get it: You like marijuana. The pop star's performance as host of the MTV Video Music Awards went up in smoke Sunday night, as the 22-year-old spent three...
The Governor says he was close with the two Virginia State Troopers who died over the weekend in a helicopter crash responding to violence in Charlottesville. More from WLNI's Ian Price:
“Can you hear me?” Fedorovacz/Shutterstock Pause before speaking if a caller starts by asking, “Can you hear me?” Scammers are looking for a specific answer, says Eva Velasquez, CEO and president of Identity Theft Resource Center. “By getting you to answer ‘yes' to that one question at the very beginning of the call—as opposed to somewhere in the middle of the conversation, where dubbing would be more obvious—scammers can record your affirmative answer,” she says. They can use that recording to claim you agreed to pay for some scam program. Even if it looks like the call is from someone you know, rephrase your answer to “I hear you just fine” to be safe, suggests Velasquez. Pause before speaking if a caller starts by asking, “Can you hear me?” Scammers are looking for a specific answer, says Eva Velasquez, CEO and president of Identity Theft Resource Center. “By getting you to answer ‘yes' to that one question at the very beginning of the call—as opposed to somewhere in the middle of the conversation, where dubbing would be more obvious—scammers can record your affirmative answer,” she says. They can use that recording to claim you agreed to pay for some scam program. Even if it looks like the call is from someone you know, rephrase your answer to “I hear you just fine” to be safe, suggests Velasquez.
IRS impersonators MemoryMan/Shutterstock Don't freak out if someone claiming to be from the IRS calls to collect money. Scammers use fear tactics and threaten to send the police if you don't pay up immediately, but don't fall for it. “The only way the IRS will get in touch with you is in the mail, on official letterhead,” says Don't freak out if someone claiming to be from the IRS calls to collect money. Scammers use fear tactics and threaten to send the police if you don't pay up immediately, but don't fall for it. “The only way the IRS will get in touch with you is in the mail, on official letterhead,” says cybersecurity expert John Sileo. Even if the callers don't ask for money, they could prey on your information by ask you to verify your identity. They might quote information you'd think only the IRS could know, like what you paid in taxes last year, but that doesn't mean you can trust them with your Social Security number. Hang up and call a phone number you can verify online, says Sileo.
Bank calls Anton-Violin/Shutterstock The IRS will never call, but your bank might, which makes it harder to figure out if it's the real deal. Plus, it makes sense that your bank would need to confirm your identity to protect your account. If your bank calls and asks you to confirm if transactions are legitimate, feel free to give a yes or no. But don't give up any more information than that, says Adam Levin, founder of global identity protection and data risk services firm CyberScout and author of Swiped: How to Protect Yourself in a World Full of Scammers, Phishers, and Identity Thieves. Some scammers rattle off your credit card number and expiration date, then ask you to say your security code as confirmation, he says. Others will claim they froze your credit card because you might be a fraud victim, then ask for your Social Security number. Only give that kind of information out if you made the call—and don't just use the number that contacted you. “Flip your credit card or debit card over, look at the number, call customer service and ask if you guys just called me,” says Levin. “They have on the computer if they did or didn't.” The IRS will never call, but your bank might, which makes it harder to figure out if it's the real deal. Plus, it makes sense that your bank would need to confirm your identity to protect your account. If your bank calls and asks you to confirm if transactions are legitimate, feel free to give a yes or no. But don't give up any more information than that, says Adam Levin, founder of global identity protection and data risk services firm CyberScout and author of Swiped: How to Protect Yourself in a World Full of Scammers, Phishers, and Identity Thieves. Some scammers rattle off your credit card number and expiration date, then ask you to say your security code as confirmation, he says. Others will claim they froze your credit card because you might be a fraud victim, then ask for your Social Security number. Only give that kind of information out if you made the call—and don't just use the number that contacted you. “Flip your credit card or debit card over, look at the number, call customer service and ask if you guys just called me,” says Levin. “They have on the computer if they did or didn't.”
Content continues below ad
One ring Africa-Studio/Shutterstock Ever rush to answer your phone, only to realize the caller hung up after one ring? Don't let the curiosity get the best of you and call back, even if the number looks familiar. Robo calls can spoof local area codes or names of specific banks and other organizations. Calling back verifies your number belongs to a real person, plus shows you're the type of person who will return a call from an unknown number, says Velasquez. Now you're at risk for scammers to call back another time, she says. Even if a real person does answer, keep your wits about you, says Sileo. “What they've done is reversed the trust principle,” he says. “When they're calling you, you have that natural inclination not to trust. When you're calling them, you're taking action.” You forget why you called in the first place, so you're more likely to fall for scam questions asking for information or money, he says. (Learn more Ever rush to answer your phone, only to realize the caller hung up after one ring? Don't let the curiosity get the best of you and call back, even if the number looks familiar. Robo calls can spoof local area codes or names of specific banks and other organizations. Calling back verifies your number belongs to a real person, plus shows you're the type of person who will return a call from an unknown number, says Velasquez. Now you're at risk for scammers to call back another time, she says. Even if a real person does answer, keep your wits about you, says Sileo. “What they've done is reversed the trust principle,” he says. “When they're calling you, you have that natural inclination not to trust. When you're calling them, you're taking action.” You forget why you called in the first place, so you're more likely to fall for scam questions asking for information or money, he says. (Learn more ways con artists win your trust .) And that call back could cost you, even if they don't ask for anything. You might be calling a 900 number—often a sex line—that could charge you $17 for the first minute and $9 more per minute after that, says Levin. Let any unknown number go straight to voicemail, he says. If it's important, the caller will leave a message.
Virtual kidnapping andriano.cz/Shutterstock A call from a kidnapper who supposedly has a loved one is horrifying, but stay calm. Sounds heartless, but don't jump to give ransom, even if you hear screams in the background. It could be a scammer preying on your fear. First try to contact your loved one, who hopefully will answer the phone. Be extra skeptical if the kidnapper tries to keep you on the line to make sure you've got the cash. “Rule of thumb with kidnappers is they get off the phone as quickly as possible,” says Levin. “Any who wants to stay on the phone with you through the process is not a kidnapper—they're a scammer.” A call from a kidnapper who supposedly has a loved one is horrifying, but stay calm. Sounds heartless, but don't jump to give ransom, even if you hear screams in the background. It could be a scammer preying on your fear. First try to contact your loved one, who hopefully will answer the phone. Be extra skeptical if the kidnapper tries to keep you on the line to make sure you've got the cash. “Rule of thumb with kidnappers is they get off the phone as quickly as possible,” says Levin. “Any who wants to stay on the phone with you through the process is not a kidnapper—they're a scammer.”
Tech support sergey-causelove/Shutterstock If someone claiming to be from Microsoft, Apple, or another tech company calls to ask if you've had computer problems, just say no and hang up. “No one is ‘watching' your computer for signs of a virus,” says Velasquez. Those scammers won't fix the problem—they'll make it worse by installing malware, says Sileo. What's worse, you might not connect those later problems to that scam call. The fake tech support put it in your head that your computer is slow, so you might think it's normal when you notice it's lagging later on, he says. Find out how If someone claiming to be from Microsoft, Apple, or another tech company calls to ask if you've had computer problems, just say no and hang up. “No one is ‘watching' your computer for signs of a virus,” says Velasquez. Those scammers won't fix the problem—they'll make it worse by installing malware, says Sileo. What's worse, you might not connect those later problems to that scam call. The fake tech support put it in your head that your computer is slow, so you might think it's normal when you notice it's lagging later on, he says. Find out how fake apps could be stealing your data
Content continues below ad
Grandparent scam Red-pepper/Shutterstock Scammers sometimes target elderly people, pretending to be a grandchild. On a crackly line, they'll say they're in trouble—maybe they lost their wallet in a foreign country—and need you to send money, says Levin. Unless you can confirm it's actually a relative, don't give any money. “If you are truly concerned, gather the appropriate information from the scammers and hang up,” says Velasquez. “Confirm your grandchild's safety before doing anything else.” Learn more about Scammers sometimes target elderly people, pretending to be a grandchild. On a crackly line, they'll say they're in trouble—maybe they lost their wallet in a foreign country—and need you to send money, says Levin. Unless you can confirm it's actually a relative, don't give any money. “If you are truly concerned, gather the appropriate information from the scammers and hang up,” says Velasquez. “Confirm your grandchild's safety before doing anything else.” Learn more about protecting an older loved one from a money scam
Lucky winner icemanphotos/Shutterstock Congrats, you just won a million dollars! If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. That big cash prize or amazing vacation sounds too tempting to ignore, but real contests only enter you if you ask. “In a legitimate lottery or sweepstakes, you have to enter the contest somehow,” says Velasquez. “If you ever ‘win' a prize that you didn't enter—especially one with a prize worth million of dollars—you're probably being scammed.” Even if you did enter the lottery, don't trust a supposed tax collector. You would need to pay taxes on your winnings eventually, but never before you receive the money, says Velasquez. Congrats, you just won a million dollars! If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. That big cash prize or amazing vacation sounds too tempting to ignore, but real contests only enter you if you ask. “In a legitimate lottery or sweepstakes, you have to enter the contest somehow,” says Velasquez. “If you ever ‘win' a prize that you didn't enter—especially one with a prize worth million of dollars—you're probably being scammed.” Even if you did enter the lottery, don't trust a supposed tax collector. You would need to pay taxes on your winnings eventually, but never before you receive the money, says Velasquez.
Donation collections GOLFX/Shutterstock When charities, political parties, and lobbyists request donations over the phone, show some healthy skepticism. “Some will be legitimate. Many will not,” says Levin. “Risk being rude and saying you will call back, or say ‘Then send me something. I want to read about it.'” If it is a cause you care about, do a little digging online to figure out if it's a real charity or the actual political party. Even legitimate charities might not live up to their good-deed claims though. Verify from a third party like charitynavigator.org, which rates organizations on factors like how much of each donation goes to the cause vs. administrative costs, suggests Levin. Read more about When charities, political parties, and lobbyists request donations over the phone, show some healthy skepticism. “Some will be legitimate. Many will not,” says Levin. “Risk being rude and saying you will call back, or say ‘Then send me something. I want to read about it.'” If it is a cause you care about, do a little digging online to figure out if it's a real charity or the actual political party. Even legitimate charities might not live up to their good-deed claims though. Verify from a third party like charitynavigator.org, which rates organizations on factors like how much of each donation goes to the cause vs. administrative costs, suggests Levin. Read more about what to know before donating money
Content continues below ad
Image copyright AVRLondon/Mayor of London Image caption The plans were for the area from Oxford Circus to near Selfridges to become traffic-free
Oxford Street is the busiest shopping street in Europe but it is highly polluted and one of the most dangerous in London.
Pedestrianising is also what I'll call a "pipe dream policy".
Everyone talks about it but it never happens and is just a pipe dream.
(Also note road tunnels under Park Lane, bike lanes above rail lines and driverless Tube trains).
Improving the street is a conundrum that has dragged on for years.
The key point is that the road is owned by Westminster Council so, any improvements must be done with its approval.
The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan had a grand plan to pedestrianise it and, perhaps fatally, outlined it in his election manifesto.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Pedestrianising Oxford Street was among Sadiq Khan's key election pledges before he became mayor in 2016
Transport and politics can make uneasy bedfellows. (see: criticism around New Routemasters).
In his manifesto he said he would "restore London's air quality to legal and safe levels, with action to make travel greener and pedestrianise Oxford Street, while protecting the green belt". Now that plan is dead as Westminster pulled the plug.
Transport for London (TfL) had spent more than £8m on developing the plan and City Hall was left fuming as one of the Mayor's legacies was trounced.
Westminster had reacted to opposition from some residents and businesses who feared traffic would be displaced from Oxford Street into surrounding roads.
Politics came into play as the council changed its position in the run-up to the local elections.
And now it seems the temperature around this issue is increasing and the key relation between Westminster and City Hall is at best strained.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Traffic-free shopping days have been a feature of Oxford Street since 2005
The Mayor has written to Westminster Council and told it TfL funding won't be forthcoming unless its new plan mitigates against pollution, crowding and road danger.
The project was due to cost £60m with TfL presumably contributing a large part.
Westminster also wanted to use £400,000 of TfL Local Implementation Plan funding (LIP) to do another draft strategy. The Mayor says Westminster can't use it for that as it already has a strategy.
So what now? In his letter the Mayor points out that with the opening of Crossrail there will be 70,000 more entries and exits every day at Bond Street Tube station alone.
Surely keeping the status quo on Oxford Street is not possible?
Will Westminster listen to the Mayor? It seems unlikely.
Does that mean nothing will change on Oxford Street? What all of this shows is that for transport projects to progress they need consensus.
It also shows the limitations of mayoral power.
Perhaps the Mayor overstretched himself politically when he made those promises.
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). The Blackstone Hotel sits on Michigan Avenue across the street from Chicago's Grant Park on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Stephen Paddock, opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday, Oct. 1, killing dozens ...
(AP Photo/Teresa Crawford). Chicago Police Bureau of Organized Crime Chief Anthony Riccio speaks at a news conference accompanied by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Riccio says there will be "significantly" more undercover offic...
(AP Photo/John Locher). The marquee at the W Hotel shows a sign for the victims of a mass shooting on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Stephen Paddock opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Sherri Camperchioli helps set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday ...
(Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP). This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundre...
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas (all times local):
10:20 a.m.
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition a month ago from a private seller he met at a Phoenix gun show.
The official says investigators searching the hotel room Paddock used as a sniper's perch found tracer rounds and a document with the name of the Mesa, Arizona, man who sold him the ammunition.
The official is involved in the shooting investigation and spoke anonymously because the official was not authorized to disclose case information.
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The official says Paddock met the man in Phoenix on Sept. 9 and 10 and that the sale took place at the man's Mesa home.
The tracer ammunition that Paddock bought were .308-caliber and .223-caliber rounds.
The official did not know whether Paddock used tracer rounds during the attack.
The official declined to identify the seller.
___
9:30 a.m.
Some New York state lawmakers want to make it illegal in the state to buy, sell or possess devices known as bump stocks that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic the rapid fire of automatic weapons.
Authorities found 12 of the devices fitted to guns in the hotel room of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
It is illegal to use bump stocks in New York state but a loophole in the law makes it legal to buy, sell or possess the devices.
Legislation introduced this week would immediately ban bump stock sales and prohibit possession of them over time.
Democratic Assemblywoman Pat Fahy of Albany says it's illogical to allow the sale and possession of a device that cannot be used legally.
The bill has bipartisan support. Lawmakers will reconvene in Albany in January.
___
7:15 a.m.
Boston Police Commissioner William Evans says authorities will step up security for concerts and sporting events in the city following the shooting in Las Vegas.
Officials have said there is no credible threat to Boston.
But Evans said the FBI told him Wednesday that agents turned up evidence that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock researched sites in and around Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts.
The Red Sox have said they're working with officials to beef up security.
Evans said security would be boosted for events including a Bruno Mars concert, a City Hall Plaza concert, road races and Red Sox games.
He says police also plan to meet with hotel officials in coming days to discuss ways for them to increase security.
___
12:13 a.m.
Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend Marilou Danley.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man. ABC says she lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen, Danley was entitled to consular assistance.
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley's time or citizenship in Australia.
Colvin says the Australian authorities are "working very closely with our partners in the U.S."
Australia's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware she is "a person of interest" and described her case as "a matter for U.S. law enforcement."
___
12:01 a.m.
Investigators are probing the Las Vegas gunman's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
They say Stephen Paddock rented rooms in high-rises overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and over the Life is Beautiful festival near the Vegas Strip in September. Boston police say Fenway Park has come up in the investigation, but didn't elaborate.
On Thursday night, thousands gathered in Las Vegas to honor one of the victims who was killed, Officer Charleston Hartfield.
Hartfield was also a husband and father of two, and an Iraq War veteran.
His friend Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd Hartfield was "the greatest American I have ever known."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Video
Stuart Gumm had a serious mental breakdown about four years ago.
Diagnosed with anxiety and depression, he often suffers panic attacks, no longer drives, and rarely leaves the house.
The 52-year-old from Talywain near Pontypool, in Torfaen, said the care provided by his 12-year-old son Carwyn has saved his life.
Turkey's state-run news agency says police have detained eight people in connection with the Istanbul nightclub attack.
Anadolu Agency says that the eight have been taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters.
The gunman, who escaped after carrying out the attack, wasn't among the eight.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed 39 people, most of them foreigners.
Alicia Vikander's “Tomb Raider” ruled the international box office with $84.5 million at 32,685 screens in 65 markets, led by a solid $41.1 million opening in China.
Warner Bros. reported that “Tomb Raider” took in nearly 50% of the box office among the top five films in China, where the action-adventure played on 15,500 screens, and notched the studio's seventh-highest opening weekend in that market. The figure was on par with the openings for “Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle” and “Wonder Woman.”
Disney-Marvel's “Black Panther,” which opened with a leading $66 million in China last weekend, saw its grosses plunge to $12 million in that market. The superhero saga has totaled $96 million in its first 10 days in China, the leading international market, followed by $59.5 million in the U.K. and $42.7 million in South Korea.
“Black Panther” took in a total of $30 million internationally to push its international take to $577 million — making it the fifth highest title in the Marvel Cinematic Universe by that measure. It's also now the 14th-highest film in worldwide grosses at $1.182 billion, passing both “Captain America: Civil War” and “Minions.”
“Tomb Raider” came in first place in Europe, nearly doubling the opening results of “Red Sparrow.” Russia generated the top figure with $4.4 million at a 50% share of the top five films, followed by the U.K. with $4.2 million on 1,089 screens, France with $3.2 million at 553 screens and Germany and Mexico with $2.2 million each. The film opened in nine markets last weekend and has an international total of $102 million.
“Tomb Raider,” a reboot of the Lara Croft franchise and based on a 2013 version of the cideo game, centers on Vikander's character unraveling the mystery behind her father's disappearance. It's directed by Roar Uthaug and written by Geneva Robertson-Dworet and Alastair Siddons, from a story by Evan Daugherty and Robertson-Dworet. It also stars Walton Goggins and Dominic West. Graham King is the producer; production companies are Warner Bros., MGM, GK Films and Square Enix.
More to come
Related stories
Box Office: 'Black Panther' Rules 'Tomb Raider' to Claim Fifth Top Weekend
'Pacific Rim Uprising': Box Office Monster or Meh?
'Black Panther' Set to Beat 'Tomb Raider' in Rare Box Office Five-Peat
Subscribe to Variety Newsletters and Email Alerts!
Bill Cartwright: Cut the triangle talk, defense is Knicks' problem Bill Cartwright, who won three championships playing for Phil Jackson in Chicago, cannot understand all the talk about the Knicks and the triangle offense. Cartwright said he believes the focus...
Who are the Knicks' coaching options now? With Steve Kerr out of the running, here's a look at potential candidates for the Knicks' head-coaching vacancy: Phil Jackson: The Knicks team president has battled knee problems, but fiancée...
Yesterday Barrie Mayor Jeff Lehman showed off some pictures showing the results of the on-going waterfront construction that has dominated Lakeshore since the winter…
With Barrie's first official in water boat show this weekend..
Barrie will be home to Ontario's first splash on water park debuting on June 24th…
Don't forget about the Canadian Forces Snowbirds who will put on an amazing display over Kempenfelt Bay on June 28th headed into the Promenade Days Festival and Canada 150 celebration.
One accuser, Lucia Evans, says Weinstein forced her to perform oral sex after luring her to his Tribeca office for a meeting in 2004. The other woman, who has not been publicly identified, alleges that Weinstein raped her in 2013 at a Manhattan hotel.
Vance said the investigation against Weinstein, who has been accused of a range of sexual misconduct by other women, is ongoing and urged any victims to contact prosecutors.
One of his accusers, actress Rose McGowan, tweeted a message of support to the two women at the center of the Manhattan case.
Weinstein's indictment was announced a few hours after the 2 p.m. deadline for him to testify before the grand jury came and went. Brafman announced in the morning that his client would not appear because he didn't have enough time or information about the allegations to prep him.
"Our request for a postponement of his appearance before the grand jury was denied," said Brafman, adding that he was "unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend [Weinstein] before the grand jury."
"Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement from Brafman's office said.
Vance declined comment on the specifics of Brafman's remarks and said his office "will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs."
"The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand."
This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged. This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged.
Brafman has already given glimpses of his defense strategy, saying after the arraignment that Weinstein did not "invent the casting couch in Hollywood" and that "bad behavior" doesn't necessarily translate into criminal acts.
He also said that the woman who alleges rape had a "10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years" after the 2013 incident in the hotel. The district attorney's office declined to comment on that claim.
Jennifer Becker, deputy legal director for Legal Momentum, a New York-based nonprofit women's legal defense group, said it's hard to buy Brafman's suggestion that the charges were suddenly sprung on the defense given that both sides negotiated the terms of his surrender.
"They didn't just show up at his home at dawn and take him into custody," Becker said. "I think that given one of these complaining witnesses has also spoken publicly, unlike a lot of other criminal prosecutions, Mr. Weinstein has had a lot of notice that he was being investigated."
She also said that while national outrage over sexual abuse by powerful men may have triggered Vance's interest in Weinstein, that doesn't mean he was pressured into bringing charges.
"Even if they began an investigation because of the attention garnered by all the victims coming forward, the district attorney has to be guided by the evidence, and they wouldn't be filing charges unless the evidence supports those charges," she said.
The charges in New York represent the only criminal case against Weinstein on the books, though authorities in Los Angeles and London are also investigating accusations.
Weinstein is out on $1 million bail, wearing an ankle bracelet. He has denied all allegations of nonconsensual sexual contact.
Two Men in Court for Alleged Gay Sex and Fighting in Public
Police has arraigned two men Promise, 24 and Kehinde, 29 before a Suruler Chief Magistrate's Court on a two count charge of same sex intercourse and fighting in public. ‎ The Police Prosecutor, Sgt. Anthonia Osayande told the court that the accused with others still at large committed the offences at City Centre Hotel at […]
The post Two Men in Court for Alleged Gay Sex and Fighting in Public appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Mainz defender Abdou Diallo is a summer transfer target for Arsenal, according to the Daily Telegraph.
The Gunners are reportedly watching Diallo closely, with the 21-year-old French starlet having seemingly jumped ahead of West Bromwich Albion's Jonny Evans as they plan to strengthen their central defensive options.
France Under-21 centre-back Diallo started his career at Monaco. After a loan spell in Belgium with Zulte Waregem, he joined Mainz for €5m last summer.
His composed displays have caught the attention of Arsenal scouts.
Diallo signed a five-year contract when he joined Mainz, so he is tied to them until June 2022.
The report suggests that, with the next manager likely to have less influence over transfer policy than Arsene Wenger currently does, the Gunners could press ahead with an attempt to sign Diallo even before the new boss is appointed.
Summer recruitment planning is set to run in tandem with the process to recruit Wenger's successor.
By JOHN JACKSONAssociated Press
CHICAGO (AP) - Kris Bryant and Anthony Rizzo hit back-to-back homers to cap a five-run fourth inning, and the Chicago Cubs continued their recent dominance of the Cincinnati Reds with a 15-5 victory Monday night.
Bryant went 2 for 4 with a walk and has reached safely in 16 of his last 20 plate appearances. Rizzo was 3 for 5 with a season-high five RBIs.
Jon Jay had three hits with an RBI and finished a home run shy of the cycle.
Chicago has 25 wins in its last 32 games against the Reds. The Cubs have swept the last two series at Wrigley Field between the teams (going back to last season), and have won 11 of the past 13 meetings there the last two years.
Scooter Gennett hit a two-run homer, his 20th, in the eighth for the Reds, who have five players with at least 20 home runs to tie a club record.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Send this to a friend
Hi! A visitor to our site felt the following article might be of interest to you: Salt March 2018. Here is a link to that story: http://www.timesgazette.com/special-sections/25179/salt-march-2018
LAS VEGAS — A North Carolina-based hospitality group has bought a mountain hotel outside Las Vegas for nearly $5 million.
KLAS-TV reports Rhea Hospitality based in Durham, North Carolina, has purchased The Resort on Mount Charleston from the Siegel Group.
New owners Colin and Deanna Crossman say they plan to bring the 64-room hotel back to its former grandeur.
Colin Crossman says the hotel is in a beautiful setting, but the “property itself looks like it hasn't been loved in a while.”
Their plans include reopening the spa, updating the menu and building an outdoor bar. The hotel will remain open during renovations.
The mountain escape was built in 1984 and is about 40 miles (64 kilometres) northwest of the Las Vegas Strip.
——
Information from: KLAS-TV, http://www.klas-tv.com
A former high school guidance counselor in New Hampshire accused of sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl will likely take a plea deal to lesser charges next week, according to a report.
Kristie Torbick, 39, is expected to plead guilty on Monday to four counts of felonious sexual assault in connection to incidents involving a female student at Exeter High School between December 2016 and January 2017, the Union Leader reported.
Torbick, of Lee, surrendered to police in Exeter a short time after the alleged trysts when investigators were alerted to reports of sexual misconduct at the school. Torbick, a first-year employee at the school, spent five years previously as a counselor in Bedford, where a school superintendent said she had a “great record,” according to the newspaper.
Torbick was indicted last year on a total of nine counts, including four counts of felonious sexual assault and three counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault, the Bangor Daily News reports. She allegedly engaged in “sexual penetration” with the 14-year-old student on Dec. 30, 2016, as well as other sexual acts that took place in Exeter and Epping.
Torbick also engaged in similar sex acts with the teen a week later while in Lee, where she “provided therapy [to the victim],” according to court documents that also allege Torbick had the girl perform a sex act on her.
Prosecutors will ask a judge for a 5- to 10-year prison sentence for Torbick. Assistant County Attorney Melissa Foles said the remaining charges will be dismissed in exchange for her guilty plea to four counts of felonious sexual assault.
An attorney for Torbick, who is no longer employed by New Hampshire School Administrative Unit 16, indicated to a judge in a notice of intent to plead guilty last month that he will seek her prison sentence to be suspended for 10 years.
Torbick will also be required to register as a sex offender and have no communication with the alleged victim or unsupervised contact with children under the age of 18 except her own children, the Union Leader reports.
Astros looking for more bullpen help even after landing Tyler Clippard
The Houston Astros are interested in making more moves even after adding Tyler Clippard to their bullpen.
Houston acquired Clippard from the White Sox on Sunday for a player to be named later. The 32-year-old reliever is bouncing around a bit this season, as he went to Chicago in a deal with the Yankees, and now is heading to Houston.
Clippard struggled with the Yankees, posting a 4.95 ERA over 36.1 innings. But he did well putting together a 1.80 ERA in 10 innings with the White Sox.
Clippard slots into Houston's bullpen somewhere between Ken Giles and Luke Gregerson. Considering their top three relievers are all right-handers, it makes sense that they would be interested in getting some left-handed help. That's what FOX's Ken Rosenthal says they want.
Source: #Astros continue to seek bullpen upgrades after adding Clippard and Liriano. Would like to add another left-handed reliever. — Ken Rosenthal (@Ken_Rosenthal) August 14, 2017
The Astros' desire to improve makes sense. Although they still have the best record in the AL, many of their competitors improved around the trade deadline, including both the Nats and Dodgers, which are the only other teams in MLB with winning percentages above .600.
It has never been, “Did you hear Chris?” or “Did you hear Chris!”
No, not even once, but when Alain Vigneault talked about the challenge he had laid down for Chris Kreider, the coach made a point of saying the 26-year-old winger would need to be more vocal in assuming more of a leadership role for the Rangers this season.
“AV and I have talked about his expectations for me. I think that's the best way to put it,” Kreider told The Post before his second-period breakaway score in the Rangers' 4-3 exhibition victory over the Devils on 18-year-old Filip Chytil's goal with 3.5 seconds remaining in overtime at the Garden on Wednesday. “As far as me speaking up in the room, I've probably been in the middle of the pack.
I'm not a church mouse but I'm not the biggest rah-rah guy, either.
“I think it's important not to try and be someone that I'm not. That would come off as disingenuous. You have to evolve organically. I'm not sure exactly what AV has said to [the media], but what he told me is that with the turnover we've had from year to year, I'm not a young guy in the room anymore, and that after being here for a while, it's time for me to step up and be one of the leaders.”
A year ago, Kreider was instrumental in helping Pavel Buchnevich adapt to life in the NHL in the young Russian's first year in North America. So certainly in that sense, No. 20 has been a mentor.
“I speak the language so it was only natural,” said Kreider, fluent in Russian. “But I am maybe more comfortable in the one-on-one relationships in the room. Again, I don't think it's healthy to force things. We all follow the example set by our captain. We follow Mac's [Ryan McDonagh] lead. We have a good leadership group in here.”
In repeating his 2017-18 expectations for Kreider on Wednesday, Vigneault further defined his own concept of leadership as it applied to the winger, who memorably made his NHL and Blueshirt debut in the 2012 playoffs just over a week after leading Boston College to the NCAA championship.
“A big part of leadership is the power to influence, in my mind, anyway,” the coach said. “Chris Kreider is one of the best-conditioned athletes I've ever been associated with, so the way he works out and the way he prepares himself physically, he should be able to influence other guys to do the same thing.
“Now he's more experienced, he knows the pressure of the games, of the season and of the playoffs. He has to share that experience with his younger teammates. And like I've said, there are no excuses. It's those guys' [Kreider, J.T. Miller, Kevin Hayes] time to take a bigger role in our dressing room.”
Ultimately, though, players lead by example. They lead by performing and producing. Kreider is no different. The chiseled 6-foot-3, 228-pounder led the Rangers with a personal-best 28 goals last season (a jump of seven from the previous two years), which tied for 19th among NHL wings, but the overwhelming consensus is Kreider has more to give.
There were just too many games in which you did not see Chris.
“I don't know if that is a backhand compliment or not, but I put more pressure on myself than anyone from the outside can put on me,” the eternally internalizing Kreider said. “But if the coach tells me that I need to do more, I'm not going to sulk. Just the opposite. I'm amped up by that. That excites me.
“I think I've gotten better every season but I also believe that I am capable of doing more for this team, and I'm not talking only about my goal-scoring or statistics. I'm approaching this season with the objective of making an impact in every game whether I score or not.
“I want to get in on the defense and make my presence known, physically. I think as a group of forwards, whether it's Millsy playing with an edge or Grabs [Michael Grabner] intimidating the D with his speed, we all have the ability and responsibility to make an impact in different ways.”
There is no doubt the baton is being passed to a younger generation of Blueshirts who will set the standard for the even younger guys such as Chytil, Lias Andersson, Neal Pionk, Anthony DeAngelo and Alexei Bereglazov.
“You want to have a group of leaders, not a group of followers,” Kreider said. “Right?”
Right. And among those leaders must be Kreider, whose time it is to be seen and heard.
Called the "Impossibly NYX Professional Makeup" experience, you'll be able to watch three makeup tutorials from top beauty video bloggers Kristen Leanne, Mykie, and Karen Sarahi Gonzalez. You'll also be able to use the Gear VR controllers to select different NYX products to learn more about, and you'll be able to to buy the products that are featured in the tutorials at a reduced price. You'll be able to try it out yourself starting December 18th in "select" NYX Professional Makeup stores, with a national rollout to the rest of its 42 retail stores during 2018.
This isn't the first foray into merging technology with makeup, of course. Sephora has its own way of selling makeup via AR tech, yet another trend in the space. While it's hard to say whether a makeup tutorial in VR is any better than one on a flat screen, we'll likely see more of this type of immersive branded advertising in the near future.
Future unclear for Giants' perpetual backup Ryan Nassib Was Ryan Nassib a wasted draft choice or did he contribute exactly what the Giants wanted out of him in his four years? The Giants traded up six spots in...
Giants fine with Newton dancing ... under one circumstance The touchdown celebrations and dance styling of Cam Newton attracted plenty of interest this season, and prompted discussions as to the propriety of his gyrations. This is either all in...
Odell Beckham feels 'awesome' about final Pro Bowl votes Odell Beckham Jr. entered this season with two goals: Reach the Super Bowl and the Pro Bowl. The latter seems to be an absolute certainty. The Giants' second-year superstar finished...
Giants haven't seen anything like Cam Newton, but they're not scared Now we find out if the Giants merely are a product of the poor NFC East, pretenders that shouldn't be vying for a playoff spot, or a team nobody would...
Super Bowl stalwart Barry Cofield returns to Giants Ownership, the front office and the coaching staff are all fond of saying, “Once a Giant, always a Giant.'' The franchise has a way of recycling its own players, and...
Giants offseason primer: Big decisions for Big Blue The Giants rang in the New Year all packed up and scattered across the country, having already cleaned out their lockers and parted ways after a 7-9 season that had...
Is one of Detroit's Big Three for sale to the Chinese?
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles has reportedly rejected an acquisition bid by a Chinese automaker — but a variety of analysts and observers within the auto industry believe it could be just a matter of time before FCA is given an offer it would be willing to accept.
FCA was formed by the merger of Italy's Fiat and Chrysler shortly after the Detroit carmaker emerged from its 2010 bankruptcy with the help of a massive federal bailout. Over the last several years, however, FCA Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne has made it clear he is looking for another partner and might alternately consider the sale of all or part of his company.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed New Technology Is Center Stage At Detroit Auto Show 1:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
“The only one who would have the money (and reason) to take over Fiat Chrysler Automobiles would be China,” said analyst David Sullivan, of the consulting form AutoPacific. “The Chinese seem more enthralled” with opportunities presented by key FCA brands like Jeep, Sullivan added, “than anyone else.”
Related: Why We Are Facing an Automotive Revolution
One of the big questions is how a Chinese takeover of the third-largest U.S. automaker would play out with the Trump administration, especially as President Donald Trump threatens to take action against China over a lopsided balance of trade.
Who Was Behind the Reported Bid?
Word of a bid by an unspecified Chinese automaker first appeared in the trade publication Automotive News on Monday morning. Sources told NBC News the bid may have come from Guangzhou Automobile Group, or GAC, which is based in a region traditionally known as Canton, in southern China.
GAC already has a relationship with FCA. Under Chinese law, foreign manufacturers must partner with a local company to produce vehicles in the country, and the Jeep Renegade began rolling off an assembly line operated by GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles in April 2016.
Related: Big Changes for the Big Three
Early this year, John Murphy, an analyst with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, said he believed FCA could be purchased by a Chinese company within three to five years, with GAC being one of the more likely bidders.
But FCA officials also met with representatives of Great Wall Motors at the American maker's suburban Detroit headquarters in May. Meanwhile, Michael Manley, a senior FCA executive who, among other things, oversees the Jeep brand, skipped a major media event he was supposed to attend last month to fly to China. It is not clear whether that trip was related to a purchase offer, normal business involving Jeep production in China or, perhaps, both.
A request for comment from FCA has not yet been returned.
The Biggest Market in the World
China's automotive market is now the largest in the world, and carmakers have struggled to keep up with demand that has grown by double digits every year since the turn of the millennium. But that rate of growth has been slowing and is likely to run at less than 7 pecent for all of 2017, according to Chinese analysts and trade groups.
As things have slowed, local manufacturers have become more interested in finding new markets abroad. But homegrown Chinese carmakers have so far had only marginal success expanding abroad under their own names, in part due to concerns about the quality, reliability, and safety of their products. Zhejiang Geely has had arguably the biggest success by acquiring Volvo. The Swedish-based company now operates two assembly plants in China and is taking the lead in developing new products for the Geely brand. It is also expanding the export of Chinese-made Volvo products.
Vovlo CEO Hakan Samuelsson speaks during presentation of the new Volvo XC60 car during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland, March 7, 2017. Denis Balibouse / Reuters file
The same approach could work for GAC or another Chinese carmaker with deep enough pockets, suggested Joe Phillippi, head of AutoTrends Consulting. “We could see a mad scramble among the top three of four players in China to tie up with an American partner and FCA is the one most open.”
Marchionne has been openly looking for another partner and has approached a variety of potential Western allies, notably including General Motors, which turned him down flat. While Marchionne has most often suggested his goal is an alliance, he has not ruled out the sale of his company and, during a recent conference call with industry analysts acknowledged he would even consider selling off specific FCA brands.
What's for Sale?
The primary focus likely would be on the company's two crown jewels, Jeep and Ram. Light truck sales are booming worldwide and, in the U.S. now account for almost two-thirds of the new vehicle market. Jeep sales have slid slightly this year, but only because of production issues related to a planned expansion of the brand. An all-new version of its iconic Wrangler model, for example, will soon start rolling off a completely refurbished plant in Toledo, Ohio. An assortment of new models, including a Jeep pickup and the reborn Wagoneer flagship model are in the pipeline, as well.
Related: Is FCA About to Sell Off Jeep and Ram?
“The timing couldn't be better for a sale,” said analyst Sullivan. “While every other automaker is struggling with declining sales and bloated inventories of passenger cars, that's not something that FCA has to deal with since they have a much less car-centric line-up.”
The question is what would be left if either Jeep or Ram — or both — were sold off. The two remaining U.S. brands, Chrysler and Dodge, have seen their product line-ups largely scaled back over the last several years, reflecting the rapid decline in sedan and coupe sales. The Fiat brand continues to struggle, especially in the U.S. And the planned, $6 billion revival of the Italian Alfa Romeo brand is still in the early stages.
For his part, Marchionne has said he also sees great potential for Alfa and the even more upscale Maserati brand in China.
Chinese Ownership After a Billion-Dollar Bailout?
How a Chinese acquisition of FCA would play out is far from certain, especially in today's political climate. There could be strong opposition to the sale of a company saved only with the help of U.S. taxpayers — though FCA ultimately paid back the U.S. Treasury, unlike rival General Motors.
Related: Why You Should Watch this Move About the Auto Bailout
China, on the whole, is facing the threat of trade sanctions by the Trump administration because of a lopsided trade balance. In March, National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro declared “unacceptable” China's policy on imports of foreign-made autos. The country has a 25 percent tariff on American-made vehicles. It also requires foreign companies such as FCA, Ford, and General Motors to enter an alliance with local Chinese companies if they want to produce vehicles in that country.
China hasn't been the only target. In January, the new president warned Toyota it could face a “big border tax” if it didn't shift more production to the U.S.
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017
During his presidential campaign, Trump also repeatedly went after Ford for planning to shift small car production from an American plant to Mexico. Curiously, he was essentially silent when Ford more recently said it would, instead, build its compact Ford Focus in China.
“The Ford decision shows how flexible multinational companies are in terms of geography,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross responded to that announcement.
Nonetheless, with the president now putting Chinese trade back in the spotlight, anything that might boost the trade imbalance — and high-dollar cars could do that quickly — might trigger a sharp rebuke. But by acquiring FCA and retaining — and perhaps even expanding — its U.S. production base, some observers believe a Chinese automaker could enter the market without stirring up trade frictions.
Several times during the day and sometimes at night, 77-year-old Jeong-Suk Cha has to put her 48-year-old son Alex in a sling.
She's a shade under five feet tall, slight, maybe 120 pounds. He's about 180 pounds and must be moved carefully.
Like countless other Ontario residents — so many a $100-million class-action suit has just been launched against the province — Jeong-Suk often has to work alone.
First she glides a lift over top of Alex, places colour-coded straps around his body, and pushes the button that lifts the straps and sling.
She then pushes him: to bed, from bed; to the toilet, from the toilet; to a lounge chair, from a lounge chair, to his wheelchair, from his wheelchair.
He spends a lot of his time in his motorized wheelchair, and when he slumps a bit too far, his mother has to reach from behind and pull him up. That recently gave her a four-month stint of bruised ribs.
“I used to say, only age is a number,” says Jeong Suk, her English slightly broken inside a soft Korean accent.
“But now,” she says about her struggles, “the age is right.”
Someone has to stay with Alex 24 hours a day, and despite considerable help from his sister Jin Cha, friend Michael Kerr, and personal support workers, the bulk of the work has fallen to the elderly Korean woman.
“I always talk to him now, ‘Before I die you have to . . .'” Jeong-Suk says but cannot finish because her face bows in tears.
Alex Cha, 48, is lowered to his bed by his mom, Jeong Cha, 78, and guided by his sister, Jin Cha, at their north London condominium on Tuesday, April 11, 2017. (MIKE HENSEN, The London Free Press)
Alex, who has cerebral palsy and spinal cord damage, is on a wait list for a bed in a residential care facility.
Only in the most superficial ways can it be called a wait list. Or perhaps a wait list in the deepest of ways.
Those who run agencies supporting severely physically disabled adults call it the 50-year wait list. If there are 50 people on the list, chances are you're waiting 50 years to get the support you need.
Years of frustration over waiting for services has boiled over recently, with calls for change in the Ontario legislature and a week ago, a class-action lawsuit filed by Toronto law firm Koskie Minsky.
The lawsuit seeks $100 million in damages for negligence, claiming the Ontario government denies services to developmentally disabled adults through wait lists administered in an “ad hoc, inconsistent and unreasonable manner.”
The inconsistency is apparent in the South West Local Health Integration Network that oversees provincial health-care spending in a region stretching from Tobermory to Lake Erie, and Newbury to Stratford.
If you're a senior or an adult with moderate physical disabilities, you qualify for a personal support worker. Even in this category, there are 296 people in the local LHIN waiting for help.
If you're between 18 and 21 with medically complex needs, you qualify for one of 12 beds available across the entire region.
If you're an adult, not a youth or yet a senior, you have even dimmer prospects.
Officials with the South West LHIN acknowledge they don't have a handle on the number of medically complex or developmentally delayed adults seeking residential care or how many spaces are available.
“The South West LHIN began working with our partners in 2014 to develop a more comprehensive assisted living model that could support people with more complex medical needs or fragility to live in the community. This type of model is far more intensive and requires 24/7 on-site staff with specialized training,” Michael Barrett said in a written response to questions.
“We do not yet have the fulsome monthly reports available to us to give us more detailed information on the number of referrals, client characteristics or wait list data.”
Last year, Ontario Ombudsman Paul Dube released a report critical of Ontario's care of developmentally disabled adults including those with cerebral palsy. At the time, there were 9,700 people waiting for residential care across the province.
In the South West LHIN, London's Participation House has 40 spaces available, and 60 to 90 on the waiting list.
That's where Alex would like to go.
The brief outline of Alex's story first came to light three weeks ago when London West New Democrat MPP Peggy Sattler held a news conference at Participation House, then raised the issue in the legislature. Health Minister Dr. Eric Hoskins promised to look into the matter, but acknowledged Ontario's disabled residents need more help.
At the news conference, Alex's sister and tireless advocate, Jin Cha, spoke for an allotted two minutes.
She invited The Free Press to take a closer look at the family's challenges, in an effort to push for the province to provide more housing for adults with complex physical disabilities, like her brother.
“Alex has a sharp brain but he's trapped in that body,” she says in interviews at the condo he shares with their mother.
Born with cerebral palsy, Alex was an active person for a long time. But he fell in 2004 while brushing his teeth, and suffered neurological and spinal cord damage.
He spent the summer in Parkwood Institute and after, Jin moved to the family house for a while to help her widowed mother look after him. They put a stair glide, porch lift and grab bars in the home to help.
They also put Alex on a wait list for a bed at Participation House.
Over the next 13 years, Alex suffered more falls, including one in 2015 that put him back in Parkwood and left him with a loose bone pinching on his spinal cord, the loss of almost all mobility, and the threat of one more fall killing him.
The family sold their home, and moved Alex and his mother into a condo apartment.
Jin lives in the same building, with her nephew, whom she persuaded to join in the family round-the-clock care.
“We do try to focus on the positive,” Jin says in a visit marked by laughter as well as tears. She often takes a break from telling the story to put a hand on her brother, tease him and confirm with him what she's saying.
The doctors, the personal support workers, the people she's been hounding at the LHIN are all kind, she says.
But looking after Alex takes a lot of work. Jin is the organizer. She has created a binder with 69 pages of photographs showing each step of his daily exercises. Another binder for personal support workers contains five sections, toileting (with 64 photographs and instructions), extra clothes to show where they are kept, getting him out of bed (37 photographs with instructions), washing routine (23 pages) and breakfast (five pages).
“He cannot direct his own care. He can't verbally tell someone something.”
A full-time teacher, Jin figures she spends an average of two hours each day organizing personal support worker schedules, doctor's appointments, regular blood tests and other chores. She's the one who makes sure he continues to get the assessments to stay on the wait list.
Alex is allowed a personal support worker for 90 hours a month, although Jin has fought hard enough to get that bumped up to 140 until the end of April.
The only time her mother can get out of the house or take a break on weekdays is during a four-hour personal support worker visit. On Sundays, she rushes to church and back while the family helps.
The rest of the days, suffering from arthritis herself, Jeong-Suk has to do Alex's physio and massages, wash his clothes — sometime soiled — make his meals, brush his teeth, turn him so he doesn't get bed sores, scratch him when he's itchy, shower him and on and on.
“I can't get her recharged. She doesn't know what that is,” Jin says.
As her mother ages, Jin has stepped up efforts to get Alex into residential care.
“We are a private family, but we can't keep quiet anymore. We don't have a voice.”
She has prepared packages of information for the LHIN and The Free Press, including his discharge documents from Parkwood.
“Client should receive total assistance for AM and PM routine (bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting) and feeding.”
The alternative offered to men and women like Alex is long-term care, with seniors.
Alex is not a senior. He spends hours online at night communicating with others.
“He has a sharp brain. Everything works. He tells really bad jokes but he thinks he's funny,” Jin says, turning to smile at him and tap his knee.
When he was told he had to live in a seniors' home, Alex wanted to talk to the family doctor.
Jin starts to cry when she explains why.
“What he's saying is he would rather die than go into a nursing home. It's a death sentence. It's like I'm choosing my mom's life over his.”
In the package prepared for the LHIN is a note from Alex, typed out slowly with the index finger of his one good hand, his right, on his computer.
The thought of going to long-term care: “I rather die if I have to go there. I really need help.”
But the note contains humour as well.
“My family members can't take care of me because they got to work & to be honest their patience is nothing writing home about sometimes.”
In a short visit at his home, Alex's humour often breaks through his damaged body.
It's a sign of the life inside that his family wants to keep alive.
“It's not your fault,” Jin says after detailing the strain on the family. “I'm just trying to be a voice for you.”
Alex tries to say something. I love you, perhaps.
“We'd come and visit you every day,” Jin promises.
Alex roars in laughter, reacting the same way every adult would at that thought.
“Oh God,” he says.
rrichmond@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/RandyRatLFPress
40 years of Page Six: The ridiculous side of celebrity New York has long reigned as the chosen city for misbehaving celebs — whether they've been caught canoodling with one another or spotted sneaking out of jiggle joints.
Richard Johnson's life with the Donald Whatever frustrations the Washington, DC, press corps has with President Donald Trump, Richard Johnson sympathizes.
40 years of Page Six: The best tales of NY Over the 40 years that Page Six has cataloged New York's stars, the real star of our column has always been the city itself.
40 Years of Page Six: Lifestyles of the rich and shameless You don't have to be a celebrity to make Page Six: Money will do. The more you have, and the more reckless you are about spending it, the better. Few...
The head of the agency that runs New York City's subways and buses is retiring. The announcement comes the day after a long-awaited new subway line opened.
Continue Reading Below
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Monday that Thomas Prendergast will retire early this year.
Prendergast has been the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's chairman and CEO since 2013. He's worked for the agency for over 25 years.
During his chairmanship, the agency has grappled with repairing damage from 2012's Superstorm Sandy while wrapping up major new projects.
The first portion of the Second Avenue subway line began carrying the public Sunday under Manhattan's Upper East Side. The line has been envisioned since the 1920s.
Last year saw the opening, on Manhattan's far West Side, of what was then the city's first new subway station since 1989.
The lone American confirmed to have been injured in a New Year's terror attack on an Istanbul nightclub was saved by his cell phone, his brother told local media Monday.
William Jacob Raak, 35, of Chadds Ford, Pa., was one of an estimated 600 people partying inside the Reina nightclub early on New Year's Day when a gunman entered and opened fire at around 1:15 a.m. The attack, which was claimed by ISIS, killed at least 39 people, many of them foreigners, and injured close to 70 others.
Raak, who was at the club with a friend from Dubai, was shot in the hip. His brother, Michael Raak, told NBC10 that the bullet “hit his phone” before traveling to Jacob Raak's knee.
Doctors told Raak that the cell phone prevented the bullet from hitting a major artery, likely saving the American's life.
In an interview with NBC News, Raak said he laid on the floor of the nightclub and played dead as the gunman moved through the bloody scene. He described himself as “probably the luckiest person in the whole thing.”
“When he shot me I didn't move — I just let him shoot me,” he said. “I was shot when I was already on the ground. He was shooting people that he had already shot.”
Camera crews captured Raak being loaded onto an ambulance.
“I was shot in the f—ing leg, man,” he yelled to reporters. “These crazy people came in shooting everything.”
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus strait to escape the attack.
Family members told WPVI that Raak was being treated at a hospital in Turkey, but was expected to be discharged soon to return to Philadelphia.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against ISIS in Syria and Iraq.
The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on ISIS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
RALEIGH, N.C. — North Carolina State didn't squander the surge from an emotional rivalry win. The Wolfpack just had to wait a week to prove it.
Torin Dorn scored 21 points to help N.C. State beat Notre Dame 76-58 on Saturday, a win that came after an extended break following last weekend's overtime win at then-No. 10 North Carolina.
There was no sign of a hangover, rust or anything else. Instead, Dorn and the rest of his Wolfpack teammates were simply dominant.
“I think it's a statement to our focus,” Dorn said. “We've been a really focused group and this week we've been able to focus on some things to help us not come out lax and lazy since we beat Carolina and had a big win.
“Every game is important in the ACC, so you've got to be able to turn the page from one to the next.”
Coach Kevin Keatts said it was “a scary week for me” because he would've preferred to keep playing after the Wolfpack's 95-91 win in Chapel Hill that included the team hitting 15 of 30 3-pointers. But he also said the time to regroup with two days off followed by extra time to refine things in practice helped by Saturday.
The Wolfpack claimed a 38-26 rebounding advantage and scored 21 points off turnovers. It amounted to a complete reversal of a 30-point loss to Notre Dame exactly one month earlier, down to the symmetry of N.C. State leading by 30 with 8 1/2 minutes left.
“Give these guys credit,” Keatts said. “What a turnaround that we've had.”
Matt Farrell scored 16 points for the Fighting Irish (13-10, 3-7) after missing the past two games with a lingering ankle injury. Notre Dame fell behind 9-0 in the opening minutes and trailed by 19 in the first half on the way to a seventh straight loss.
“We just couldn't get anything going early in the game and then you're digging out of a hole the whole time,” Irish coach Mike Brey said. “I think they have a great vibe about them, and we don't.”
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame: The Irish have been just trying to stay afloat with preseason Associated Press All-American Bonzie Colson roughly halfway through a projected eight-week recovery from a broken left foot. But they haven't won a game in nearly a month. Worse, while the first five losses were all by single-digit margins, the past two — both in the state of North Carolina with Tuesday's 22-point loss at Duke — have ended with ugly scores.
“They're hanging in there,” Brey said. “When you have older guys sometimes they panic less. We are where we are in this thing. I'm very realistic. … We just try to get them back and see if we can play better at home.”
N.C. State: N.C. State played with a free-flowing confidence. It's a good sign for a team trying to play its way into NCAA Tournament contention, both for the turnaround from the 88-58 road loss to the Irish and the maturity to follow an emotional rivalry win and week off with this type of response.
ABU'S DAY
Wolfpack senior forward Abdul-Malik Abu shook loose from his struggles for an afternoon with eight points and five rebounds in a season-high 30 minutes.
Abu — who had averaged 12.3 points over the past two seasons — had been averaging 4.0 points in league play and seen his minutes dwindle amid foul trouble and defensive mistakes. Keatts said getting Abu back to form would provide “another dimension.”
“He had a great week of practice,” Keatts said. “He was very active, he was chasing the basketball down, he was great on the defensive end, he was getting rebounds. So I wanted to play him 30 minutes.”
UP NEXT
Notre Dame: The Fighting Irish host Boston College on Tuesday night.
N.C. State: Virginia Tech hosts the Wolfpack on Wednesday night in another matchup of teams trying to improve their NCAA Tournament chances.
——
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Image copyright AFP Image caption Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi proclaimed the IS "caliphate" in Mosul's al-Nuri mosque in July 2014
A son of Islamic State group leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been killed in a battle in Syria, IS news outlets say.
Hudhayfah al-Badri died in a "commando operation" against Syrian government and Russian forces at a power plant in Homs province, a Telegram message said.
It gave no further details but included an image of a youth holding a rifle.
The whereabouts of his father - whose real name is Ibrahim Awwad Ibrahim al-Badri - are unknown, but the message implied that he was still alive.
Baghdadi, who has a $25m (£19m) US bounty on his head, has been reported killed or wounded on a number of occasions.
He has not been heard from since September 2017, when he urged supporters to wage attacks against the West and keep fighting in Syria and neighbouring Iraq.
Little is known about IS leader's family, but Hisham al-Hashimi, an expert on jihadism who advises the Iraqi government, reported that Hudhayfah al-Badri was born in the Iraqi city of Samarra in 2000.
In May, Mr Hashimi declared that the "noose" was tightening around Baghdadi after Iraq announced the capture of five senior IS commanders.
Among them was Ismail al-Ithawi, a top aide to Baghdadi. He was reportedly arrested in Turkey in February and extradited to Iraq, where he helped Iraqi intelligence lure the other four commanders into crossing from Syria.
IS has lost much of the territory that once made up the "caliphate" proclaimed by Baghdadi at a mosque in the Iraqi city of Mosul in 2014.
The group now only controls small pockets of territory in Syria, which are being attacked by Syrian pro-government forces and a US-backed alliance of Syrian Kurdish and Arab fighters.
Iraq's government declared victory in its war against IS in December, but its security forces are still carrying out operations against militants based in remote desert areas along the Syrian border.
By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay-Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you've never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project he calls Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay-Z's musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé's killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay's tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation' over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.
THE FAMILY of the father-of-one who tragically drowned while swimming in the River Shannon at the weekend have thanked the emergency services “who worked so hard in such difficult circumstances” to save him.
Moyross man Christopher ‘Kippy' Leo, 44, was laid to rest at Mount St Oliver cemetery following his Requiem Mass at St John's Cathedral this Wednesday.
He tragically died after he got into difficulty while swimming near the Parteen Railway Bridge on Saturday.
As a final farewell to his son, Christopher's father Christopher Snr played the bagpipe while leading the cortege to the hearse after the Mass.
Items symbolic of Christopher's life brought to the altar during the ceremony included a photo of his bike whose tyres “had been worn down by so many travels”; earphones that gave him the “backtrack to his life”; rosary beads as he was a “man of faith”; and the key to his house.
Leading tributes at the start of the Mass, his cousin Christy thanked SwiftWater Rescue, gardai, the ambulance, Limerick Fire Service and hospital staff “who worked so hard in such difficult circumstances to help Christopher”.
He said that Christopher was “always smiling, smiling ear to ear. He had a heart of gold.”
“He would break out dancing for no reason with [his phone] blaring away. Everyone laughing at him but that was Christopher. He dressed with his white cap, sunglasses and headphones, he loved the music.”
“He was his father's friend. He was like a husband to Margie, not a son. He would go over Christmas Day, take over the cooking, the cleaning, everything. He was the best uncle to all the kids, he adored his son David,” his cousin said.
He added: “Heaven will dance tonight with Kippy.”
Parish priest, Fr Noel Kirwan delivered a powerful speech on the “joy and sadness” of the River Shannon in the northside community.
“Most of us who grew up in that island part of St Mary's, grew up with a great love of the bank around the river and the river itself and the beautiful view of the Clare hills. As did those who lived along Kileely, Ballynanty and Moyross from the other side of the river. We were always, sort of, looking over at each other and swimming in the river and going out in boats.
“It was a great amenity for us when we had nothing else. The joy of being on the river, from the time when we were very small, hardly able to put two strokes together, but we learned how to go into the river and go out of the river. We learned to watch the tides and the best times to go swimming. And when the tide would be going out, you would think you were a great swimmer because the tide would carry you down, and go ten times' the distance you would normally go. And it is a great sense of joy.
“But I can remember so many years when the summer would turn sour because someone we knew, someone we cared about, someone from our community was taken by the river. It's a mixture of sadness and joy. The joy of having all of that, and yet the deep, deep sadness. And it shook us every time. It always came with deep sorrow and deep sadness that the river had claimed, once again, one more. And that's what has befallen you; the river claiming Christopher.”
Christopher is deeply regretted by his loving parents Margaret and Christopher, son David, sisters Sylvia and Lavinia, brothers Stephen, Damien, Michael, Jonathan and John, sisters-in-law, brothers-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends.
QUEBEC — A forensic psychiatrist hired by Alexandre Bissonnette's lawyers says he didn't think they could successfully mount a defence of not criminally responsible for their client.
Sylvain Faucher met with Bissonnette twice in 2017 to determine whether such a defence would be possible.
He concluded it wouldn't be because the man who killed six worshippers in a Quebec City mosque in January of that year understood his acts and was capable of knowing if they were good or bad.
Faucher said Bissonnette's mental state wasn't altered in any major way.
The psychiatrist was testifying today at Bissonnette's sentencing arguments in a Quebec City courtroom.
Bissonnette, 28, pleaded guilty in March to six charges of first-degree murder and six of attempted murder related to the deadly mosque shooting.
His first-degree murder conviction carries an automatic life sentence with no chance of parole for 25 years.
But he can also receive consecutive sentences, which means he could spend up to 150 years in prison.
Acting Under Secretary for Nuclear Security and National Nuclear Security Administration Administrator Steve Erhart answers a question during a news conference on the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, at the Pentagon. Jacquelyn Martin AP Photo
Islanders blow late lead to lose shootout crusher TORONTO — This could be a point the Islanders regret not having if their bid for a playoff spot falls short. Tyler Bozak scored the shootout winner and the Maple...
Rangers' comeback cut short by a disallowed goal The Rangers had a little talk amongst themselves after this one, and the message was clear. “Recharge,” Brady Skjei relayed, “and ready to get back after Christmas.” The recharge is...
Rangers' holiday wish list starts with one redemption game There is undoubtedly a sour taste in the mouths of the Rangers, and they want it gone by the time they head home to their families for the three-day Christmas...
Golden Knights reminded us why sports can matter so much COLUMUBUS, Ohio — Here is something Jon Ledecky has said repeatedly since he and co-owner Scott Malkin bought the majority stake in the Islanders two years ago, reiterating it on...
Devils score rarest of short-handed goals, win battle of unbeatens TORONTO — The Maple Leafs had a big shots advantage and even two more skaters on the key play. The Devils put up the only big numbers that mattered —...
NHL preview: Penguins chase history, everyone else chases them And so they will be going for an historic three in a row … no, not the Penguins, who have captured two straight Stanley Cups, but the Capitals, who have...
How the success-hating NHL has destroyed budding dynasties It would be one thing, defensible even, if the NHL's hard-cap system simply acted as a mechanism to prevent power-revenue teams from buying all the best free agents on the...
NHL playoff preview: Why the favorites will reach Stanley Cup MONTREAL — The league that promotes its hard cap as the mechanism that enforces unparalleled parity is also the one that has produced the fewest number of champions over the...
Reeling Devils have no answers for Maple Leafs' young stars TORONTO — Auston Matthews had two assists and William Nylander had a goal and an assist as the Maple Leafs topped the Devils 4-2 on Thursday night for their seventh...
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. – Zelmo Beaty, a combined five-time NBA and ABA All-Star and a member of the ABA's All-Time Team, died Saturday at the age of 73. Beaty averaged 17.1...
Video
Anne McElvoy looks back over the political week from the Conservative conference.
In her This Week film, she was given help by University Challenge panellists Rory Bremner, Liz Kendall and Michael Portillo.
Chelsea Announces Captain John Terry will leave at end of Season
Chelsea legend John Terry will leave the club at the end of the season, the English Premier League leaders announced on Monday. John Terry and Chelsea Football Club today jointly announce our captain will leave the club at the end of the season,” said a club statement. “I've always been conscious that I depart at the […]
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
INDIANA, Pa. — Mike Beaudry passed for 152 yards and two touchdowns, Austin Williams booted a pair of field goals and smothering defence on a fourth-down pass play lifted West Florida past previously undefeated and top-seeded Indiana (Pa.) 27-17 in the NCAA Division II semifinals on Saturday.
West Florida (11-3) rolled up 376 yards total offence, scored the first 24 points of the game and was five-for-five in the red zone. The Argonauts will face Texas A&M Commerce (13-1) in the NCAA D-II championship in Kansas City, Kansas, on December 16.
Indiana (13-1) was clawing out of a 24-0 hole with 17 unanswered points — a touchdown run by Samir Bullock, a TD pass from Lenny Williams to Chris Wuestner and a chip-shot field goal by Dillon Sarka — to come within a touchdown early in the fourth quarter.
The Argonauts struck back with a 25-yard Williams field goal to cap a 13-play, 76-yard drive that erased 7:35 from the clock.
Indiana was driving on its next possession, but Williams fumbled a third-down snap and lost four yards when he fell on the ball, just enough to push the Crimson Hawks out of field goal range. A fourth-down heave into the end zone was deflected by Marvin Conley and the pass also was hurried as Williams just got the pass off as he was about to be hit.
Back-up systems had to be used in the north east of Scotland after the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service was hit by a radio communications failure.
Mobiles and radios were used to keep in touch with the North operations control centre in Dundee.
The issue last weekend was identified as a networking fault.
SFRS area manager Mike Dickson said: "As of 7 August, a permanent solution was put in place which ensures that this problem should not occur again."
The issue was between Friday 4 August and Monday 7 August.
'Contingency plan'
Mr Dickson said: "The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service's Dundee operations control centre noted an issue with radio communications in the North Service Delivery Area.
"Thanks to robust strategic planning and the professional training of our control staff, there was no loss in communication with SFRS resources and no effect on the service's ability to respond to emergencies.
"All SFRS control rooms are equipped with backup radio and telephone communications equipment which can be immediately activated in the event of an issue arising - this was used in this instance to ensure that there was no loss in communications.
"Fire officers equipped with personal issue radios strengthened this contingency plan."
President Trump grinned and winked on Friday when asked to explain his comment the night before that the US could be in “the calm before the storm.”
“You'll find out,” Trump said at a White House event, repeating the answer he gave Thursday night when asked the same question as he posed with military brass at the White House.
Administration spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders shed little light on the president's remark — though she did say it was a “general comment” and that Trump “didn't talk any specific actions at all” but was being purposely vague. Asked if Trump's comment meant that the US was done trying to talk with North Korea — something the president called “a waste of time” on Twitter — Sanders said the administration was still using sanctions and diplomacy to calm the crisis over the rogue country's nuclear-weapons program.
But she added, “We have a lot of bad actors in the world, North Korea, Iran, several examples there.”
MAIDUGURI: Greater international cooperation is required to defeat Boko Haram and neutralize the threat from the militants in Nigeria and beyond, military commanders and politicians said this week.
The militants, who are allied to Daesh, have destroyed swathes of remote northeast Nigeria since 2009, killing at least 20,000 people and forcing more than 2.6 million from their homes.
Counter-insurgency operations since early 2015 have pushed them out of captured towns and villages to the point where the government in Abuja now believes they are a spent force.
But with deadly attacks still a regular occurrence, Nigeria's highest-ranking army officer said a “collective effort” was needed to counter its guerilla tactics — and those of similar groups who have wreaked havoc elsewhere around the world.
“We understand the challenges across the spectrum of asymmetric warfare,” Nigeria's Chief of Army Staff Lt. Gen. Tukur Yusuf Buratai said on Wednesday at the headquarters of operations against the militants in the northeastern city of Maiduguri.
“This... is a global phenomenon. We must work in synergy to make sure that the terrorism that has been affecting not only here and in the sub-region (of West Africa) but indeed globally” is ended, he added.
A regional force comprising troops from Nigeria and its neighbors Cameroon, Chad, Niger and Benin, has helped push Boko Haram out of captured territory since early 2015.
But Western nations have largely held back from more direct involvement in the conflict, including sales of weapons and equipment because of the Nigerian army's poor human rights record.
US, British, French and German soldiers, among others, are currently present in a “non-lethal” advisory and support roles, in areas from providing Nigerian troops with intelligence and infantry training to tackling the threat from improvised explosive devices.
Senior commanders on the ground say the goal now is to develop the Nigerian Army's skills so people can return to their homes and begin rebuilding their lives.
President Muhammadu Buhari and his predecessor Goodluck Jonathan have said the refusal of Western government to sell the Nigerian military hardware has hampered its efforts to tackle Boko Haram. A $600 million deal with the US for 12 fighter aircraft was held up after more than 100 civilians were killed in an airstrike in January this year.
Nigeria said this week the purchase had finally been approved.
Britain's Foreign Minister Boris Johnson also said last month that a request for further equipment was being considered.
London's minister in charge of armed forces, Mark Lancaster, who reviewed British Army support programs across northern Nigeria this week, said “the real key” to improvement was proper basic training, including in human rights.
The presence of foreign nations was “a genuine recognition that the problems we face here in Nigeria are not just Nigeria's problems in the northeast,” he told AFP.
“Not only are they cross-border within the region but of course this is an international problem with an international solution.”
MAIDUGURI: Greater international cooperation is required to defeat Boko Haram and neutralize the threat from the militants in Nigeria and beyond, military commanders and politicians said this week.
The militants, who are allied to Daesh, have destroyed swathes of remote northeast Nigeria since 2009, killing at least 20,000 people and forcing more than 2.6 million from their homes.
Counter-insurgency operations since early 2015 have pushed them out of captured towns and villages to the point where the government in Abuja now believes they are a spent force.
But with deadly attacks still a regular occurrence, Nigeria's highest-ranking army officer said a “collective effort” was needed to counter its guerilla tactics — and those of similar groups who have wreaked havoc elsewhere around the world.
“We understand the challenges across the spectrum of asymmetric warfare,” Nigeria's Chief of Army Staff Lt. Gen. Tukur Yusuf Buratai said on Wednesday at the headquarters of operations against the militants in the northeastern city of Maiduguri.
“This... is a global phenomenon. We must work in synergy to make sure that the terrorism that has been affecting not only here and in the sub-region (of West Africa) but indeed globally” is ended, he added.
A regional force comprising troops from Nigeria and its neighbors Cameroon, Chad, Niger and Benin, has helped push Boko Haram out of captured territory since early 2015.
But Western nations have largely held back from more direct involvement in the conflict, including sales of weapons and equipment because of the Nigerian army's poor human rights record.
US, British, French and German soldiers, among others, are currently present in a “non-lethal” advisory and support roles, in areas from providing Nigerian troops with intelligence and infantry training to tackling the threat from improvised explosive devices.
Senior commanders on the ground say the goal now is to develop the Nigerian Army's skills so people can return to their homes and begin rebuilding their lives.
President Muhammadu Buhari and his predecessor Goodluck Jonathan have said the refusal of Western government to sell the Nigerian military hardware has hampered its efforts to tackle Boko Haram. A $600 million deal with the US for 12 fighter aircraft was held up after more than 100 civilians were killed in an airstrike in January this year.
Nigeria said this week the purchase had finally been approved.
Britain's Foreign Minister Boris Johnson also said last month that a request for further equipment was being considered.
London's minister in charge of armed forces, Mark Lancaster, who reviewed British Army support programs across northern Nigeria this week, said “the real key” to improvement was proper basic training, including in human rights.
The presence of foreign nations was “a genuine recognition that the problems we face here in Nigeria are not just Nigeria's problems in the northeast,” he told AFP.
“Not only are they cross-border within the region but of course this is an international problem with an international solution.”
Not all superheroes wear capes, apparently.
A Texas police officer nicknamed “Blade” after Marvel Comics' vampire hunter is being lauded as a real champ when he was caught on video during an impromptu boxing match with a teen after responding to a noise complaint.
Officer Winston Bowen squared up with the unidentified teenager at Hillcrest Apartments in Mesquite on Memorial Day. The longtime recreational boxer said he couldn't turn down an invitation to show off his less-lethal guns after getting challenged to a sparring match.
“They were having a little barbeque, they were playing some music, and there some kids out there with some gloves,” Bowen told KTVT. “There's this perception that police officers have guns, we have a badge, but we can't fight.”
The video, which had been viewed more than 1.8 million times on Facebook as of Wednesday, shows a group of teens standing atop a car as Bowen rushes the youngster, but doesn't land a direct shot.
Bowen then dominates the teen with a flurry of jabs and haymakers, drawing jeers from onlookers in the apartment complex's parking lot. But Bowen's show of force ends without a major blow as the teen tries his best to save face among his friends.
The unscripted main event ends when Bowen's radio is knocked off his hip, video shows. A throng of witnesses, including several young children, then rush both Bowen and the teen to congratulate them.
One witness told KTVT that “everybody” in the neighborhood loves Bowen.
“When he pulls up, they're like, ‘Aw, there's Officer Blade,'” De'Ovion Tutt told the station, adding that he thought the officer won the brief match.
The Mesquite Police Association also praised Bowen, a 14-year department veteran who has been boxing since he was just 13.
“We're so proud of our officers and their level of involve in our city,” the association posted on its website. “Mesquite is so fortunate to have officers like this that fully engage with the communities they serve!”
Not everyone was in Bowen's corner, however.
“[On-duty] police officers while in uniform should never display this lack of authority, it is a bad example of department discipline,” one man posted on Facebook. “I admire this officer for having the courage to box this young man but not while in uniform. I trust the police chief feels the same as this puts this officers at great disadvantage if things turn bad.”
Lt. Brian Parrish, a police spokesman, said Bowen left the scene after the match and returned with chips and sodas for the teens.
Black students represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-2016, but accounted for 25 percent of suspensions. (Source: Pixabay)
By MARIA DANILOVA
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - Black students are suspended from school, expelled and referred to law enforcement much more frequently than their white peers, according to a federal report released Tuesday.
The report released by the Education Department is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Some experts counter that forcing schools to adopt milder disciplinary practices makes classrooms unsafe.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities and urge schools to adopt softer discipline approaches. She met with supporters and opponents of that policy this month.
The data show that while black boys represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-16, they accounted for 25 percent of suspensions and 23 percent of expulsions. Black girls made up 8 percent of all students but accounted for 14 percent of suspensions and 10 percent of expulsions.
By comparison, white boys represented 25 percent of all students and 24 percent of those who got suspended. White girls represented 24 percent of all students and 8 percent of those suspended.
The contrast was even starker with police referrals. Black students made up 15 percent of total student enrollment but represented 31 percent of students who were referred to law enforcement or arrested. White students made up 49 percent of all students but represented 36 percent of students who were referred to the police.
"This should cause alarm for all of us," said Catherine Lhamon, chairwoman of the Commission on Civil Rights, who previously served as the top civil rights official at the Education Department under the Obama administration. "Students were and are treated in very different ways. The reality is that those students experience discrimination."
The guidance issued during Lhamon's tenure instructed schools to move away from harsh punishments and instead favor positive behavior interventions such as counseling. It also told schools to examine their discipline data and fix racial disparities if there are any.
Mike Petrilli, president of the conservative Thomas B. Fordham Institute, has been calling for scrapping the 2014 guidance. He argues that it has made educators reluctant to punish bad behavior and has led to disorder in classrooms. While he agrees that racial bias does play a role, he said that children who are subjected to poverty and trauma are more likely to act out at school.
"The numbers are the symptom, not the disease. The disease is about ineffective schools, it's about unequal life circumstances," Petrilli said. "We've got to address the underlying causes of these disparities. Some of them may be racial bias in the way that discipline is doled out, but it's also differencing in student behavior that relate to differences in the challenges groups are facing."
DeVos hailed the release of the report and urged federal and local education leaders to take note.
"Protecting all students' civil rights is at the core of the Department's mission," she said in a statement.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON — At roughly the same time President Donald Trump was laying out his administration's North Korea policy in Tuesday's State of the Union address, South Korean and U.S. officials in Seoul were waking up to the news that the administration's long-awaited choice for ambassador, Victor Cha, had withdrawn himself from consideration.
One top U.S. official said embassy staff learned through news reports that their embassy would remain without a top envoy, raising concern that the critical strategic post will remain empty for the foreseeable future.
Now, as the U.S. and its allies look to ramp up pressure against Pyongyang while avoiding military conflict, the prolonged — and now indefinite — vacancy of the job of ambassador to Seoul is raising concern that any hope for a diplomatic solution to the standoff with North Korea is diminishing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump calls North Korea's 'reckless pursuit of nuclear missiles' a possible threat to U.S. 1:02 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A senior administration official confirmed to NBC News that Cha withdrew from consideration after disagreeing with the administration about its approach to the North Korean crisis. A second senior administration official and a third person close to the decision tells NBC News that South Korea's government had been informed that Cha was to be nominated as ambassador and he had received his clearances — but then some of his policy positions upset the White House.
A senior White House official confirmed that Cha had withdrawn from consideration and wished him well, but said the policy disagreements have been mischaracterized in the media. The official did not elaborate.
Cha, a professor at Georgetown University, penned an editorial for The Washington Post, which first reported that he had withdrawn from consideration. In it, he said that with regard to confronting North Korea, "the answer is not, as some Trump administration officials have suggested, a preventive military strike."
"To be clear," Cha continued, "(t)he president would be putting at risk an American population the size of a medium-size U.S. city — Pittsburgh, say, or Cincinnati — on the assumption that a crazy and undeterrable dictator will be rationally cowed by a demonstration of U.S. kinetic power."
Cha did not respond to a request for comment.
The United States has withdrawn Cha from consideration for ambassador to South Korea, a U.S. official said. YONHAP / EPA
Viewed as a pre-eminent expert by professionals in both parties, Cha previously served in former President George W. Bush's national security council. His withdrawal as the ambassadorial nominee to Seoul was dropped just days before South Korea hosts the Winter Olympics.
The State Department said Wednesday that it is confident South Korea will host the Olympics without incident and that Cha's withdrawal has no impact on the event.
"South Korea understands we have not yet nominated, that the White House has not yet nominated an ambassador, that the White House will do so when it has a candidate that they are willing — that they are able to put forward," said Steve Goldstein, undersecretary of state for public diplomacy and public affairs. "The fact that we do not have an ambassador in place has not impacted the security planning for the Olympic games on behalf of the United States and for South Korea."
And while the U.S. embassy in Seoul is operating business as usual, the appointment of an ambassador is symbolically important, particularly amid increasing tensions between Washington and Seoul. South Korea's liberal President Moon Jae-in has repeatedly advocated for engaging with North Korea directly, while the White House has pushed back on the idea, saying that Pyongyang needs to make a compelling effort to dismantle its nuclear program before direct diplomatic efforts can resume.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed North Korea: Nuclear program is not up for negotiation 1:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Following talks between North and South Korea, Pyongyang agreed to send 22 athletes to the Winter Games, which begin on Feb. 8, as well as a music and dance troupe. But the plans are fragile, as is evident from North Korea's decision this week to cancel a joint cultural event with South Korea, blaming "insulting" media coverage by the South Korean press.
Last week, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that efforts to deter North Korea's nuclear advancements had reached "a very tenuous stage."
"We have to recognize that that threat is growing and if North Korea does not choose the pathway of engagement, of discussion, negotiations, then they themselves will trigger an option," Tillerson said, shortly before North Korea resumed talks with Seoul on joining next month's Olympic Games.
Tillerson called on Pyongyang to agree to talks on dismantling its nuclear program.
"The North Koreans know our channels are open and they know where to find us," he said, adding, "It's time to talk, but they have to take the step that says they want to talk."
While the administration says there are several potential candidates to take Cha's place, his withdrawal underscores growing concerns about the potential for a diplomatic vacuum, not only in Seoul but in strategic posts around the world.
To date, four of the six undersecretary of state positions remain unfilled and one is held by an Obama-era holdover. There have been nominations submitted to Congress to fill two of the four vacant positions.
Ambassador posts in critical locations like Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Cairo; Doha, Qatar; Amman, Jordan and the European Union also remain vacant.
This unconventional foreign policy structure — often dictated by the president's public statements and tweets — has resulted in a withering State Department, crippled by budget cuts and staffing delays that have muddled the once-clear diplomatic channels to Washington, according to U.S. and foreign diplomats.
Trump himself made no mention of "Little Rocket Man" — his nickname for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un — or "fire and fury" when he spoke about the North in his State of the Union address Tuesday, instead adopting a relatively subdued approach.
He sought to highlight the human cost of North Korea's aggression, inviting as his guests Tuesday the parents of Otto Warmbier, the American student who died days after being released from captivity in North Korea, and Ji Seong-ho, a North Korean defector who works from Seoul to rescue other defector.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Otto Warmbier's parents receive standing ovation at State of the Union 2:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And he accused Kim and his regime of a "reckless pursuit of nuclear missiles" that pose a threat to American security.
"Past experience has taught us that complacency and concessions only invite aggression and provocation," said Trump. "I will not repeat the mistakes of past administrations that got us into this dangerous position."
The president "has served, for better or worse, as his own ambassador to Seoul," said Gordon Chang, author of "Nuclear Showdown: North Korea Takes on the World." "Any ambassador is going to be held hostage to policies that are probably very political" in nature.
No need to choose between planting either an ornamental or a fruiting bush in your yard. Plant both with a single plant! Many berry bushes are pretty enough to be grown as landscape plants.
Let's foray out into the yard to see which bushes are best at offering these dual pleasures.
BEAUTIFUL BLUES
Blueberries are an attractive and tasty place to begin this berry sampler. They are truly year-round ornamentals. Spring brings clusters of blossoms dangling from stems like dainty, white bells. Summer brings soft, slightly bluish, greenery which, come fall, ignites into a fiery red. Even in winter, the stems turn red to offer a bright contrast to a snowy backdrop.
In some gardens, birds try to monopolize every blueberry. If birds threaten, drape bird netting over the bushes while the fruits are ripening, or construct a decorative, walk-in, bird-tight cage, either permanent or temporary. Alternatively, do nothing and take your chances.
Blueberries require a soil that is moist, very acidic and rich in humus. Provide these conditions by testing the acidity of your soil and adjusting it to the requisite pH of 4 to 5.5, and by mixing a generous bucketful of peat moss into each planting hole. After planting, spread a few inches of leaves, wood chips, sawdust or some other weed-free organic mulch over the ground, to be replenished every year.
Blueberries like the same soil as rhododendrons, mountain laurels and azaleas, so why not mingle them with these other beautiful shrubs?
BEYOND BLUEBERRIES
A blueberry relative that's also ideal for “luscious landscaping” is lingonberry. This one's a spreading groundcover less than 6 inches high and decked out year-round in dark, lustrous green leaves. The red berries, tart but tasty fresh or in sauces and jams, decorate the stems all winter long. Lingonberry enjoys the same soil conditions as its blueberry kin.
More cosmopolitan in its soil likes and dislikes is juneberry. It exists in both tree and bush forms, and all sport cheery white or pink flowers in early spring, blazing orange and purple foliage in fall, and neat growth habits all year. Juneberry plants are better known for their beauty than for their fruits, but the berries — which look like blueberries — provide their own unique gustatory experience: They're sweet and juicy, with the richness of sweet cherry and a hint of almond.
Nanking cherry is another bush more often planted as an ornamental than for its fruit. It has just one season of flamboyance, but what flamboyance that is! In early spring, the whole bush bursts into a dense cloud of pinkish white blossoms.
Plant two Nanking cherries for cross-pollination and just about all those flowers will go on to become fruits. The cherries are small, pink or red, and refreshingly semi-sweet. Birds may or may not eat some fruits, but no matter. Production is so profuse that you won't notice the loss.
Much of the beauty of red currant bushes lies in the berries themselves, dangling from the branches like strings of jewels. The delicate spheres are so translucent that you can see the seeds floating within when the berries are backlit by sunlight.
Currants also are among the few fruits that bear well even in partial shade.
Red currants are the most common ones, but don't overlook equally beautiful white currants, essentially the same fruit except for their colour.
A BUSH TO PLEASE ALL YOUR SENSES
Perhaps the star performer among bushes for edible landscaping is a relatively unknown currant called the clove currant. It was a common dooryard plant in Victorian times. The name hints at why it was planted near the house: In spring, the flowers pour out a spicy, clove-like fragrance. The tart fruit is very aromatic, good for jam or just popped into your mouth as you walk around your yard.
As if fragrance and fruit were not enough, clove currant's abundant flowers also put on an-eye catching show. Each blossom is a long yellow trumpet, with a spot of red in its centre.
Native to the upper Midwest, the clove currant is also tough, able to laugh off drought, heat, cold, insects, diseases, even deer.
——
http://www.leereich.com/blog
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Virginia Tech lost in the first round of the NCAA Tournament, capping off a limp to the finish in 2018. Will next year be better?
There are a few key areas in which VT direly needed to improve its performance, particularly on the defensive end of the floor (even more specifically, three-point defense), and in terms of consistency on offense when the competition got tougher.
They also need to schedule a more difficult non-conference next year, not only to improve their resume come tournament time, but also to prepare for the rigors of conference play - and beyond.
There are reasons to believe next year will be better.
FILE - In this May 25, 2018 file photo, Harvey Weinstein listens during a court proceeding in New York. Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury that's weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges. A statement issued through a spokesman Wednesday, May 30, says Weinstein's lawyers decided there wasn't enough time to prepare him to testify. They say he learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning himself on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not. New York Post via AP, Pool Steven Hirsch
U.S. stocks fell sharply Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropping by more than 650 points.
The decline sent the Dow below the psychologically important level of 26,000, which it had just broken through for the first time two-and-a-half weeks ago. The Dow's decline of 2.5 percent was mirrored in other major indices. The S&P 500 fell 2.2 percent, and the Nasdaq Composite declined 2 percent.
Friday capped an already tough stretch for the markets, with the Dow logging its worst week in two years.
The market has surged in the "Trump rally" as analysts priced in projected higher earnings from the prospect of corporation-friendly tax cuts, regulatory rollbacks and infrastructure investment under the new administration.
But investors sold off Friday on fears that a stronger-than-expected jobs report would spur the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates more than expected. Higher interest rates for debt can spur investors to pull money out of the stock market to put into bonds.
"For months I've been saying the market is underestimating what the Fed will do in raising interest rates," Jurrien Timmer, director of global macroeconomics for Fidelity Investments, told NBC News. "In December, traders thought there would be two to three more hikes. Now it looks like three to four more hikes."
And nothing kills a bull market like rising rates. The "good news, bad news" can feel like a whipsaw for investors and shows the delicate balance of keeping the economy's fire humming — one that analysts say Trump is dumping gasoline on by adding tax cuts to an economy already on the upswing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Dow drops more than 650 points: Should we be concerned? 2:09 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But, said Timmer, it was overall healthier for the market to take notice of interest rates now rather than ignore them and have a big crash. Sort of like "eating your vegetables," he said.
The stock market decline might not do much to bolster optimism, but economic data continues to bolster the case that the U.S. is doing just fine. The U.S. added 200,000 jobs during January versus the 190,000 expected, the U.S. Labor Department reported Friday. The fastest accelerating wage growth of the recovery, 2.9 percent, heightened the prospect of tighter monetary policy and a higher interest rate increase, analysts said.
President Donald Trump has repeatedly taken to Twitter to tout the stock market gains as a sign of his administration's success, and cited the Dow's gains in speeches and appearances.
On Jan. 14, he quoted in two tweets a Fox Business Network contributor who said the "most explosive Stock Market rally that we've seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election" had "reversed our economic decline" and was "all Trump."
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we've seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2018
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney. @foxandfriends — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2018
Trump's Twitter feed was silent Friday on the market downturn. The tweets instead highlighted the positive jobs report numbers, took jabs at the FBI and Democrats as the White House approved the release of a controversial House GOP memo alleging an FBI cover-up, and retweeted a positive story about his State of the Union address performance this week.
While some pundits questioned whether the incendiary memo was dousing the stock market blaze, experts said the market downswing was all about the numbers.
"Sometimes we get something from out of the blue from other areas, but it really comes back to basic fundamentals of economics," Timmer said. "It comes down to the nuts and bolts of earnings, interest rates, liquidity and value."
Is this baby a better Trump than Trump? It seems like everyone can do an impression of Donald Trump, but none of them is as cute as this one. Elyse Jackson is only 2 years old and she's...
Hitler Weighs In On Your Favorite Presidential Candidates The 2016 presidential race has been getting pretty heated lately. It seems that the Internet is teeming with people spewing their hatred for certain candidates, even going so far as...
Impressions Of White People Watching Kendrick Lamar's Grammy Performance Last night, Kendrick Lamar delivered a powerful, politically charged performance of his songs, “The Blacker The Berry” and “Alright” at the Grammy Awards. Here to offer some impressions of white...
Sophisticated Donald Trump Talks Policy With Barbara Walters Sophisticated Donald Trump is back, and this time he's laying his posh accent and crazy talk on America's favorite celebrity broadcast journalist, Barbara Walters. Even though Donald's words sound less like...
Man Channels The Grinch To Troll A Small English Town This man dressed as The Grinch to spread mischief around a small English town is really channeling Jim Carrey. He is also channeling every person who loves to troll Christmas fanatics....
Hear All Your Favorite Cartoon Characters Sing 'Hello' If you ever wondered what ‘Hello' by Adele would sound like if the cast of ‘Family Guy' performed it, you're in luck. Cartoon impressionist, Mikey Bolts, covered the hit song...
5-Year-Old Girl Slays System Of A Down On The Drums All hail the little drummer girl for she brings tidings of rocking out hard. Eduarda Henklein slays this drum cover of System Of A Down‘s “Toxicity” like a pro and with...
Adele does the best impression of Adele The general population is buzzing with excitement over the new Adele album that was released last week, so we've seen an onslaught of people doing Adele impressions. But no one...
Adele's 'Hello' Is So Good It Works In 25 Different Musical Styles Adele‘s “Hello” is so good it can stand up to being covered in the style of Rod Stewart, and that's no easy feat. Anthony Vincent of Ten Second Songs takes...
(AP Photo/Silvia Izquierdo). Carlos Nuzman, President of the Brazilian Olympic Committee, center, is escorted by federal police officers after being taken into custody at his home, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. The president of the...
By GRAHAM DUNBARAP Sports Writer
ZURICH (AP) - Olympic official Carlos Nuzman has been suspended by the IOC, with the decision coming only hours after Brazilian authorities investigating a vote-buying case asked for help from prosecutors in Switzerland.
Nuzman was arrested on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro. He is believed to have stored gold bars in Geneva.
The Brazilian Olympic Committee, which Nuzman leads as president, has also been provisionally suspended and had its funding frozen.
The International Olympic Committee announced the decisions after an emergency meeting by its executive board.
Nuzman is suspected of obstructing a criminal investigation into how the city won the hosting rights for the 2016 Olympics. He had been detained and questioned one month ago by Brazilian and French authorities.
The 75-year-old lawyer was also removed from the IOC's panel overseeing preparations for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Karma may be a bigger you-know-what than, well, you know how the saying goes.
After Mark Gastineau, the former Jets defensive end, spoke out about his deteriorating health, citing struggles with dementia and Parkinson's, during a recent interview, TMZ caught up with his ex-wife, Lisa, outside West Hollywood haunt Craig's over the weekend, alleging a spiritual power could be to blame.
“Maybe it's karma,” Lisa, 58, said, before literally spelling it out, “K-A-R-M-A.”
Gastineau, 61, wed his first wife in 1979, then separated in 1986 as a result of his affair with actress Brigitte Nielsen. He and Lisa would finalize their divorce in 1991. They share one daughter, Brittny, now 35, who would later appear on the E! reality series, “Gastineau Girls” with her mom.
Earlier this month, Gastineau publicly pleaded for commissioner Roger Goodell to help former players who are suffering, revealing he has yet to receive compensation as a result of the NFL's billion-dollar concussion settlement.
“I want the NFL to treat people right,” Gastineau told WOR's Pete McCarthy in a radio interview. “They have to. The commissioner has to. … Hey, Roger Goodell, treat people right.”
see also Jets great breaks down pleading with Goodell for dementia help Mark Gastineau is calling on Roger Goodell to live up...
Gastineau and Goodell have known each other for decades, with the five-time Pro Bowler once referring to the former Jets public relations intern as his “ball boy.”
“I want to hold you to your promise, Roger Goodell,” Gastineau said. “When I was big, I treated him good. He's big now, you know what? Treat us good.”
Gastineau first addressed his ailing health last year, revealing he was suffering from dementia, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
“My wife, she and I used to go around and do yard work, but you know what, she does everything now for me,” Gastineau said of second wife, JoAnn. “It's not good, it's not good when I'm lying in bed till 3, 4 or 5 [in the afternoon]. It's not good. There'll be days I get up and I'm good. I'll tell you, and my wife will tell you, she helps me get out of bed. She'll help me remember names.”
Gastineau retired from the NFL in 1988 after nine seasons.
An asteroid is said to have wiped out the dinosaurs – but a massive space rock could trigger the extinction of humanity too.
Now scientists have spelled out exactly how an asteroid could kill the people unlucky enough to be caught underneath one if – or when – when it smashes into Earth.
How could an asteroid kill us?
Researchers from the University of Southampton have set out seven different risks posed by an asteroid collision.
They published a paper discussing “asteroid impact effects and their immediate hazards for human populations” on the same day an asteroid the size of the Rock of Gibraltar zoomed uncomfortably close to Earth.
The team used computer simulations to assess the risk posed by 50,000 different sizes of an asteroid.
Their study found that asteroids caused much more death and destruction if they smashed into the ground or exploded in the sky above a land mass in an “airburst,” rather than crashing into the sea and causing a tsunami.
“The analysis of average casualty numbers per impactor [asteroid] shows that there is a significant difference in expected loss for airburst and surface impacts and that the average impact over land is an order of magnitude more dangerous than one over water,” the team wrote.
As you'd expect, the researchers also found that larger asteroids pose more of a risk than smaller ones.
However, space rocks which were smaller than about 131-feet in diameter were more likely to explode in an airburst, posing a different kind of risk to the people below.
They set out seven different ways in which space rocks could cause “loss of life.”
Thermal radiation
If an asteroid hits our planet, it will cause a massive fireball.
The effects of this are likely to be devastating to anyone caught out in the open when impact occurs.
If the asteroid hits a city or explodes above it, buildings are likely to be set on fire – with larger asteroids causing fireballs which are miles wide.
While humans would be able to shelter from the fireballs caused by smaller space rocks by sheltering in basements, the risks posed by a larger object are so great that cities would have to be evacuated if there was a risk of an asteroid impact.
Wind blast
The wind generated when an asteroid smashes into Earth or blows up in an airburst is the “most critical impact effect.”
Any gusts caused by an asteroid impact are likely to be so severe that they “dislocate bodies and objects to cause harm.”
The wind caused by a large space rock would tear humans limb from limb and knock buildings down on top of them.
An asteroid needs to be just 59 feet wide to cause casualties in this manner, the researchers found.
Overpressure
This is the scientific term for the shockwave caused when an asteroid explodes in the air or crashes into the ground or sea.
It was this effect which caused injuries when a meteor exploded in the sky over the Russian town of Chelyabinsk.
The researchers wrote: “Most of the damage and injuries during that event were caused by the aerodynamic shock that knocked people to the ground and damaged structures and windows, causing indirect injuries by flying glass shards.”
Overpressure can also “rupture internal organs.”
If the asteroid is large enough, the overpressure would effectively pulp victims' insides.
Cratering
When an object hits a planet, it usually causes a massive crater.
Sometimes the force is so great that the asteroid instantaneously melts away.
However, the risk is likely to be quite small unless you're unlucky enough to be in the exact area where the crater has formed.
But by the time cratering occurred, you'd probably have been blown to smithereens by the overpressure or incinerated in a fireball.
Ejecta
The process of cratering is likely to throw up a huge amount of rocks and debris into the air.
Some of these fragments are likely to be red hot, meaning they could start further fires even after a fireball had died down.
Others will be very heavy, meaning they would squash anyone in their way.
However, both ejecta and cratering are considered to be low risk because humans would have already been killed by the other effects of an asteroid impact.
If the object is large enough, however, it would send material flying into the air which could block out the sun.
If this material lingered in the atmosphere for long enough it would cause plants to die and would slowly starve everything on Earth.
Seismic shaking
An asteroid impact would likely cause an earthquake.
But quakes are only considered to only have a “minor effect” on the number of casualties.
The asteroid is unlikely to cause the same sort of devastation caused by the sort of natural disasters humans are familiar with.
If you're far away enough from the asteroid that you don't have to worry about being burned alive or blown to bits, you probably don't have to worry about earthquakes shaking your house down on top of you.
Tsunami
If an asteroid plunged into the ocean, it would inevitably trigger a massive wave.
This has the potential to kill people who are far away enough from the asteroid to be safe from the fireball and overpressure.
But a tsunami wave takes quite a long time to spread across a large ocean, giving people the chance to save themselves by scrambling to higher land.
“Tsunamis can only reach near-coastal populations because their inland reach is limited to a couple miles,” the researchers added.
They found that tsunamis are less of a risk than previously thought.
Easter Monday saw eight games in the second round of the EA Sports Cup, with Cork City comfortable winners over Limerick, while it took penalties for Dundalk and the holders St Pat's to progress.
Cork City ran out 3-0 victors over Limerick at the Markets Field.
Strikes from Garry Buckley on 22 and Shane Griffin on 68 minutes either side of an own goal from Shane Tracey secured City's passage to the quarter-finals
There has been much talk of late from Dundalk manager Stephen Kenny bemoaning a lack of penalties awarded to his side. Well, it was from the spot that the Co Louth club got the better of UCD as they prevailed 7-6 in a penalty shootout at Oriel Park.
The game finished 1-1 after 90 minutes and there were no more goals in extra time.
Gary O'Neill gave the First Division side a half-time lead but Dundalk did have a chance to level - when Ciaran Kilduff stepped up to take a penalty. - a first awarded to the club in almost a year. However, UCD keeper Niall Corbet got down well to block the effort.
Kenny's men drew level when Conor Clifford scored his first goal for the club on 76 minutes.
The drama from the penalty spot saw both sides convert until UCD's Yousef Mahdy fail to do so when it got to sudden death.
2016 winners St Pat's played out a scoreless draw after 120 minutes of football with Bray Wanderers at Richmond Park.
The winning penalty today scored by Graham Kelly #EASPORTSCUP pic.twitter.com/RrLykPj9cZ — St Patrick's Ath (@stpatsfc) April 17, 2017
Jake Kelly was the hero in the drama that followed as he converted to seal a 5-3 win on pens for Liam Buckley's sde.
Shamrock Rovers prevailed 3-1 in their Dublin derby with Bohemians at Tallaght Stadium.
Brandon Miele helped himself to a second-half brace with goals on 65 and 79 minutes. The Gypsies, through Ian Morris had levelled after Darren Meenan put the home side in front early in the first half.
Galway United have yet to win a game in the Premier Division this season, but goals from Kevin Devaney after 27 minutes and Vinny Faherty in injury time saw them emerge victorious on a 2-0 scoreline against Derry City at Terryland Park.
Sligo Rovers advanced after a 1-0 win over Finn Harps at Finn Park. Extra time was required to sort out this North West derby, with Matthew Stevens getting on the end of Daniel Kearns' cross to head home the winner on 115 minutes.
Perhaps of greater concern for Harps were the injuries to three of their players - BJ Banda, goalkeeper Harry Doherty and Packie Mailey - who were all hospitalised.
Banda went down following a challenge after 27 minutes.
Having received touchline treatment, he was stretched off and taken away from the ground in an ambulance.
Both Doherty and Mailey were involved in a clash of heads and play was stopped for 20 minutes.
Waterford dug out a 2-0 victory against fellow First Division outfit Cobh Ramblers at the RSC.
Dean O'Halloran broke the deadlock after 28 minutes with a well-timed header, and Derek Daly swept home an excellent team move three minutes from time to seal it.
Goals from Gavin Boyne on 39 and Dylan McGlade were enough for Longford Town to defeat Shelbourne 2-0 at Tolka Park.
40 Insurance Companies To Recapitalise
No fewer than 40 out of the 58 insurance companies operating in the country will be required to recapitalise their shareholders' fund this year, LEADERSHIP has exclusively gathered.
The planned recapitalisation follows the drop in shareholders' fund of the insurance companies, which is now below statutory requirement. The recapitalisation, it was learnt, is to enable the companies cope with the current business realities.
The last recapitalisation exercise in the industry was done nine years ago. The exercise saw life insurance companies increase their capital base from N150 million to N2 billion, with non-life licence moving from N200 million capital bases to N3 billion, while composite insurance licence which was being issued for N350 million before recapitalisation shot up to N5 billion.
It was also learnt that there have been incessant calls for another round of recapitalisation by some concerned stakeholders in the sector, especially with the current capital base which has been described as not reflecting current business realities.
The new recapitalisation process, investigation shows, will categorise underwriting firms into tiers, with the level of capitalisation determining the risks businesses underwrite.
The new capital base would be adequately spelt out in the Risk Based Supervision (RBS) framework that would be made public in the first quarter of 2017, LEADERSHIP gathered.
As it stands, the shareholders' funds of some underwriting firms have dropped below statutory requirement. The shareholders' funds of seven firms are presently below statutory capital requirement, while those of 10 others are slightly above the required capital base according to the 2014 Insurance Digest, which is the latest publication of the Nigerian Insurers Association (NIA).
This shows an urgent call for recapitalisation for the insurance industry to be an active player in the financial sector of the economy.
The new supervision template, investigation shows, would also translate to business specialisation where some underwriters would be restricted to a particular line of business because of their low capital base, while some insurers would be asked to upgrade their capital base if they want to play in a particular market, such as aviation, marine and oil and gas.
Apart from the fact that there is no longer a uniform capital base among operators, there are strong indications that some illiquid operators may adopt mergers and acquisitions to continue to operate in the insurance industry.
The commissioner for insurance, National Insurance Commission (NAICOM), Alhaji Mohammed Kari, asserted that capitalisation is the way forward for insurance firms.
According to him, “Consolidation is inevitable. We have many players in the industry that do not add value to the services they provide, both in the intermediary and insurance sectors. Consolidation does not mean just an additional capital; it could be redefining and identifying the type of insurance business you want to operate.
“For instance, if you did not have as much capital as company B, you would operate within the confines of your capital. Today, we have capital as the only basis for operation, and if you meet the minimum capital, you can operate.”
The current legislation, he said, had structured the industry into Life, General and Miscellaneous, adding that if one is licensed to do general business, it means that with N3 billion, such a firm can attempt to insure a petroleum refinery or can claim the right to insure an airline, which, he said, is not right looking at the foundation of insurance.
“This is because, to be able to hold a risk, you must have enough asset base to cover the risk. So, risk-based is being able to identify your financial capability. If your financial capability does not guarantee you to insure an oil refinery or airline, you will not be allowed to do so.
“Your financial ability may be to insure a Keke NAPEP, then, you will be a specialist in Keke NAPEP insurance. That is what risk-based is going to be,” he explained.
He pointed out that the new supervision model would require a review of the minimum capital requirement to measure its adequacy.
“If not,” he contended, “we would require additional capital to meet that minimum. But if it is okay, we would just require the classification of companies' assets plus the extra needed to get into the class of business one wants to undertake.”
The minister of finance, Mrs. Kemi Adeosun, had earlier said the insurance sector needed another round of recapitalisation in order to reposition, adding that there is no alternative to recapitalising the sector.
“The first top three banks in the country have over N30 billion capital base each, while the top three insurance companies' capital base is less,” she said.
The finance minister explained that the main aim of the reform is to ensure the emergence of bigger and stronger players in the industry.
She said: “The principal objective of the reform is to have emergence of bigger and stronger players with enhanced capacity, restoration of confidence of the public, and enhancement of international competitiveness of local operators.”
Prior to this time, Nigeria insurers had operated on marginal scale and that accounted for why the market had not benefited much, especially from oil and energy business.
When LEADERSHIP enquired about the preparedness of insurers to adjust to this development, some said they were already operating within their capital base and trying to avoid taking businesses they have no capacity for, as spelt out in the RBS, to underwrite.
LEADERSHIP investigation shows that some insurance companies are already planning ahead of the commencement of the new supervision framework that will signal a new form of capitalisation in the industry.
For instance, Great Nigeria Insurance (GNI) Plc has completed the sale of its 75 per cent stake to Insurance Resourcery Consultancy Services Ltd (IRCSL), which, by this transaction, has become a major shareholder in the insurance company.
On the other hand, a Cote D'Ivoire Insurance Company, Sunu Assurances Vie Cote D'Ivoire, earlier in the year, acquired a 60 per cent stake in Equity Assurance.
Also, Cornerstone Insurance has acquired Finsurance in a bid to expand its operations, so Finsurance is now operating as a subsidiary of Cornerstone Insurance.
Speaking on this development, the managing director, Finsurance, Mr Polycarp Didam, said: “This is different from what applied in the past where the regulator will have to increase capital base of companies. This time, it is internal, that is, within the organisation. The company decides the kind of risk it wants to underwrite and decides the capital.”
For Finsurance, he said the board is already proactive while awaiting the regulator to come out with appropriate guidelines.
“We are already looking ahead to determining the kind of risk we want to play and the appropriate capital too,” he stated.
Speaking on how his company will operate under RBS, the group managing director, Royal Exchange Plc, Alhaji Auwalu Muktari, said his firm would be an active player in the area of risk-based structure.
According to him, the company is only waiting for the final directive from the regulatory body.
“We have to examine our shareholders' funds and the areas we have been playing so well because the risk-based (system) will affect all aspects of our businesses.
“As of today in Royal Exchange, we are looking at increasing our shareholders' fund to enable us play at the top and actively position the company to be among the first players in the insurance industry in Nigeria and Africa,” he said.
On his part, managing director, Anchor Insurance Ltd, Mr. Mayowa Adeduro, believes that risk-based supervision is the right way to go because there are some companies, supposedly with big capital, but based on the risk they had underwritten, are undercapitalised.
So also, he said, some companies, supposedly called small players, but with the volume of their business, are over-capitalised.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Carson Wentz vows to ‘come back stronger than ever'
Carson Wentz shared a video on social media Monday after news came out that he has a torn ACL.
The Philadelphia Eagles quarterback was very spiritual in his message, saying that he knows the injury is part of a plan and that he will learn from it.
Here's a look at the video:
Some quick thoughts for everyone. Can't thank my family, friends, teammates, and fans enough. Love y'all! #AO1 pic.twitter.com/vBwxG4So5N — Carson Wentz (@cj_wentz) December 11, 2017
Perhaps most comforting to Eagles fans is that Wentz vowed to come back stronger following the injury. He was also firm in saying that the knee injury will not stop him.
Wentz shared a similar message on Twitter Sunday night before news of his ACL tear was made official.
NFC East Champs! So proud of the resiliency of this team. Such a special group of men. And I greatly appreciate all the prayers! I know my God is a powerful one with a perfect plan. Time to just lean in to him and trust whatever the circumstances! #Proverbs3:5-6 — Carson Wentz (@cj_wentz) December 11, 2017
The injury comes at a time when the Eagles are getting set for the playoffs, as they already have clinched the NFC East. Wentz was also a leading contender for NFL MVP.
Given how late in the season Wentz suffered the injury, there is now uncertainty surrounding his status for the start of the 2018 season.
LOS ANGELES — Charles Manson's cremated remains have been scattered nearly four months after the cult leader died in prison. A funeral was held Saturday following a court battle for the 83-year-old's remains.
Pastor Mark Pitcher of the Church of the Nazarene in Porterville, California, says 20 to 25 people attended the funeral.
Among them were Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
Freeman prevailed last week in a months-long court fight for custody of Manson's remains.
His grandfather was cremated after the service and his ashes scattered.
Pitcher said Monday he agreed to lead the service because Freeman and his wife are Christians.
Manson was sentenced to life in prison for orchestrating the 1969 murders of actress Sharon Tate and eight others.
He died in November.
Toys R Us blames rivals for host of self-inflicted wounds Toys R Us said Thursday it was giving up its fight to stay alive, and that it was killed by vendors that failed to support the 70-year-old chain, by rivals...
An inside look at how many people are actually watching Prime Video Amazon Prime Video has grown into a formidable force in the US, according to a report on Thursday. Amazon had 26 million subscribers across the country at the end of...
Are scammers trying to cash in on Khloé's baby registry? As of Wednesday, at least three registries created by users posing as the reality star have popped up on Amazon.
Climate change could destroy the world's wildlife More than half of the world's forest wildlife could be extinct by the end of the century. Climate change could destroy many of the plants and animals that live inside...
Apple and Google's corporate reputations have plunged Apple and Alphabet's Google corporate brands dropped in an annual survey while Amazon maintained the top spot for the third consecutive year, and electric carmaker Tesla rocketed higher after sending...
Cigna to buy Express Scripts for $54 billion US health insurer Cigna said on Thursday it would buy pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts for about $54 billion, a tie-up that reflects pressure on health care companies to grow...
Alexa owners creeped out as devices start randomly laughing Amazon customers are freaked out that the electronic personal assistant is randomly laughing - and have flooded the company with complaints.
Medicaid recipients will get Amazon Prime discount Amazon is stepping up its efforts to court lower-income shoppers. The online retailing giant said Wednesday that customers with a valid Medicaid card will now be eligible to become members...
GGP, one of the largest owners and operators of US shopping centers, has rejected a $14.8 billion buyout offer from its biggest shareholder, Brookfield Property Partners, people familiar with the matter said on Sunday.
Brookfield Property made a $23-per-share cash and stock offer last month for the 66 percent of GGP it does not already own. A combination of Chicago-based GGP and Brookfield Property would create one of the world's largest publicly traded property companies.
Brookfield Property is considering a new offer for GGP after a special committee of GGP's board directors turned down its Nov. 11 offer as inadequate, and negotiations between the two companies are expected to continue, the sources said.
The companies do not plan to make a new announcement unless their negotiations lead to a deal or end unsuccessfully, the sources added, asking not to be identified because the discussions are confidential.
GGP and Brookfield Property did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Brookfield Property's efforts to buy GGP have come as mall owners across the United States are struggling as a result of many retailers losing out to e-commerce firms such as Amazon.com.
GGP shares ended trading at $23.43 on Friday, giving it a market capitalization of $22.2 billion. Its shares have underperformed the wider stock market this year because of the company's exposure to troubled retailers such as Sears Holdings.
Brookfield Property Partners shares ended trading on Friday at $21.61, giving it a market capitalization of $15.2 billion.
Brookfield Property, an owner and operator of office and retail properties, said last month the deal would allow it to grow, transform or reposition GGP's shopping centers.
The acquisition would create a company with an ownership interest in almost $100 billion real estate assets globally and annual net operating income of about $5 billion, according to Brookfield Property.
It is not the first time Brookfield Property's attempt to buy out a real estate investment trust in which it already owns a big stake has been rejected. Last year, Rouse Properties, another U.S. mall owner, rejected an offer by Brookfield Property, its largest shareholder, only to subsequently agree to a sweetened $2.8 billion offer.
Other GGP peers are also coming under pressure. Rival mall owner Macerich currently is under pressure from activist hedge fund Third Point Management to explore options including a sale.
Contemporary Welsh painter Sarah Jane Brown is exhibiting a number of her paintings at the Russell Gallery's highly regarded Christmas Show in Putney, London. Three significant pieces have been selected from Sarah Jane's portfolio, and they will be hung alongside other work in a mixed exhibition which features established as well as new and emerging artists.
The Russell Gallery is an established modern British art gallery exhibiting an eclectic range of figurative and abstract paintings, primarily in oils and pastels, and often full of colour. Sarah Jane Brown ‘a three landscape paintings, ‘Composure', ‘Dignity' and ‘In spite of the rain', will be available to view at their mixed Christmas exhibition until 27th January 2018.
Sarah Jane has exhibited widely across the UK including several solo shows in Cardiff and prestigious exhibitions in London. Her paintings are now collected internationally. Forthcoming exhibitions include Off The Wall Gallery's Christmas Show, Cardiff, from 9th December 2017, and the Surrey Contemporary Art Fair 23-25 February 2018. Current work can also be viewed at Etcetera Gallery in St Davids, Off The Wall Gallery in Cardiff, and The Discerner Gallery in Mayfair by appointment.
Sarah Jane Brown lives in the heart of the spectacular Pembrokeshire Coast National Park in West Wales. Born in 1970, she had been painting for more than 20 years before studying as a mature student. She specialised in Fine Art Painting at the West Wales School of the Arts, where she was awarded a First Class Honours Degree and named student of the year. Since graduating from Sarah Jane Brown's career as a full time professional artist continues to gain momentum and recognition, she has exhibited widely and her work is now attracting collectors throughout the UK and overseas.
Christmas Show at the Russell Gallery, 12 Richmond Road, Putney, London SW15 1JP.
Dates: 30th November 2017 to 27th January 2018. Opening hours: 10am – 5:30pm Tuesday – Saturday. Gallery closes 24th December 2017, and reopens 16th January 2018.
Tel: 0208 780 5228. Website: www.russell-gallery.com
For more information about Sarah Jane Brown and to see more of her work please visit her website: www.sjbart.com
(Visited 5 times, 1 visits today)
Kyle Craig | For lehighvalleylive.com
The lehighvalleylive girls lacrosse rankings experienced a steady week with the biggest victory coming from Freedom, which defeated Emmaus for the first time in program history.
There was more movement in the boys Top 5, however, as Emmaus suffered through a string of contests that it would prefer to forget.
Find the latest rankings and the Boys and Girls Players of the Week below.
GIRLS LACROSSE RANKINGS
Kaby Lake? I think that's where I used to spend my school holidays…
Either that, or a movie summer camp being stalked by a crazed killer, right? Not quite. It's actually Intel's latest batch of high performance processors, which have been tweaked and trimmed from last year's Skylake chips.
Intel used to work on a “Tick-Tock” approach, launching a chip one year and then streamlining it the next. Y'know, Moore's law and all that. Now though, it's going for “process - architecture - optimisation”, a three year cycle that'll mean smaller gains, but still plenty to get excited about for anyone upgrading.
So no crazy clock speeds, then?
Afraid not, this year's chips aren't about to blow holes in benchmark leaderboards or crank out unbeatable overclocks - but you should still be excited that Razer's sticking them in its Blade laptops.
Because Kaby Lake uses a slightly updated manufacturing process, each chip can squeeze out a few extra megahertz without draining a whole lot more power. That means you'll get slightly better performance, and won't spend as long plugged into the mains between charges.
Sports News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: footballghana.com
2017-01-02
Avram Grant
Head coach of the Black stars, Avram Grant believes Ghana can achieve a lot of good things if his team wins the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations scheduled for Gabon from January 14th -5th February.
Grant led Ghana to the finals of the Afcon in 2015 but lost out on the ultimate after a penalty shootout defeat to the Ivory Coast but he is confident of making amends this time.
The former Chelsea boss has observed his players for the past four days at the St. Thomas Aquinas School and is expected to name his final 23-man squad of Monday, January 2nd before the team travels to the UAE for a 12-day pre-tournament camping.
Speaking to a delegation sent by the president-elect Nana Akufo-Addo to meet the team at the Alisa Hotel on Sunday afternoon, Grant revealed the nation stands to benefit a lot from the team's success in Gabon reason Nana Akufo-Addo must throw all the needed support behind his team.
“The Ghanaian society can achieve a lot if we win the 2017 Afcon but we need government's support.” “Things got difficult during the past few weeks but we can change things this time.” “Other teams have the same desire to win just like us but we are equally hungry to win and we can make it with focus and determination.” He said.
Ghana have been drawn in Group D of the tournament alongside Egypt, Uganda and Mali and will open their campaign on January 17th against Uganda.
A straphanger tumbled onto the tracks at the 96th Street subway station Friday afternoon — and miraculously survived being run over by a train, authorities and witnesses said.
The man, 56, fell onto the northbound tracks of the B/C train at about 2:44 p.m. just as the train was approaching the station, witnesses said. He landed in the track well, and the train ran over him, but he was not struck.
Witnesses in the station said they thought the man was dead until he started yelling for help.
“Everyone was very concerned,” said a station worker.
A, B, C, and D trains were delayed during the rescue.
Emergency personnel took the man to St. Luke's Hospital with injuries that are not believed to be life threatening.
Fool me once, the saying goes, shame on you. Fool me twice, three times, four times — then you must be Jimmy Carter.
America's self-appointed global scold is at it again, explaining in The Washington Post how simple it would be to defuse the North Korea nuke crisis, if only someone who really understands Pyongyang and its “completely rational” leaders was given the task.
(Hint: His initials are JC and he's from Georgia.)
Carter contends that Kim Jong-un, like his father and grandfather before him, just wants peace through direct talks with Washington, a permanent treaty and an end to sanctions — which the former president implies are responsible for millions suffering from famine.
Actually it's North Korea — a concentration camp of a nation run by a ruthless dynasty — that for decades has inflicted unspeakable suffering on its own people.
But for Carter to suggest he knows best how to end Pyongyang's saber-rattling is ludicrous — akin to Neville Chamberlain advising Churchill how to deal with Hitler.
Because few people have done as much as Carter to abet North Korea's pursuit of nuclear weapons. It was Carter who, in 1994, appointed himself peacemaker and scurried off to Pyongyang, undercutting then-President Bill Clinton's push for tougher sanctions against North Korea.
Carter negotiated a sweetheart deal that gave Pyongyang two nuclear reactors and $5 billion in aid in return for its promise to quit seeking nukes.
Carter won the Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts. But in 2002, the North Koreans 'fessed up and admitted they'd violated the pact from Day One. Four years later, they had their first nuclear weapon.
Yes, North Korea remains one of the world's thorniest and potentially most dangerous crises. But the path to resolving it doesn't lie through Jimmy Carter.
Ryan Fitzpatrick knee sprain roils Jets' QB picture: Bryce Petty time? Jet fans clamoring for Bryce Petty to replace Ryan Fitzpatrick at quarterback may get their wish this week … or be left waiting for a while longer. Jets coach Todd...
Kick return gone wrong bizarrely, effectively ends Jets' year MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. — It was only fitting the Jets flushed their season in South Florida on Sunday because they played like something that belongs in a toilet. The Jets...
Jets bring back safety fixture after TE fails physical The Jets are bringing back a familiar face. The team signed safety Antonio Allen on Tuesday. The Jets originally took Allen in the seventh round of the 2012 draft. He...
Two exits make it official: This draft class killed the Jets General managers like to say it takes a few years before you can evaluate a draft class. Well, the verdict is in on the Jets' 2012 class: It stunk. After...
Jets find Snacks replacement: Steelers' Steve McLendon The Jets have plugged one of their roster holes. Free-agent nose tackle Steve McLendon and the Jets were working toward an agreement Tuesday night and optimism was high they would...
It could be a very long time until the Jets see Antonio Allen again The Jets may have lost safety Antonio Allen for a long time after he suffered an apparent Achilles tendon injury on Thursday. Allen dropped to the ground during a team...
Percy Harvin, Antonio Allen iffy to face Titans Summing up the Jets' injury front for Sunday in Tennessee, it appears it is: no, maybe, possibly, yes — although the maybe sounds like a no. Safety Antonio Allen (hand)...
Jets rewind: Run-heavy was right call, and that's the problem The Jets suffered another embarrassing loss on Monday night. This time the score was not the embarrassing part, losing just 16-13, but the way they looked scared to have their...
Jets rewind: Missed meeting least of worries over Geno Smith The Jets got blown out by the Chargers 31-0 on Sunday, their fourth straight loss. The season is spiraling downward rapidly. Here are some thoughts off Sunday's embarrassing loss: 1....
The Wall Street Journal recently reported on the “Blade Runner” curse. If you're familiar with the 1982 sci-fi cult classic, constantly reissued in some new “director's cut” or “special edition,”...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of residents have been allowed to return to their homes nearly 24 hours after a car crash caused a huge gas leak.
Purley Way was shut as a result of a car colliding with an energy plant in Whitestone Way on Sunday evening (March 18).
A 250-metre cordon was put in place and around 900 residents were forced to find alternative overnight accommodation.
A shelter for those affected was set up by Croydon Council at Waddon Leisure Centre in Purley Way.
At around 7pm on Monday (March 19), SGN confirmed the exclusion zone was removed and residents were finally able to return to their properties if they wished to do so.
A Croydon Council spokesman added: “Electricity is currently being restored to all of the affected properties on Whitestone Way.
"SGN engineers are continuing to work on site to re-establish the gas supply to properties as quickly as possible.
“From 7.30pm this evening, the council and its partners on site will be supporting residents who wish to return to their homes – despite the current lack of heating and hot water – to do so."
(Image: Matthew Cammack)
According to the council, the shelter would continue to operate to accommodate those residents who do not wish to go home until the gas supply has returned.
The council has thanked residents for their "continued patience today”.
Follow the latest updates on this story here.
SOUTH ELGIN, Ill. — The Latest on a police standoff in suburban Chicago (all times local):
11:30 a.m.
Police say a 52-year-old suburban Chicago man who was fatally shot after a four-hour standoff immediately opened fire on officers as they arrived at his home.
South Elgin Police Sgt. Mike Doty says three officers were “struck by gunfire.” He says their injuries are not life threatening.
Police say Frank Dripps fired at officers with a shotgun Tuesday night after they were called to his home in South Elgin, about 40 miles (65 kilometres) northwest of Chicago. He then barricaded himself inside a stairwell of the condominium building where he lived.
Doty says Dripps yelled vulgarities at officers and stated “he would shoot officers if they came at him.” Doty also says Dripps raised his shotgun and a rifle with a scope to his shoulder “off and on” before police shot and killed him early Wednesday morning.
——
9:15 am
A suburban Chicago police officer fatally shot a man who fired at officers, wounding three, during an overnight standoff.
The officers' injuries were not life threatening.
The Chicago Tribune reports the standoff began late Tuesday when police were called to a home in South Elgin, about 40 miles (65 kilometres) northwest of Chicago, for a report of shots fired.
Police Sgt. Mike Doty says at least two shotgun blasts were fired at officers as they approached. Police surrounded the building and evacuated neighbouring homes.
Officers began negotiating with the man, who barricaded himself in a stairwell. Police believed he was armed with a scoped rifle as well as the shotgun.
Police say an officer shot and killed the unidentified man after he fired at police again around 2:30 a.m. Wednesday.
Jaleel White co-stars on “Me, Myself & I” as Darryl, the best friend/confidant to 40-year-old inventor Alex (Bobby Moynihan), whose life unfolds in three stages on the freshman CBS sitcom. (Jack Dylan Grazer and John Larroquette play the teen and senior versions of Alex.)
“Darryl is Alex's clean-cut best-friend since middle school,” says White. “Witty, loyal and supportive. In business, Alex is the dreamer and Darryl is Alex's grounding force.”
White, 40, is best-known to viewers of a certain age as Steve Urkel, the nasal, geeky, suspenders-wearing next-door neighbor and breakout star on “Family Matters,” which aired from 1989-98 on ABC and CBS. Here, White talks about “Me, Myself & I” — and Urkel.
You've worked steadily, yet “Me, Myself & I” is your first co-starring role in quite some time. Why?
I think it's a little bit of happenstance. I've been working in the single-camera [drama] format so much in the last several years [that] when a single-camera comedy came along I really wanted my shot at that. It all came together [on “Me, Myself & I”] — it made sense for the producers and for me. I literally made it a goal, because I'm a dad first and I have to take care of my daughter … I wanted to be on every network drama there is. It really almost got to the point where I didn't care about the dialogue. I was just racing through 'em — “NCIS,” “Bones,” “Castle,” “Hawaii Five-0.” I did “Survivor's Remorse” last year.
Did Urkel help or hinder your career?
I'm literally looking at Jason Alexander's commercial for his new AT&T show [“Hit the Road”] as you're asking me that question and find it hella ironic. He's very much George Costanza [from “Seinfeld”] as far as I'm concerned. At the end of the day, I don't care how talented you are, there's an element of luck that goes into being in our business. I've got no gripes at all; very few people in this business get a chance to choose how they pop onto the scene. The good news is that pretty much every black woman who sees me is gonna call me [Urkel's alter-ego] Stefan. They're not gonna call me Urkel.
Would you ever reprise the role?
I think there's some fun to be had but I'm focused on what I'm doing right now. I was at a Dodgers event recently and I passed [former child actor] Haley Joel Osment, who obviously looks very different now. He's a grown man. I stopped him, shook his hand and was like, “Dude, you are a riot on ‘Silicon Valley,' and we just had that kind of handshake … of being part of the fraternity that knows how to go about this. I know what he's been through — and he didn't wear any suspenders.
William Shatner used to gripe about being known as Capt. Kirk from “Star Trek.” Do you feel that way about Urkel?
I did an episode of “Boston Legal” with William Shatner and he didn't even know who I was. I did a take and after the director yelled “cut!” he turned to me and said, “You're pretty good, do you know you did kinda like a Jack Benny thing? You've got some chops.” I wish people could be humble enough to understand that this world is very generational, so if William Shatner didn't know who I was, well, there's a 6-year old someplace who doesn't know him or me.
PARIS — A tardy Naomi Campbell triggered a dangerous media scrum as she entered Jean-Paul Gaultier's couture ode to smoking in Paris Wednesday.
It raised the heat in the already scorching atmosphere on the final day of Paris fall-winter shows.
Temperatures reached heatwave levels and sweating fashionistas fanned themselves with Gaultier-branded fans.
Here are some highlights of the couture collections.
GAULTIER'S ODE TO SMOKING
It's been banned in public — but smoking evidently has not been outlawed as a source of fashion inspiration.
The unusual homage by Jean-Paul Gaultier to one of the world's dirtiest, and most glamorous, habits made for a typically tongue-in-cheek collection of 73 varied looks.
A black bison tuxedo jacket had the words “Gaultier Smoking” emblazoned on the front.
It was a play on words on the French translation on “tuxedo,” which is “le smoking” — and one that continued in myriad black and white deconstructions of tuxedo looks.
A surreal variation on the red Fez hat from Morocco — a country famed for its shisha pipes — also made an appearance. It covered the face, and from eye slits, the red tassels seemed to hang down like tears.
Tulle mouth masks followed white plume boas representing plumes of smoke.
But the final creation — a giant silver bridal veil — was the most creative look. Its shimmering, five-meter (16-foot) train was so diaphanous, it licked the air and evoked rising smoke.
Pedro Almodovar's muse, actress Rossy de Palma, applauded from the front row.
——
ELIE SAAB
Elie Saab took his itinerant couture inspiration to Barcelona this season.
The famed Modernist architecture of Antoni Gaudi — and its organic lines — were the focus of many of the Lebanese designer's gowns.
Oversize rounded shoulders, which were sometimes dramatically raised from the body, were a new silhouette variation on the house's bread-and-butter cinched waist looks.
The industrious Saab couture atelier had got to work to weave the signature crystals, sequins and pearls together to — as the program notes put it — depict “the sinuosity of organic forms.”
The swirling stone reliefs of the Musee des Arts Decoratifs venue, inside the Louvre palace, accentuated the clothes' architectural lines.
——
PARIS FASHION GETS TOUGHER ON PRESS
Certain Paris Fashion Week houses pride themselves on careful image control and restrictive press access.
As privately held brands, this is their right — although it can sometimes be excessive and lead to accusations of elitism.
Invitations are sent to carefully selected journalists and buyers, and some houses prefer smaller venues. The system is thought to increase the mystery and cachet of the clothes.
Like Balenciaga, Maison Margiela under John Galliano is one of many with a highly strict policy.
For the second season Maison Margiela extended their media clampdown to all photographic agencies, bar two, sending out a note explaining they would be handling the photography mainly “in-house” for Wednesday's morning show.
The unusual move means that almost all images of the couture are now under the direct control of the Maison Margiela house.
——
Thomas Adamson can be followed at http://www.twitter.com/ThomasAdamson–K
AL RUKBAN REFUGEE CAMP — Some 80,000 people are trapped in a scrub land of hopelessness in a forgotten corner of the Middle East.
Huddling in the wind, walled in by desert sandbanks, they have been driven there by war. Abandoned by governments, they are preyed on by the very ISIS gunmen and suicide bombers they fled their homelands to escape.
NBC News was given unique access to the area where Rukban straddles a rocky, arid no man's land along the border linking Syria and Jordan — an important American ally, and a key member of the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS.
A map showing the location of the refugee camp on the Jordan-Syria border. Google
Officially, it is located in a demilitarized zone. However, the pilot of the Jordanian military helicopter used during a recent NBC News visit wouldn't fly over it for fear of being shot down by ISIS cells in the camp.
Brig. Gen. Sami Kafawin, commander of Jordan's army in the area, told NBC News that militants there “have whole weapons systems … small arms, RPGs, anti-aircraft.”
He added: “They consider the camp a safe haven. We consider it an imminent threat.”
President Donald Trump says he wants so-called "safe zones" to keep refugees in or near their own country even as they are displaced by war. It is not clear whether Rukban is what he had in mind, but this makeshift refugee camp offers a stark lesson to those seeking to de-escalate the Syrian civil war and establish secure areas for civilians who've been driven from their homes.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Inside Syria's 'Safe Zones': How to Protect Them? 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Syrians who left ISIS-held territory found themselves stranded at Rukban when Jordan closed its entire border with the country last year. The country has also blocked much humanitarian assistance from getting into the camp.
Aid agencies have complained for months that they can't gain access the site to provide food and essential supplies. Coordinated by the U.N.'s World Food Program, a monthly delivery by a crane located in Jordanian territory makes up the bulk of what keeps men, women and children alive at the ever-growing camp.
According to UNHCR, some 659,000 Syrian refugees and around 63,000 Iraqis have officially registered in Jordan — a country of about 9 million people. Citing the most recent census, state-run media last year reported that at least 1.26 million people in Jordan were Syrians.
Now in its seventh year, the war in Syria has left an estimated 450,000 dead. Aid organizations believe that around half of Syria's population has been killed or forced to flee their homes in what is the world's worst humanitarian crisis since World War II.
Daily gunbattles
The sea of tattered tents, the barefoot women and begging children, along with the burn victims being treated nearby at Rukban are all proof that the desperate crisis is beyond the reach of aid workers.
Last year, an ISIS suicide bomber killed seven Jordanian soldiers at a military base located less than a mile away.
That resulted in Jordan preventing all but a handful of refugees from crossing its borders — and declared the area a "closed military zone."
There have been regular attacks this year and daily gunbattles inside the camp, according to Kafawin. He estimates that up to five percent of its residents — about 4,000 people — may be militants.
Syria's government lost control of this area years ago, and its border posts lie empty. Rebels opposed to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad control the neighboring region.
Syrian women and children living in the Al Rukban refugee camp cross the only legal border point along the demilitarized zone in eastern Jordan. Despite having closed the area after an ISIS attack on a nearby military base in 2016, the Jordanian government allows refugees with health issues to cross into the country for medical treatment, before they are forced to return. Ziad Jaber / NBC News
Yet parties in the war continue to talk about making areas like this into safe zones.
Trump ordered the Pentagon and State Department to examine how to make such "zones of security" actually safe. While the White House has not released information about the plans, it is clear that true safe zones would require lots of money, boots on the ground and planes in the air.
Making such areas secure was also discussed when Trump met Jordan's King Abdullah on April 5. On Wednesday, Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin discussed establishing such areas, according to the White House. And on Thursday, Iran, Russia and Turkey backed the establishment of safe zones in or around Syria — although the U.S. was not part of the agreement, and said it was concerned about Tehran's involvement.
So clearly setting up safe zones would, will not be an easy task.
It “needs a lot of effort to do it, to maintain it, to secure it,” Kafawin said. “It's difficult to protect. You need a no fly zone, you need 24-hour patrols and you need, for sure, ground forces.”
And who will provide all of that?
“I don't think it's possible without U.S. support,” he said.
Trump already has a lot on his plate including escalating tensions with North Korea and Russia, and a worsening crisis in Afghanistan.
Last month, he launched cruise missiles against a Syrian military airfield to try to prevent further attacks on civilians. Protecting tens of thousands of civilians with no-fly zones in camps like Rukban is a whole lot harder.
On the 45th anniversary of American astronauts' last visit to the moon, President Trump signed a new directive to launch a plan to once again set foot on the lunar surface.
The signing of Space Policy Directive-1 at the White House on Monday, December 11 authorizes NASA to focus efforts on a moon landing, reinforcing a unanimous recommendation by the new National Space Council, chaired by Vice President Mike Pence, in October 2017.
You may be asking, “So what happened to Mars?” after so much bold talk in recent years of manned missions to the red planet. Well, plans to embark on that ambitious journey certainly haven't been abandoned, with the moon trip expected to lay the foundations for a future mission to the faraway planet.
“The directive I am signing today will refocus America's space program on human exploration and discovery,” President Trump said on Monday. “It marks a first step in returning American astronauts to the moon for the first time since 1972, for long-term exploration and use.”
Trump added, “This time, we will not only plant our flag and leave our footprints — we will establish a foundation for an eventual mission to Mars, and perhaps someday, to many worlds beyond.”
Vice President Pence insisted America will “lead in space once again on all fronts,” adding, “Space is the ‘next great American frontier' and it is our duty — and our destiny — to settle that frontier with American leadership, courage, and values.”
Despite the ambitious proclamations, details for the moon mission — or missions — are currently thin on the ground. It's not yet clear what kind of funding NASA will receive, or whether it will partner with private outfits like SpaceX to expedite the plan. And there was no mention of a timeline for a manned mission to the moon, or indeed to Mars.
NASA nevertheless said it was looking forward to “supporting the president's directive, strategically aligning our work to return humans to the moon, travel to Mars, and opening the deeper solar system beyond.”
Trump signed the directive in front of a small group of dignitaries, among them NASA astronauts Sen. Harrison “Jack” Schmitt, who landed on the moon 45 years to the minute that the policy directive was signed, Buzz Aldrin — the second human to set foot on the moon back in 1969, Peggy Whitson, the current holder of the record for the longest time (665 days) spent in space by a U.S. astronaut, and Christina Koch, a member of NASA's astronaut class of 2013.
The White House directive intensifies a new space race between the U.S., China, and Japan to return humans to the moon. Both Asian countries in 2017 outlined separate plans for moon missions. Japan appears to be looking at 2030 for a trip to the lunar surface, while China has outlined plans for a mission soon after that. We'll have to wait for more details from the U.S. government to find out if it has any hope of getting there sooner.
‘Pretty Little Liars' exposes tormentor's identity in series finale Warning: Spoilers ahead Seven seasons and 160 episodes later, “Pretty Little Liars” fans finally know the identity of the vicious hooded tormenter known as “A.D.” As revealed during Tuesday night's...
How ‘Pretty Little Liars' got its groove back Fact: If you're not tuning into FreeForm (a k a former ABC Family) every Tuesday night, you're seriously missing out. Now that “Pretty Little Liars” has returned from its summer hiatus,...
What you need to know about the ‘Pretty Little Liars' time jump Well, “Liars” faithful, we're right back to where we started. After half a decade's worth of torture at the hands of “A,” Rosewood's finest are finally able to move on...
When to book SunKids/Shutterstock First things first: When planning holiday travel, you'll want to focus on the First things first: When planning holiday travel, you'll want to focus on the airlines with a good track record over the holidays . And when should you start shopping? "The best time to book Thanksgiving travel is actually August-September," says Jesse Neugarten, founder & CEO of the Dollar Flight Club . "I have tons of data from my subscribers to back that up. I've been sending out deals for Thanksgiving trips all over the world for the past few months already and people have been booking. It's really important to be flexible with dates and look for alternative airports close to your destination, in general," he says. But if you don't quite know your Thanksgiving plans yet, you DO have a bit of time. Just not that much..."Make sure you book before Halloween!" says Patrick Surry, the chief data scientist for Hopper . "If you wait to book your flight until after Halloween, it will cost you about $1.50 per day you wait, and then prices start rising about $6 per day in the last ten days before departure," says Surry.
Days of week broNrw/Shutterstock The sooner the better is the best advice, but don't forget that the day of the week you book makes a difference—it's one of The sooner the better is the best advice, but don't forget that the day of the week you book makes a difference—it's one of the top 11 tricks travel booking companies use . "The best time to book Thanksgiving travel is on a Tuesday or Wednesday afternoon, specifically around 3 p.m. The more flexible you are with your travel dates, the more likely you are to find cheaper flights," says Mariann Yip, Romio Lifestyle & Travel Expert.
Be flexible Maridav/Shutterstock It's great advice for It's great advice for taking the stress out of holiday travel , and it can save you money. Try playing around with the airport you leave from or arrive into. "Remember to check all nearby airports, Dallas has two, NYC has three, particularly if you're renting a car anyway. And check price alerts—join the frequent flyer clubs for those," says Brett Graff, the brains behind The Home Economist . Sometimes by just flying into Fort Lauderdale instead of Miami you can get a much better deal at a less crowded airport.
Content continues below ad
When to leave Jag_cz/Shutterstock For the serious bargain hunter, traveling on Thanksgiving day is the cheapest option. "The next best option is to depart on Monday of Thanksgiving week and returning on Friday," advises Surry. "You'll save about 20 percent over the most popular dates," says Surry. Do you know For the serious bargain hunter, traveling on Thanksgiving day is the cheapest option. "The next best option is to depart on Monday of Thanksgiving week and returning on Friday," advises Surry. "You'll save about 20 percent over the most popular dates," says Surry. Do you know the day that will be the most expensive one to fly on this year
Do your research Lukas Blazek/Shutterstock When it comes to holiday flights in general, planning ahead is a key to success. "Based on 2016 data, the earlier you start watching flights (not necessarily purchasing, but instead keeping an eye on them!), the better chance you have to score the best deals. You can set up an alert on Hopper so you won't miss a great price," says Surry. When it comes to holiday flights in general, planning ahead is a key to success. "Based on 2016 data, the earlier you start watching flights (not necessarily purchasing, but instead keeping an eye on them!), the better chance you have to score the best deals. You can set up an alert on Hopper so you won't miss a great price," says Surry.
If you are taking the bus... michaeljung/Shutterstock Those pay to book ahead as well. Bus schedules are released three months at a time. For example, you can start booking your Thanksgiving travel at
Those pay to book ahead as well. Bus schedules are released three months at a time. For example, you can start booking your Thanksgiving travel at megabus.com in the next week or two. Ticket prices depend on how in-demand seats are, so the earlier you buy, the cheaper tickets will be.
Content continues below ad
MOSCOW — Arkady Babchenko, a dissident Russian journalist reportedly assassinated in his apartment in the Ukrainian capital on Tuesday, emerged very much alive on Wednesday, his death apparently staged as part of an elaborate sting operation.
Mr. Babchenko created a sensation in Kiev on Wednesday by appearing at a news conference, billed as a police briefing about his assassination, at which he was greeted by whoops of surprise and scattered applause. It came less than 24 hours after his wife said she had found him bleeding to death on the floor of their apartment, shot in the back.
“First of all, I would like to apologize that all of you had to live through this, because I know the horrible feeling when you have to bury your colleagues,” Mr. Babchenko, 41, told the stunned room. “Separately, I want to apologize to my wife for all the hell she had to go through.”
They may not be the boldface names coming out saying #MeToo, but many thousands of US workers — now emboldened by the grassroots solidarity movement of women who have suffered sexual harassment — are speaking up about harassment in the office.
As a result, human resources professionals are battening down the hatches for an anticipated and unprecedented onslaught of sexual-harassment workplace complaints and lawsuits — a development that could totally blindside the best HR departments, according to labor experts.
“I don't think we're done,” sexual harassment-prevention expert Ken Cooper said. “I think there is a backlog of instances out there as workers become more emboldened.”
Cooper, president and founder of consultants CooperComm and a 30-year industry vet, added: “Clearly, today, workers are more confident about coming forward.”
The newly heated atmosphere, which was unleashed by the Harvey Weinstein scandal, is rapidly bringing that backlog to the fore, as many victims no longer feel muzzled.
Some experts forecast record new caseloads involving workers, mostly women, alleging to be the victims of sexual harassment.
A 2016 study released by the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission concluded that “anywhere from 25 percent to 85 percent of women report having experienced sexual harassment in the workplace.”
And according to Antonio Puente, president of the American Psychological Association, sexual harassment in the US workplace is a pervasive, chronic problem that can result in enduring psychological harm.
“I would think there is quite a lot of nervousness out there because some of these practices have been going on for a long time, under the guise of flirting and other behavior,” said Maureen Clark, a workplace investigator and CEO of Three Sixty HR.
“People are now bringing things forward that happened a long time ago, when prohibitions on certain conduct were already in place but not taken as seriously — in today's climate, that behavior is going to be seen in a very unfavorable light,” she added.
Clark said human resources departments should mobilize for a worst-case scenario, since the balance may be tilting further in favor of alleged victims.
“HR departments are being advised to go in and update all of their harassment policies,” Clark said, “to ensure that employees are clearly authorized to make a complaint not just upward in the chain of command, but to anyone in a management position.”
HR departments may have much catching up to do.
“Companies have all the policies in place; employees sign the workplace manual; there are bulletin board notices and sexual-harassment training,” Cooper said. “Missing are the behavioral tools for employees and managers.”
The mother of the man who allegedly killed a Cleveland retiree Sunday, then posted footage of the slaying on Facebook, said her son warned her the day before that she would never see him again.
“He said this (was) the last time I was going to see him,” Maggie Green, 53, told CNN.
Steve Stephens, 37, also told his mom, “If you see me again, it'll be a miracle,” she said.
Stephens had stopped by her home Saturday, Green said.
On Sunday, Green said, she was left “dumbfounded” when she heard her son had been accused of gunning down the elderly man in a random shooting and uploading a video of the slaying to Facebook.
Green said she phoned Stephens on his cell phone. He told her he was “shooting people” because he was “mad with his girlfriend,” Green said.
A multistate search for Stephens is still under way.
In one video Stephens posted, he vowed to “keep killing… until they catch me.”
Hillary reached out to AEG head during Aqueduct bidding in 2009 WASHINGTON — An old friend of Bill Clinton's whose company was desperately trying to win a bid to run a slots casino at Aqueduct reached out to then-Secretary of State...
Al Sharpton wanted job for pal in crooked casino deal It's another Sharpton shakedown. As bidders sought his support in the fierce battle for the lucrative casino license at Aqueduct Racetrack, the winning bidder's lobbyist says, the Rev. Al Sharpton...
New York racino revenues drop $7 million The state's network of racinos posted lower revenues from one year to the next for the first time since the gambling parlors opened a decade ago, figures revealed Monday. The...
Massive brawl at NYC casino over daiquiris Warning: Videos contain graphic violence and language The epic daiquiri throwdown Friday night at a bar in the Queens racino began with a staredown between two girls on a very...
Aqueduct racino worker knocked out by faulty roulette machine: suit An unlucky Aqueduct racino worker got bonked on the head by a malfunctioning roulette machine and is suing the maker of the automated game. Teodora Pasici was starting her shift...
Burglar steals Breeder's Cup trophy from Aqueduct A burglar broke into Aqueduct and raced off with a Breeder's Cup trophy and expensive electronics, cops said. The thief struck Thursday night when the track was closed, breaking into...
The dramatic final scene of a new flick starring Hugh Jackman and Zac Efron turned a little too real when an inferno broke out on its Brooklyn set, witnesses and fire officials said Tuesday.
Jackman was among the roughly 150 people on the Brooklyn Navy Yard set as “The Greatest Showman's'' climatic staged fire spiraled out of control, sources said.
In a Hollywood-worthy twist, five retired firefighters working as extras sprang into action, attaching prop hoses fitted with antique-style nozzles to nearby hydrants to try to battle the blaze until roughly 100 real-life The Bravest rushed to the rescue, according to an FDNY source.
“The fire was tremendous,'' a source said of the 5 a.m. Sunday blaze. “They used too much accelerant, and the whole building burnt down.''
No one was injured in the blaze, authorities said.
It was unclear if Efron was there at the time. A rep would say only, “He's not hurt.”
“The Greatest Showman” is a musical biopic about P.T. Barnum, creator of the Barnum & Bailey circus.
In its final scene, which is being staged in a specially constructed building, Jackman, who plays Barnum, carries Efron, his assistant, from a burning house. The firemen extras then place him on a stretcher.
But something went wrong with the pyrotechnics Sunday, and six large lights, used to intensify the glow of the blaze, fell from the roof of the building, sparking a much bigger fire than expected, sources said.
Firefighters rushed to the set at Flushing Avenue and Navy Street but struggled to put the fire out because it had grown so huge, sources said.
“Fire was blowing out through the roof,” a fire source said. “It blew right through the roof and melted a lot of really large light fixtures on the top.”
PEMBROKE PINES, Fla. — Police say a 49-year-old woman swindled a man nearly twice her age out of more than $300,000 after he sought companionship on a dating app.
Eighty-five-year-old John Berman was a widower when he joined the dating app and met Nancy Guy. She vanished in 2015, but on Thursday authorities caught up with her.
Pembroke Pines police Capt. Christopher Sengelmann tells local news outlets that Guy, who introduced herself to Berman as Anna Miller, may have victimized other men and urged them to come forward.
According to police, Guy told Berman she needed money for a dress-making business. She promised to pay him back, but always made excuses, including that she had cancer. Eventually Berman's son found out and intervened.
It's not clear whether she has hired a lawyer.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe asked a judge Tuesday to block an easement granted under which the Trump administration allowed the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline project to go forward.
The tribe said in a court documents that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers committed to a full environmental review of the project but was ordered to rush approvals after Trump took office. The documents were filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., in support of the tribe's motion for summary judgment.
"Within a few days of his inauguration, the new President abandoned this commitment — perpetuating our nation's pattern of broken promises to the Tribe — and directed the Army to 'review and approve' pipeline permits on an expedited basis," the tribe said.
The site of the final phase of the Dakota Access Pipeline in cannonball, North Dakota. Tom Stromme / The Bismarck Tribune via AP
The crucial easement needed to finish the project was granted last week, and the company in charge of it said drilling began as soon as the approval came down. The motion for summary judgment asks that the easement be vacated.
The tribe and its supporters believe the pipeline poses a threat to a reservoir that supplies the tribe's drinking water. The pipeline project, which crosses four states, is estimated to be able to transport 570,000 barrels of oil a day.
The pipeline has been the scene of months of protests. The project was delayed during President Barack Obama's administration, and a review of environmental approvals was launched.
At the time, several government agencies, including the Army Corps, said in a joint statement that the case highlighted the need for "a serious discussion on whether there should be nationwide reform with respect to considering tribes' views on these types of infrastructure projects."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Pipeline Protesters: We Have to Go Into Strategic Fight Mode 5:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe was dealt a defeat on Monday when a judge refused to grant a temporary restraining order that would have halted construction. The easement covers 1.25 miles of the pipeline that runs under the Missouri River. The pipeline does not run on tribal land, but it crosses the river a half-mile upstream.
The 3.7 million project is nearly finished. The company financing it , Energy Transfer Partners, said Thursday: "We have started the drill to go beneath Lake Oahe and expect to be completed in 60 days."
"We look forward to having the pipeline in service in approximately 83 days," spokeswoman Vicki Granado said.
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Chairman Dave Archambault II called the pipeline "dangerous."
"President Trump claims he has not received 'a single phone call' opposing this widely criticized project," Archambault said in a statement from Earthjustice, a group working with the tribe. "Maybe he should turn the White House phones back on, because millions of people have raised their voices against this dangerous project."
Earthjustice attorney Jan Hasselman said in the statement: "The Trump Administration is circumventing the law: wholly disregarding the treaty rights of the Standing Rock Sioux and ignoring the legally required environmental review."
The motion argues that the Army Corps violated the National Environmental Policy Act by failing to prepare a full environmental impact statement about the river crossing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Jan. 24: Trump Signs Executive Orders on Keystone, Dakota Access Pipelines 3:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Energy Transfer Partners says the underground pipeline has been built to be one of the safest pipelines in the world. Chief Executive Kelcy Warren has called concerns over its impact on the tribe's water supply "unfounded."
Trump signed the presidential memorandum calling for the approval review of the Dakota Access project on the same day that he signed an order aimed at advancing the Keystone Oil XL Pipeline, a project rejected by Obama.
If you don't find a creative outlet for all that energy which has been building up inside you it could lead to arguments and fights. Your emotions run deeper than most people realize. Find ways to channel them in constructive and profitable directions.
Snoop Dogg DJs star-studded SXSW party Snoop urged the techie crowd to dance onstage at the bash.
Arsenal need courage as they prepare to take on Bayern Munich in crucial first leg Champions League tie at the Allianz Arena
Arsene Wenger made an unfortunate choice of supporters to illustrate a point. PA Wire/PA Images
The general consensus from the 300 loyal Arsenal fans on this morning's early flight from Luton Airport was that their beloved heroes required bravery to take on the aristocrats of Bayern Munich in the Champions League tonight.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The wily boss of the formidable Bundesliga champions, Carlo Ancelotti was of the same vein.
When asked what it takes to win the Champions League the experienced campaigner answered at first glibly, then with the understanding of a man who has won the coveted trophy twice.
The stalwart who has picked up the trophy as manager of Real Madrid and Inter Milan said: “Usually the team who plays better.”
The former Chelsea boss, who understands Rudyard Kipling's ‘twin imposters' better than most, then expanded with as much insight as can be expected during a respectful pre-match phoney war between two managers who clearly respect each other, in him and Arsene Wenger.
He explained that to win the Champions League “you have to have courage, personality, experience and luck,” – but – he underlined the word again while purposely omitting others for emphasis: “You need courage.”
Courage, bravery, a refusal to take a backward step in the face of daunting odds, mental strength in believing in yourself, your teammates, and – just as importantly for players like Mesut Ozil – believing in yourself.
Call it what you will but Wenger's Gunners have flatlined at this stage of the tournament for the previous five years, since progressing to the quarter finals against Pep Guardiola's ‘peak Barcelona' - where they were eclipsed 6-3 on aggregate including suffering a four goal Lionel Messi blast at the Camp Nou.
Indeed, their last victory in a tie which saw them progress came in a 5-0 thumping of a poor Porto side at the Emirates this month seven long years ago.
The team was captained by Manuel Almunia – who had appeared without distinction as a substitute for the banished Jens Lehman during Arsenal's dramatic 2-1 loss to Barcelona in the 2006 final on a long-lost balmy Paris night in arguably the last great European team Wenger has assembled – and included players who flattered to deceive.
It is instructive to learn the team that night contained Nicklas Bendtner, currently plying his trade at Nottingham Forest, Andrey Arshavin, FC Kairat – based in Almaty, Kazakhstan in case you were wondering - and Alex Song at Rubin Kazan.
Of course it is Arsenal's bad luck to be drawn against Bayern after they topped the group unbeaten. A group which it has to be said included the same Paris Saint-Germain who thrashed Barcelona last night in the cauldron of the Parc de Princes.
The pairing is even more unfortunate when you consider the North Londoners have been pared three times with the Germans in the last seven seasons – losing out on aggregate every time.
And although the Munich players said all the right things about respecting their opponents tonight a few of those matches – including a 5-1 rout and a particularly comprehensive 3-1 defeat by Jupp Heynckes treble winning vintage back in 2013 -were notable for the gap in quality between the teams.
There is hope – there always is when discussing the potential of Arsenal to beat big teams. Even if the reality is that apart from a heart-warming 2-1 win over Guardiola's Barça at the Emirates inspired by a young lad called Jack Wilshere – whatever happened to him – the team has come up short in huge games, especially in the all important first leg.
Is it no surprise a 4-0 humiliation at the San Siro against Milan in 2012, the previously mentioned 3-1 home defeat to Bayern four years ago – on top of a 2-0 loss 12 months later, a dispiriting 3-1 broadside from Monaco, and an unexpected 2-0 defeat to Barça last year all came in the first leg – thus ending Arsenal's chances of progression before the seocond leg let along before the clocks go forward.
And yet. Bavaria have not being as imperious as normal in domestic form, struggling against the minnows of Inglestadt at the weekend. Thomas Muller is playing indifferently, and they failed to top their group for the first time since 2009.
If you throw into the mix Wenger castling Ancelotti on a memorable night at the San Siro back in 2008, as well as Olivier Giroud netting in three of his last four Champions League games against Bayern including two in his last three it is, as they say, the hope that kills you.
It is a sunny afternoon here in Munich, with piercing blue skies that suggest spring is only around the corner. The bierkellers of the Aldstadt are already filling up with loyal - and thirsty - Arsenal fans, and the is outdoor seating of the atmospheric old market area around the corner from the historic Marienplapacked with punters as bars do a roaring trade in the sun.
As the redoubtable Miles from Sport Options tours – who organises trips for Arsenal fans to every European game the club plays – told Gooners as they disembarked at Munich airport: “We've turned up again – let's hope the team does too.”
Everyone nodded in thoughtful agreement.
Let's hope we our team does someone replied.
But they'll need to play better than they have done in Europe since the heady days of 2006 tonight.
And for that they'll need courage.
Preston North End's trip to Wycombe Wanderers in the FA Cup will take place on Saturday, January 6.
The Adams Park clash will have a 3pm kick-off and tickets will go on sale to North End supporters on Tuesday morning.
PNE at Wycombe in December 2013
PNE have been allocated 1,800 seats, priced £20 adults, £15 seniors (60 and over), £15 for 19 to 25-year-olds and £5 for Under-19s.
The clubs last met in the FA Cup in December 2013, Preston winning 1-0 in the second round thanks to a spectacular goal from Kevin Davies.
Wycombe are managed by Gareth Ainsworth who made more than 100 appearances for North End in three spells as a player.
A 10-year-old Indian girl who was repeatedly raped — allegedly by her stepfather — was granted an abortion on Tuesday, five months into her pregnancy.
A panel of doctors in Rohtak, a town in the north Indian state of Haryana surrounding New Delhi, accepted the girl's plea for an abortion, the BBC reported. She was expected to give birth in about four months.
Her stepfather was arrested.
Indian law prohibits abortions after 20 weeks unless doctors say the woman's life is in danger, according to the BBC. The law was put in place to fight the country's skewed gender ratio.
A local court told doctors it would allow the girl to have an abortion if they provided a recommendation.
India has one of the largest number of sexually abused children in a country. In many cases, the abuser is someone the child knows.
PICKENS COUNTY — Every year, in recognition of Child Abuse Awareness Month, blue pinwheels are planted across the country as part of Prevent Child Abuse America's “Pinwheels of Prevention” campaign.
The program was first introduced in 2008 to draw attention to the plight of thousands of abused children and to let others know that help is available.
“What our research showed and what our experiences since then have borne out, is that people respond to the pinwheel,” said a spokesperson for PCA. “By its very nature, the pinwheel connotes whimsy and childlike notions. In essence, it has come to serve as the physical embodiment, or reminder, of the great childhoods we want for all children.”
Drawing attention is exactly what S.C. needs as the rates of child abuse and neglect reported in the state have continued to rise.
According to State office data from the S.C. Department of Social Services, the total number of founded investigations for child abuse and neglect was 10,173 in 2015 — up from 5,800 just three years prior.
In 2016, Pickens County had 269 abuse or neglect cases, an all-time high.
But there are resources available.
The Parenting Place, located on Highway 8 between Easley and Pickens, has been dedicated to serving parents in the Upstate and providing resources, support and parental education since being founded in 1991.
Additionally, if you see or suspect abuse or neglect, you can contact the Pickens office for the Department of Social Services at 864-898-5810.
DSS caseworkers assess all reports of child abuse and or neglect to determine their validity before acting. Such investigations include determining whether the child is “at risk” of being abused or neglected and determining the family's need for support services.
For more information concerning DSS, visit www.dss.sc.gov.
If you feel personally inspired to plant your own pinwheel garden, they can be picked up at many local advocacy centers, including The Parenting Place.
A pinwheel garden is planted at Clemson City Police Department with 269 representing the number of child abuse cases reported. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_pinwheel1.jpg A pinwheel garden is planted at Clemson City Police Department with 269 representing the number of child abuse cases reported. Courtesy photos Pinwheel gardens have sprung up around the Upstate as part of April being Child Abuse Awareness Month. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_pinwheel.jpg Pinwheel gardens have sprung up around the Upstate as part of April being Child Abuse Awareness Month. Courtesy photos Pinwheels for Prevention was introduced in 2008 by Prevent Child Abuse America. http://sentinelprogress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_pinwheels20for20prevention.jpg Pinwheels for Prevention was introduced in 2008 by Prevent Child Abuse America. Courtesy photos
By Kasie Strickland [email protected]
Reach Kasie Strickland at 864-855-0355.
Reach Kasie Strickland at 864-855-0355.
ANKARA: Turkey's main opposition will not mount a legal challenge against a bill to change the constitution and usher in a stronger presidency, its leader said on Tuesday, clearing the way for a referendum on April 16.
The Republican People's Party (CHP) had been widely expected to challenge the bill in Turkey's constitutional court. Opposition politicians fear it would hand too much power to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. But CHP leader Kemal Kilicdaroglu on Tuesday said the issue should be settled by voters.
“We have the option of taking the planned changes to the constitutional court, but the issue here is not only a legal issue. The issue should be taken up by the people, and solved politically,” Kilicdaroglu told his parliamentary group.
“Thus we will leave the issue to the decision of the people on April 16.”
In response to CHP's decision, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said: “They must have noticed that they can not achieve anything through the constitutional court.”
The proposed constitutional reform would mark one of the biggest changes in the EU candidate country's system of governance since the modern republic was founded on the ashes of the Ottoman empire almost a century ago.
It would enable the president to issue decrees, declare emergency rule, and appoint ministers and top state officials. It could also see Erdoğan remain in power in the NATO member state until 2029.
Erdoğan's supporters see the plans as a guarantee of stability at a time of turmoil, with Turkey's security threatened by the wars in neighboring Syria and Iraq, and by a spate of Daesh and Kurdish militant attacks.
Opponents fear a lurch toward authoritarianism in a nation which has seen tens of thousands of people, from teachers and journalists to soldiers and police, detained since a failed coup attempt last July.
Saints' fans are looking for any shred of good news after the team's flabbergasting 20-17 loss to the Atlanta Falcons in a wild NFC South matchup.
During New Orleans' opening possession, running back Alvin Kamara took a helmet-to-helmet hit and was immediately evaluated then ruled out with a concussion. Per Josh Katzenstein of NOLA.com, Kamara doesn't plan on being out long. He expects to play in the team's crucial Week 15 matchup against the New York Jets.
Saints RB Alvin Kamara said he expects to be good to go for next Sunday. — Josh Katzenstein (@jkatzenstein) December 11, 2017
That of course is great news for the Saints who didn't look like the same dynamic offense as in weeks past. After losing Kamara, New Orleans only managed 50 rushing yards after entering the contest averaging 142.6 yards per game.
Paired with veteran Mark Ingram, Kamara helps form the best running back duo in the league, now known as “Boom and Zoom”. Prior to the game, Ingram led the league in rushing scores with nine and Kamara led in combined touchdowns with 11. Kamara is still the NFL's leading rusher per carry, averaging 7.0 yards a pop.
New Orleans is now a run-first team, but they've somewhat hit a slump in losing two of their last three games. They will likely need to win their final three games, starting with the Jets, to stake claim to a still wide-open division.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Saints Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Seattle coach Pete Carroll is ready to move on.
He wants to ignore what might have been in a 30-24 loss at Jacksonville. He wants to erase Blair Walsh's latest missed field goal. He wants to forget about those three turnovers and that ugly ending that included two ejections.
It's in the best interest of his team, which could be facing its biggest game of the season next week against the Los Angeles Rams.
The Seahawks (8-5) caught a break Sunday when the Rams lost to Philadelphia on the same day Seattle lost to Jacksonville.
Now, next week's home game against Los Angeles (9-4) could be for the NFC West title. The Seahawks have two more games remaining against Dallas and Arizona, but they know bouncing back after losing to the Jaguars is the key to potentially hosting a playoff game.
“Right back where we were,” Carroll said. “We've been looking at this game coming up, that this could be the one for the division, to make a difference, and it's a huge opportunity for us — and for them as well.
“It should be a great matchup, and they've been playing great football, and we look forward to getting ready. I can't wait to get back. I wish we could just be back, but it's going to take us a little while.”
Quarterback Russell Wilson wasted little time turning the page. He even talked to teammates in the locker room about what's at stake next week.
“The reality is we are fighting for first place next week,” Wilson said. “Just reminding guys the reality of the situation is we have to come back stronger and be better and everything else. But the great thing is we get to fight for first place. Our division is very, very tough. The Rams are a great football team, so we have to go make it happen.”
Here are some other things we learned about the Seahawks and Jaguars:
WILSON'S RALLY
Wilson rallied the Seahawks from deficits of 27-10 and 30-17 in the fourth quarter, and had a chance to take the lead in the closing minutes before he misfired on a fourth-and-9 play from midfield. He completed 17 of 31 passes for 271 yards, with three touchdowns and three interceptions. It was his fourth game with three or more interceptions and first since throwing five against Green Bay in December 2016.
“Guys get open bang, bang, bang,” Wilson said. “Next thing you know, we're in the game. They're terrified for a second there.”
LATE MELTDOWN
Seattle drew four flags and had two players ejected in the final minute. Defensive end Quinton Jefferson and defensive tackle Sheldon Richardson were tossed, and Carroll was penalized for walking into the huddle. Jefferson was leaving the field when he stopped to exchange words with fans. Someone appeared to throw a beer at him, and he had to be restrained by his shoulder pads and escorted to the locker room. It was an ugly ending to an exciting game. The chaos started when Seahawks defensive tackle Michael Bennett seemingly dived at centre Brandon Linder's knees.
“It's disappointing,” Wilson said. “I think we have better judgment than that. It's such a physical game. We are fighting for every inch, every opportunity. I know those guys are remorseful or whatever. They are fighting for the ball, fighting for something, just fighting for a way. I don't believe there is a necessary excuse for it. I think we can be better than players and as men and everything else.”
ROOKIES SHINE
Jaguars rookies Dede Westbrook and Keelan Cole had their best games as pros. Westbrook caught five passes for 81 yards, including his first career touchdown . Cole had three receptions for 99 yards, including a 75-yard touchdown on a perfect pass from Blake Bortles.
“We played pretty well,” Westbrook said. “That's how I was able to get open and get those big plays down the field.”
BORTLES' BEST
Bortles had one of the best games of his career. Coming off a strong outing against Indianapolis, Bortles was equally efficient and effective against the Seahawks. He completed 18 of 27 passes for 268 yards and two touchdowns. It was the fourth time this season and fifth time in four years that Bortles finished a game with no turnovers and no sacks.
“It's huge,” Bortles said. “We talk about it every day, every day throughout the week. We have to make sure we take care of the ball and don't turn it over.”
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
Will Mayor de Blasio leash the city's campaign-finance watchdog? Rose Gill Hearn, who chairs the Campaign Finance Board, has resigned, effective Dec. 31. So Mayor Bill de Blasio gets to fill the seat — when the board is still...
Keith Meister names new picks for Williams Cos.' board Keith Meister's Corvex Management followed up on its promise to nominate a new slate to Williams Cos.' board — and the pipeline operator was not impressed. The Tulsa, Okla.-based energy...
New board rushes to get up to speed on Viacom mess Viacom's new board members will be cracking the whip like a chariot rider racing around Circus Maximus this week as they seek to get up to speed on the broken...
Lululemon board member resigns after résumé questioned A long-serving board member of the popular women's activewear retailer Lululemon Athletica has stepped down — just weeks after questions were raised over her résumé. Rhoda Pitcher, 61, on the...
Bob shares this report from the 2017 Pier to Pier Swim which took place on 12th August. Ed
There was a dramatic finish to the Pier to Pier Swim Race on Saturday 12th August 2017.
After a swim of 1.8 km across the Sandown/Shanklin Bay with four swimmers turning at the last buoy and heading for the finish, which was a further 200 meters away and on-shore.
The winners
The overall winner was Alistair Bingham from Maidenhead Marlins in a time of 31.36 minutes. He was followed by David Stannard from Reading SC in 31.43 mins, third was Aiden Pierce of Seaclose SC in 31.48 mins and 4th Russall Cooper, unattached, in 31.49 mins.
The fastest lady was Katie Shepherd from Trinity SC in 37.09 mins.
The fastest Isle of Wight male was Aiden Pierce of Seaclose SC in 31.48 mins
The fastest Isle of Wight woman was Lindsey Shenton of IOW Marlins SC in 38.03 mins.
The fastest breaststroke swimmer was Paul Lewis of South London SC in 40.56 mins.
There were 12 other trophies won, with full results available on the IOW Marlins Masters SC Website.
The most senior finisher was Daphne Belt from South London SC in 53.15 mins.
Jo's swim for church funds
After helping at last year's event and never having swam competitively in the sea, Jo Cooper (aged 70) decided she wanted to do the swim and she successfully completed the course in 57.17 mins and in the process raised £360 in sponsorship for the Holy Cross Church, Binstead.
Another successful event
Bob Cooper, Chairman of the IOW Marlins and Safety Officer for the swim said,
“Yet again we were blessed with perfect weather and sea conditions and the 76 swimmers all had good swims. “I thank all the kayakers and canoeists, the Lifeboats crews from Sandown and Ryde and the Shanklin Deep Sea Fishermen for their assistance in making sure there was the required safety cover, without which we could not hold the swim. “All the monies form the entry fees that is left over after our expenses are donated to those charities that assist to make the event possible. It is proposed to hold the 66th Pier to Pier on Saturday 11th August 2018 starting at Noon.”
See the Isle of Wight Marlins' Website for more detail.
2:44 A special evening for Steph Curry Pause
1:44 New Hornet Miles Plumlee
0:50 Ex-Charlotte Bobcat Gerald Wallace
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
Image caption Andrew RT Davies claimed Carwyn Jones preferred to "barrack" than be constructive
A Brexit minister should be appointed to put Wales' interests "at the centre" of negotiations, Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said.
Mr Davies said the first minister could not handle the "biggest constitutional challenge of our time" alone.
He said the Welsh Government should be reconfigured to give "strong and constructive representation" to UK ministers on EU negotiations.
The Welsh Government said Carwyn Jones was "best placed to lead on Brexit".
Mr Davies pointed to an assembly committee report criticising the Welsh Government for a lack of contact with Irish ministers to discuss the likely impact of Brexit on ports.
"More than 400 days after Wales voted to leave the EU, Wales remains without a Brexit ministry, unlike its counterparts in Scotland and Westminster," he said.
"In order to ensure that Wales' national interests stay at the centre of Brexit negotiations, we need a department led by an experienced minister solely dedicated to this process.
"It's a job too big for one man alone and there's a real danger that in trying to juggle domestic issues with the biggest constitutional challenge of our time, the first minister will allow one or both of these responsibilities to flounder.
"A Welsh minister for Brexit could deliver strong and constructive representation to the UK government and facilitate better working with the devolved nations - not barrack idly from the sidelines as the first minister has so far contented himself to do."
Image copyright Welsh Government Image caption Carwyn Jones (R) met the EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier in July
A Welsh Government spokesman said Mr Jones had been "fighting vigorously for Wales' interests ever since the referendum result was known".
He said the first minister had met and discussed Brexit issues with Prime Minister Theresa May, Brexit minister David Davis, the EU's negotiator Michel Barnier and his counterparts in Scotland and Northern Ireland, among others.
Mr Jones was "ably supported" by Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford, he added, who represents the Welsh Government in the Joint Ministerial Committee (JMC) on Europe, and by a European transition team of civil servants.
He claimed the "main barrier" to effective joint working was the "unwillingness" of the UK government to call any meetings of the JMC since February or "consult properly with us on key issues".
The spokesman urged Mr Davies to stop "barracking at the Welsh Government from the sidelines" and put pressure on his Conservative colleagues in Westminster to "live up to their undertaking to agree their approach to the Brexit negotiations with the devolved administrations".
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran will bring his unique brand of music to Austin City Limits to kick off the show's 43rd season on PBS, on Oct. 7.
Related: Ed Sheeran's Girlfriend Cherry Inspired ‘Perfect'
Today Sheeran shared the performance of his hit single “Shape of You” from the program.
The Pretenders, Zac Brown Band, Angel Olsen and Benjamin Booker, Miranda Lambert and Norah Jones are also slated to take the ACL stage in this season.
Check out “Shape of You” below.
Last year, hedge-fund tycoon James Simons made $194,000 — an hour, that is.
The former math professor who heads Rennaissance Technologies earned $1.7 billion in 2017, making him the highest-earning hedge-fund manager for the third year straight, according to an annual survey by Institutional Investor's Alpha magazine.
Simons edged out Appaloosa Management's David Tepper, who earlier this month shelled out $2.2 billion in cash to buy the Carolina Panthers. Tepper earned $1.5 billion in 2017 as his fund gained 13 percent, more than doubling his personal haul of $700 million in 2016.
Doing the math, Tepper's daily earnings work out to $4.1 million, or $171,000 an hour.
In all, the top 25 highest-earning hedgies collectively made $15.4 billion last year, averaging more than $600 million each. That makes the compensation of CEOs like Goldman Sachs' Lloyd Blankfein — who raked in $24 million last year — look like peanuts.
Top hedgies last year got a 40 percent bump in their earnings, compared to the $11 billion they earned in 2016.
Emboldened by surging corporate profits and optimism about Trump's tax cuts, investors piled back into hedge funds in 2017, pouring in $30 billion after yanking more than $100 billion in 2016, according to eVestment.
Collectively hedge funds gained 8.6 percent in 2017, according to the HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index — up from 5.6 percent in 2016. The surge was in part due to the 21.8 percent gain in the S&P 500.
Taking the third spot was Ken Griffin of Citadel, who earned $1.4 billion as the firm's three main funds each posted gains of roughly 13 percent.
A hedgie's haul didn't necessarily reflect his fund's performance. Bridgewater Associates' Ray Dalio grabbed the fourth spot on the list with earnings of $1.3 billion even though two of the firm's funds delivered “anemic” returns of 1.2 percent, while its All Weather strategy fund gained 13.1 percent.
Falling just short of hitting the billion-dollar mark at spot number five was Millennium Management's Israel Englander, who earned $975 million last year.
To arrive at the hedgies' earnings, Institutional Investor calculates the manager's gains on their own invested capital as well as their split of fee revenue — both management and performance fees.
Adam Thielen wants to make his Super Bowl dream a reality Post columnist Steve Serby caught up with Vikings receiver, and a Minnesota native, Adam Thielen for some Q&A ahead of Sunday's NFC Championship clash with the Eagles. Q: What's the...
Vikings players can't say enough good things about Pat Shurmur EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — When you talk to the players Pat Shurmur coaches, you hear a recurring theme about his coaching style. Shurmur, the current Vikings offensive coordinator and presumptive...
Vikings trying not to think about their historic opportunity EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — If Mike Zimmer had it his way, five minutes after Vikings receiver Stefon Diggs flung his helmet into the air following his remarkable walk-off touchdown to...
A look back at fantasy football's best sleepers of 2017 Hitting on fantasy sleepers is hard. If it was easy, those easily identified sleepers would be highly sought after, thus not sleepers at all. So sure, most deep-dive picks in...
Video
Language should get the same protection in law as race or religion according to Plaid Cymru's Westminster leader, after a Sunday Times article by columnist Rod Liddle mocked the Welsh language.
Liz Saville Roberts said the Welsh were "constantly being told there is something inferior, something jokey about their language" and that had an effect on people.
James Delingpole defended his fellow columnist, but said he was a "very naughty boy", and described the article as "gentle, almost affectionate teasing", in a Daily Politics debate.
More from the Daily and Sunday Politics: Watch full programmes from the last seven days via BBC iPlayer; 'like' us on Facebook page or 'follow' us on Twitter
We use cookies to personalize content, features and ads. We share information about your use of our site with our partners who may combine it with other information from your use of the services.
Monroe Police and the Monroe County Sheriff's Department uncovered a fully-loaded weapon, ammunition, and a drug operation while executing a search warrant Friday.
According to the City of Monroe Police Department, officers responded to reports of shots fired near the 1000 block of E. 2nd Street, at about 7:50 a.m on Thursday.
Officers recovered four .223 caliber rifles casings in the backyard of a residence on the street.
Police say this was the second time in two months police responded to a shot fired calls at that location.
On Friday, the Monroe Police Department's Vice Unit along with the Monroe County Sheriff's Department SWAT Team executed a search warrant at the the residence.
According to police, during the search, detectives recovered a Rock Rivers LR-15 rifle with a forty-round loaded magazine, hundreds of .223 rounds, and ammunition for two different caliber handguns.
Detectives also uncovered a broken down marijuana growing operation including loose marijuana and plants that had already been processed. They also found items used for processing cocaine.
Five months earlier, the Michigan State Police recovered a stolen handgun and two semi-automatic rifles at the residence during a separate search.
Police said this is still an on-going investigation and did not say whether they have any suspects.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Australia is a weird place. Because of its location and that fact that life there has evolved in a vacuum — isolated from much of the rest of the world since the breakup up of the continents — many species that have lived and died there over millions of years have no equal anywhere else on the planet. A newly discovered species of marsupial that lived some 19 million years ago is helping to reinforce that notion even further and it would have been a pretty frightening creature to run into.
The creature, named Wakaleo schouteni after its discoverer, paleontologist Peter Schouten, was like a miniature lion, with teeth made for slicing meat and a sturdy frame no larger than that of a dog. Weighing in at around 50 pounds when full grown, the unique animal is helping to draw a vivid picture of what life may have been like in Australia tens of millions of years in the past.
A paper on the discovery, published in the Journal of Systematic Palaeontology, describes an animal unlike any documented outside of Australia. The pint-sized lion is thought to have been a carnivore, with powerful jaws for rending flesh from bone and sharp, “blade-like” teeth that would have allowed it to make short work of it prey. It might not have been the biggest predator around, but it would have been a formidable foe for many of the species it preyed upon.
The animal isn't the first four-legged marsupial carnivore discovered in Australia's fossil record, with the much larger Thylacoleo carnifex having dominated the food chain some 30,000 years ago. A smaller species of marsupial lion is also known to have lived around the same time as W. schouteni as well. After studying the dental features of both long-extinct animals, scientists now believe they were indeed independent species, rather than one being an evolutionary offshoot that came later.
“The identification of these new species have brought to light a level of marsupial lion diversity that was quite unexpected and suggest even deeper origins for the family,” lead author Dr. Anna Gillespie of the University of New South Wales explains.
BARWON HEADS, Australia — Australian Minjee Lee shot a 2-over 75 Saturday and held on to a one-stroke lead at the Vic Open, the first tournament of the year on the Ladies European Tour.
Lee had a three-round total of 7-under 212, one better than fellow Australian Karis Davidson, who shot 67 Saturday.
Cheyenne Woods, niece of Tiger Woods, rebounded from a second-round 80 to shoot 69 and was five strokes behind Lee and tied for fifth.
At a PGA of Australia Tour men's event held alongside the women's tournament, Australian Simon Hawkes held a one-stroke lead after a 64.
A 19-year-old man was seriously injured when he fell off a seventh floor fire escape in Hell's Kitchen, where he was smoking a cigarette, police sources said.
The man had just finished puffing the butt, and was attempting to climb back into the West 44th Street apartment through a window, when he slipped at around 6:30 p.m.
He survived the plunge, but suffered head trauma and multiple fractures, officials said.
He was rushed to Bellevue Hospital in critical condition.
Image copyright PA Image caption Harris created the channel after he was interviewed for a feature himself
Scots DJ Calvin Harris has told Radio 1 that a spoof channel he created, Jam TV, did not deserve to "belong on the internet forever".
"It was good at the time," he told Nick Grimshaw but added the videos had now been removed from YouTube.
The channel featured footage of celebrities trying to take the lid off a pot of jam.
Harris said it had been based on a real feature he had been interviewed for by ITV.
"It was at the Wireless Festival 2007," he said.
"She (the interviewer) said: 'The questions are done, we are just doing this thing - we have got a pot of jam and we want to see if you can open it.'
"I did it and obviously I couldn't open it and I was like - is that it?"
Image caption Florence Welch was among the celebrities to appear on the channel
He said that had inspired him to create the channel.
"So I went home and I was like - I can't believe that was a real feature, that is mad," he said.
"I am going to do my own Jam TV except I am going to make it really easy to open and I am going to ask folk to look at me like I am stupid and what am I doing asking them to open a bit of jam."
Among the celebrities who appeared were Florence Welch of Florence and the Machine.
"I got Florence, I got Katy Perry, I got Tony Robinson from Time Team - I think I got Goldie as well," he added.
"But it has all gone now."
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Rick Stone admitted his side are “not quite there” after Huddersfield endured an eighth game without a victory as they went down to Warrington.
A late Danny Brough conversion went just wide, condemning Huddersfield to a 26-24 defeat.
Their latest defeat saw Huddersfield drop to 11th in Super League and three points adrift of eighth-placed St Helens, and Stone accepted that his side has some work to do.
“There were times in the game when we were a bit soft in the middle and the Wolves rolled us down the field but I'm proud of the boys' efforts,” he said.
“Whether we would have deserved a point I'm not sure but it would have been nice.
“These short turnarounds are not easy and we probably had the better one than anyone in the competition from Wednesday until Monday.
“But we just looked tired and lacked a bit of zip at times but we competed well and asked some questions – but we're just not quite there. I'm disappointed like you are after every loss but we gave ourselves a chance and just didn't manage that last 30 minutes as well as we would have liked.”
Teens unite, bridges gap between private, public schools
By Elizabeth Uwandu
AS part of efforts to mark 2017 childrens's day, Teens Unite, a non governmental organisation, NGO hosted students in Lagos to a talent hunt tagged, “ Harnessing talents for his Kingdom.” The event had students from private and public schools such as Honeyland School, Gowon Estate, Ipaja, Doregos Private Academy, Abesan Comprehensive Junior Secondary School, Faith Heritage and Jakande Comprehensive Senior Secondary School, competed in bible quiz, choreography, music and orchestral performances and drama display.
Speaking at the event sponsored by St. Ives Fertility Centre and The Redeemed Christian Church of God, Mighty Hand of God and Later Rain Assembly parishes; founder,Teens Unite, Faith Isiramen said the programme was aimed at bridging the gap between private and public schools and set a forum for motivation, interaction and connection among students who are future leaders, adding “forums like this remove stage fright, promote self esteem and foster unity and integration, tools for harnessing talents that will develop the country.”
Mrs Isiramen noted that aside the importance of curricular activities in the lives of students' social and mental well being, Teens Unite aimed to promote inner ingenuity and friendship among Nigeria youths in private and public schools.
“ I found out that there is a lot of disparity between students from private schools and those from public schools. This disparity often put public schools at a disadvantaged as they often exhibit low esteem. Today , am happy that aside the bond of friendship exhibit among these students, that discrimination seen between these sets of school is removed. Rather, what we have here is healthy rivalry among them.” added Mrs Isiramen.
The post Teens unite, bridges gap between private, public schools appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(Ron Baselice/The Dallas Morning News via AP). Dallas Police look for a suspect in the shooting of two police officers and a civilian Tuesday, April, 24,2018. Police are near ExtraSpace Storage, south of The Home Depot. Officer in the foreground is beh...
(Ron Baselice/The Dallas Morning News via AP). Dallas Police look for a suspect in the shooting of two police officers Tuesday afternoon April, 24,2018. Police are near ExtraSpace Storage, south of Home Depot.
(Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News via AP). Law enforcement officers stand guard at the driveway entrance to the emergency room at Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas. Two Dallas policemen were reportedly shot at a nearby Home Depot and reportedly were ...
DALLAS (AP) - Two Dallas police officers were critically wounded in a shooting Tuesday outside a home improvement store, authorities said.
Police Chief U. Renee Hall said a store loss-prevention officer also was shot in the incident about 4:15 p.m. outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.
In a tweet about the shooting Tuesday evening, the Dallas Police Department said the officers were critically wounded. During a news conference Tuesday night at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, Hall declined to give an update on their conditions, citing consideration for the privacy of the officers' families.
"We're asking you to continue praying for our officers," Hall said.
The two police officers went to the store to assist an off-duty police officer with taking a man into custody and then the shooting happened.
A 29-year-old man is being sought as a person of interest. Hall said the man left the scene in a white pickup truck.
"I continue to be upset at the lack of respect of our police in this city and in our country," said Mayor Mike Rawlings, who also attended the hospital news conference.
In 2016, four Dallas police officers and a transit officer were shot dead by a sniper in an ambush that came toward the end of a peaceful protest over the police killings of black men that had occurred in other cities.
___
This story has been corrected to show that the fatal shooting of five officers in Dallas was during a protest in 2016, not 2006.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Who are the top 2017 NFL Draft prospects to watch in the upcoming Cotton Bowl matchup between Wisconsin and Western Michigan?
Bowl season is a great time to get a good look at upcoming NFL Draft prospects. There are many interesting matchups in bowl games this year, but the Cotton Bowl stands out as one to particularly keep an eye on.
Both for college football and NFL Draft purposes, the Cotton Bowl should be an extremely interesting game to watch. The eighth-ranked Wisconsin Badgers will undoubtedly have their hands full against the 13-0 and 15th ranked Western Michigan Broncos.
Western Michigan is having a dream season and they would love nothing more than to cap it off with a big win in the Cotton Bowl. Wisconsin is coming off of a tough come-from-behind loss to Penn State in the Big Ten Championship game.
The Cotton Bowl is a great game to play in, but Wisconsin undoubtedly had their sights set higher. They are an extremely talented and well-coached team, but it will be interesting to see if they come to play. One thing is for sure, they will have to bring their A game against Western Michigan if they expect to come away with a victory.
This is an extremely interesting matchup between two great college football teams. However, for the purposes of this piece, we are going to look into the future of the players on the field.
Who are the best 2017 NFL Draft prospects in this Cotton Bowl matchup?
5. Corey Clement, Wisconsin
Position: Running Back
Height: 5-11
Weight: 227 pounds
Class: Senior
An extremely productive running back with a legitimate NFL skill-set, Corey Clement is an interesting mid-round prospect in the 2017 NFL Draft class. Clement was an explosive back-up earlier in his career, playing in a change of pace role behind Melvin Gordon.
Clement was expected to take on a full-time role with the Badgers last year, but a serious hernia injury and a nagging ankle issues allowed him to only play in four games on the season. That being said, Clement returned for his senior season at Wisconsin and produced at a high level.
Heading into the bowl game, Clement has rushed for 1,304 yards and 14 touchdowns on 292 carries. Those are undoubtedly strong numbers, but they are a bit under-whelming playing behind a good Wisconsin offensive line.
That being said, Clement was the clear focal point of opposing defenses when Wisconsin had the ball. Teams consistently stacked the box against Clement this season, giving up little running room to work with.
Clement's senior season numbers are a bit under-whelming, but he undoubtedly has a nice mix of skills to work with. An extremely quick and balanced back, Clement does a great job of hitting the hole hard and staying upright at the point of contact.
He also shows nice agility in the open field, making defenders miss with a strong array of quick moves. Clement is most known as a big-play guy, but he is also a relatively powerful runner who is not afraid to mix it up inside.
In a loaded running back class, I do not see Clement as an early-round selection. That being said, there is some nice upside here. Clement has a great chance to improve his stock with a strong showing in the Cotton Bowl.
4. Vince Biegel, Wisconsin
Position: Linebacker
Height: 6-4
Weight: 245 pounds
Class: Senior
An extremely tough and quick player, Vince Biegel has had a ton of success at outside linebacker for the Badgers the last three years. Biegel is likely the best player on a loaded Wisconsin defense and he has a bright future at the next level.
While his sack totals do not necessarily back it up, Biegel has nice pass rush ability on the outside. He is a relentless pass rusher who consistently puts pressure on the quarterback from the edge. He shows great technique on the pass rush and shows a wide-array of pass rushing moves.
On top of that, Biegel is an extremely capable run defender, who has a tendency to make plays in the backfield. An extremely smart and aware player, Biegel is seemingly always in the right place at the right time.
He does not have the elite-level athleticism that NFL teams love out of their edge rushers, but he is a tough and aggressive player who has nice upside at the next level.
It will be interesting to see how Biegel is used at the next level. I could see him being a strong and stable outside linebacker in the 3-4 defense, being used similarly to how he has been at Wisconsin.
That being said, he does have the natural skill-set to kick inside. NFL teams may not love his lack of athleticism on the edge, but I could see them falling in love with his tenacity on the inside. Also, even if Biegel cannot make an immediate contribution on defense, he has the aggressive, high-motor playing style that would fit well on special teams.
Similar to Clement, Biegel will have a big opportunity to raise his draft stock with a strong performance at the Cotton Bowl.
3. Taylor Moton, Western Michigan
Position: Offensive Line
Height: 6-5
Weight: 328 pounds
Class: Senior
The 2017 NFL Draft class is not exactly loaded with talent on the offensive line. In fact, many consider this to be the worst draft class for offensive linemen in recent history.
That being said, there are some potential hidden gems in this class up front who could make a huge difference for whichever team takes a chance on them. The guy who stands out most in that description is Western Michigan's Taylor Moton.
Western Michigan has arguably the best offensive line in all college football. They are a dominant run blocking unit that has also done a great job of protecting quarterback Zach Terrell. The Broncos have an incredible offensive line from left to right, but it is Moton who is the best of the bunch.
Moton plays right tackle for Western Michigan, and he does so at an extremely high level. Moton is a big and powerful man who consistently dominates in the run game. A powerful drive blocker who will consistently maul opposing defenders, Moton's run blocking skills should easily translate to the next level.
Moton is not the quickest lineman off of the snap, but he does show great athleticism for a man of his size. He moves well and typically does a great job in pass protection. Facing Biegel and company will be a great test for Moton, but if he performs well, expect to hear more about him in NFL Draft circles.
He is not really any sort of left tackle prospect, but Moton should be a strong and stable starter at either right tackle or guard at the next level. He is an underrated offensive line prospect who needs to be taken seriously as a strong day two option.
2. Ryan Ramczyk, Wisconsin
Position: Offensive Tackle
Height: 6-6
Weight: 314 pounds
Class: Junior
Going from technical school to be a welder to a Division III football program, Ryan Ramczyk certainly took an interesting path to Wisconsin. Ramczyk was a relatively unknown prospect heading into the season, but now he is one of the best offensive tackles in college football.
The Wisconsin left tackle is one of the best stories in college football. Working his way up the ranks, Ramczyk has become the best offensive lineman at a University that prides themselves in great play up front.
Ramczyk is an extremely active and athletic left tackle who shows fantastic pass protection skills. Ramczyk does a great job of mirroring the opposing pass rushers, consistently doing well against speed and athleticism on the edge.
While he is not the most physical blocker in the run game, Ramczyk does a great job of reaching the second-level. He shows fantastic quickness off of the snap. Simply put, there is not a reach or pull block that Ramczyk cannot make.
Ramczyk is an elite-level pass protector who would fit extremely well in a zone-based run blocking system. He is arguably the best offensive line prospect in a weak class. He undoubtedly has a chance to go in the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft.
1. Corey Davis, Western Michigan
Position: Wide Receiver
Height: 6-3
Weight: 213 pounds
Class: Senior
Ramczyk is an extremely interesting NFL Draft prospect, but the number one choice for the Cotton Bowl was easy. Western Michigan's Corey Davis is arguably the best wide receiver in this NFL Draft class, and he has major upside at the next level.
Davis has been extremely productive receiver throughout his four years with the Broncos. Even before his last game at Western Michigan, Davis owns the MAC receiving record books. Nobody in the history of the conference has more receptions (325), receiving yards (5,205) or receiving touchdowns (51) than Davis.
He is inarguably the best wide receiving in the history of the Mid-American Conference and Davis clearly has a bright NFL future ahead of him.
An extremely smooth athlete who can make plays in a variety of ways, Davis has an impressive overall skill-set. He is a fast and athletic receiver who can create issues for defenses in the short, long and intermediate passing game.
Davis shows impressive athleticism in the air and does a great job of timing his jumps. An extremely impressive route-runner, Davis always seems to find the open space in zone coverage. Also, while he is certainly best suited to play on the outside, Davis has shown the ability to play in the slot as well. Versatility is always nice.
An extremely well-rounded athlete who has a great knack for the wide receiver position, Davis is clearly one of the best offensive skill position players in the 2017 NFL Draft class. He is undoubtedly a guy to keep an eye on in the Cotton Bowl.
More from NFL Spin Zone
This article originally appeared on
Tenzing 720 lumbar pack Very nice pack in perfect like new condition. Has the max-1 camo pattern I believe. Can text pics if interested. Would trade for a set of high end 30 mm low rings, stock pack, Remington 700 SA 20 moa rail, 243 dies, and .243 projectiles. Cash value $85.
Queen and Adam Lambert to release virtual reality concert The band has teamed up with VRTGO, Universal Music Group's VR platform, for “VR The Champions,” a 360-degree 3-D performance.
Beck gets funky, disco king Giorgio Morodor is back and newer music In this week's new releases, Beck rediscovers his groove, Giorgio Moroder revisits his past, and fun.'s Nate Ruess remembers how to be happy. Check out our roundup. Downloads of the...
Mariah Carey attempts a career resurrection and other music reviews In this week's new music releases, Mariah Carey and Adam Lambert attempt career resurrections, Blur put personal differences aside, while Zac Brown Band get jazzy. Here's our roundup. Downloads of...
Star snaps of the day Ariana Grande gives a truly cold shoulder, Drake cheers, Dakota Fanning and Michael B. Jordan pal around, Madonna gives back and more.
Image copyright Telit communications
The head of Telit Communications, Oozi Cats, has resigned after an internal company investigation found he had concealed a US indictment against him.
Telit launched an inquiry when it was alleged Mr Cats was actually Uzi Katz, who is wanted for fraud in the US.
The internet company, which is listed on London's Aim market, said Mr Cats had "knowingly withheld" information.
It said his non-disclosure was a "source of considerable anger".
'Driving forward'
Mr Cats is one of the founders of the business which he has led since 2000. Telit is a supplier to Tesla, the electric carmaker.
He took a leave of absence last Tuesday following a board meeting, and Telit has now confirmed he has stepped down and ended his employment with the company.
In a statement, the company said: "It is a source of considerable anger to the board that the historical indictment against Oozi Cats was never disclosed to them or previous members of the board and that they have only been made aware of its existence through third parties."
The US authorities have warrants against Uzi Katz, which date back to 1992, for allegedly setting up a fraudulent property scheme.
A spokesman for Telit said: "This matter has been dealt with quickly and we are now driving the company forward."
Telit said it would recruit three new non-executive directors, one of whom would replace the current chairman, Enrico Testa.
Shares in Telit rose nearly 15% to 142p on Monday morning, but still remain well below the 182p level the shares were at before the allegations about Mr Cats emerged.
Mr Cats has not yet publicly commented on his resignation.
Analysis: Dominic O'Connell, Today programme business presenter
These allegations are another blow to the credibility of Aim, London's junior stock market.
Aim - or the Alternative Investment Market, as it be used to called - is designed to give small companies which cannot afford the full costs of a market listing access to public funds.
It has spawned some huge successes - Asos, the fashion retailer, is an Aim stalwart that is now worth £4.5bn - but has also tested investors' patience.
Two years ago five Chinese companies had their shares suspended in quick succession in a spate of corporate governance scandals, including one memorable debacle when the London board had to confess it had been unable to make contact with the management in China.
BASSETERRE, ST. KITTS – Former Prime Minister of St. Kitts and Nevis, the Right Hon. Dr. Denzil L. Douglas says he has accepted the mandate of his 85-year-old St. Kitts-Nevis Labour Party (SKNLP) to bring greater benefits to the people of the twin-island Federation.
“I never ever want to impose myself on anybody. I am here only to do one thing and that is to serve the people of St. Kitts and Nevis. I have lived a full life. It is almost 20 years that I served as prime minister and made my contribution. However my party has asked me to assist in ensuring that this government which has openly practiced rampant victimisation against persons who are supporters of the Labour Party is removed from office through free and fair elections,” said Douglas in response to a caller during his weekly radio programme “Ask the Leader” on Kyss 102.5 FM.
He said he will use his time, energy, experience and effort to assist the SKNLP in getting back into government to better the lives of the people.
“I will serve as I have served before. It is because I believe that I can again on behalf of the people, lead this country to a better way of life. That is why I am asking that you continue to give your views. You have criticized us in areas where you think that we have failed. Let us see how we can fashion policies and programmes that will bring greater benefits to the people of St. Kitts and Nevis,” Dr. Douglas told listeners.
He said the SKNLP, which formed the government from July 1995 to February 2015, is developing policies and programmes to better serve the people.
“We will provide adequate and affordable housing, jobs and job opportunities. We continue to invigorate the debate on crime with the ideas and suggestions, more scholarships to our young people including students and young persons who have been deprived of the State support given by my SKNLP administration and who want to attend the Clarence Fitzroy Bryant College (CFBC), and who are now going to have great difficulties in going to overseas universities and colleges,” said Dr. Douglas.
He said while the Team Unity Cabinet ministers are fulling their pockets “our people and our young people in particular, languish on the side corners, deprived of the little activity that they had from the People Empowerment Programme (PEP) because now only those who are supporters of the Team Unity government must eat and live in this country.”
The demise of the Republican health-care bill could push the Trump administration to drive the bus on its next big agenda items — and keep House Speaker Paul Ryan's hands off the wheel.
see also House Republicans pull health care bill President Trump on Friday abruptly scrapped a vote on his...
“They'll be much more involved to get certain things they're looking for,” GOP consultant Susan del Percio told The Post. “Don't underestimate the potential for Trump to reach out to Democrats and moderate Republicans to cut a deal.”
Tax reform, the next major Trump goal, will have to originate in the House of Representatives, but some pundits said the health-care collapse will force a strategic shift.
“Look for the White House to . . . set the policy and work the members from the beginning, undercutting Ryan,” predicted Mike Allen on Axios.com.
And congressional conservatives could try to leapfrog the damaged speaker on health care. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama and Rep. Jim Jordan of Ohio are all proposing “clean repeal” bills that, they say, would ditch ObamaCare and construct a new system from scratch.
While the White House quickly switched rhetorical gears to talk taxes in the wake of Friday's embarrassing failure, Trump didn't let go of the health-care issue.
“ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE,” he tweeted Saturday morning. “Do not worry!”
Vice President Mike Pence boosted the same theme.
“Every day ObamaCare survives is another day Americans suffer,” Pence said after meeting with small-business owners in Charleston, W.Va.
Even without the Ryan plan, the administration can take action to hasten the ObamaCare “death spiral” that Trump has predicted.
Much of ObamaCare's structure relies on regulations issued by new Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price — who is now its long-term foe.
The Trump administration can decide whether to stop paying billions in cost-sharing subsidies that help reduce deductibles. Republicans have challenged the
subsidies in court, and insurance companies say the system would collapse without them.
Trump's IRS could also ease up on enforcing the tax penalties paid by those who choose not to buy health insurance.
Professional wrestling star and Charlottean Ric Flair was admitted to a hospital over the weekend, and a tweet sent out by his management team early Monday seeks prayers for “tough medical issues.”
Media outlets reported the 68-year-old Flair – known as “The Nature Boy” – was in intensive care, and that the issue is heart related.
“Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?” asked the Tweet from Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent and Entertainment. “If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues.”
The ominous sounding tweet represented a change in tone from what Zanoni was saying Saturday, when she described the hospital visit as “routine monitoring” and said there was “no reason to panic.”
A day later, Zanoni was asking for prayers, both on Twitter and Facebook. None of her posts have specified why Flair was admitted to a hospital. It was also unclear Monday if Flair was being treated in Charlotte, which is the city he calls home.
Fans noted the quick change in his health status with concern, and many asked for more details.
“Last night, it was routine. Tonight, it's tough medical issues,” posted Larissa Angel on Facebook. “As a true life-time dedicated fan, my heart is breaking and I just wish we had more information! I have been praying since he missed his show in Virginia on the 5th. I know we are not technically family but...it's really hard to sit back and have to wonder.”
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Added Tobi Kallbach on Facebook: “(Is) there any more information about the tough health issues Ric Flair is dealing with? I think I am not the only person who is very concerned about his well-being.”
Flair had a previous health scare in December 1998, when he slumped in the corner of a wrestling ring prior to a World Championship Wrestling event in Tampa, Fla. He was admitted to a hospital for tests, but it was found the numbness in his left arm and chest spasms were not due to a heart attack.
In October 1975, he was among five passengers injured after an improperly fueled Cessna 310Q twin-engine plane suffered mechanical failure and crashed in Wilmington, says his web page.
Flair earned 16 world championships since the late 1970s, but became just as famous for his in-ring antics, including rule breaking, cocky interview style, strutting and shouting the catchphrase “WOOOOO!” The latter has become his trademark.
An Aug. 8 Observer story noted Flair's hard-edged wrestling persona has appeared to mellow in recent months. The former “world champion” has given a series of painfully honest interviews leading up to a documentary about his career on ESPN's acclaimed “30 for 30” series. It will air Nov. 7.
Flair spoke of some regrets in the interviews, including not being able to draw a line between his big, loud wrestling persona and his personal life.
However, true to his wrestling style, he made no apologies.
Flair's fame has endured a decade after his heyday, in part because his glitzy, jewelry wearing persona was embraced by a younger generation of rappers. In a recent article, Complex.com called Flair “Hip-Hop's Favorite Wrestler.”
As a result, he has experienced a resurgence in popularity since retiring a decade ago.
“His lifestyle has become the rapper blueprint and his name has become a metaphor for pageantry,” wrote Complex. “In Ric Flair, rap artists have found the embodiment of their brashest selves, co-opting his character's brand as a stand-in for extravagance and excess.”
Many of us know all too well the consequences associated with a big night of drinking. The headache, dry mouth, uneasy stomach and general feeling of self-pity.
No one looks forward to a hangover. In fact, people will try pretty much anything (except not ordering that extra round of shots) to avoid one.
Cures range from the obvious like drinking plenty of water and popping a couple of aspirin before bed to eating prickly pear cactus, throwing back some activated charcoal and having sex.
But navigating your way through the ever-growing list of miracle hangover cures may be a thing of the past, with the invention of a new synthetic alcohol that eliminates the risk of a hangover altogether.
Drugs scientist and Imperial College Professor, David Nutt has created the aptly named “alcosynth,” which is designed to mirror the effects of alcohol minus the throbbing headache.
According to The Times (paywall), Professor Nutt has plans to roll out alcosynth in over one hundred cocktail bars by 2020.
Over the decade, his team has been experimenting with approximately 80 different substances that imitate the way alcohol works on the brain but poses less of a health risk.
These different options have been reduced to just five, one of which will be submitted to Britain's Food Standard's Agency as a novel “food ingredient.”
“I've been working in this field since 2005 without any (commercial) success. So a couple of years ago I started working with business people who explained that I would have to get investors,” Professor Nutt told The Times.
“We formed this company to explore a range of alcohol alternatives. The current plan is development as a foodstuff. We would hope to take this through the FSA to conform with the levels of safety and toxicology criteria for a food ingredient.”
Professor Nutt and his team are trying to raise $11.8 million (£7 million) to fund the final round of safety checks to ensure that the product is fit for human consumption before it can be put forward to be sold to the public.
The reason you can go out and chug alcosynth all night without feeling like death the next day but you can't do the same with margaritas is because of a compound called acetaldehyde.
This is the compound that is responsible for hangovers when it gets broken down in the liver but, unlike regular alcohol, alcosynth doesn't cause a build up of acetaldehyde, meaning you get to skip the nasty hangover.
Professor Nutt has hopes that alcosynth will be able to replace all regular alcohol by 2050.
“It will be there alongside the scotch and the gin, they'll dispense the alcosynth into your cocktail and then you'll have the pleasure without damaging your liver and your heart,” he told The Independent.
“They go very nicely into mojitos. They even go into something as clear as a Tom Collins. One is pretty tasteless, the other has a bitter taste.”
Friends and colleagues will be pessimistic for no good reason today and you must not let their negative attitude rub off on you. If you can't find ways to cheer them up then remove yourself from their presence for a while. Misery loves company.
Fifty years after becoming the first woman to officially enter the Boston Marathon, Kathrine Switzer made history with her feet once again — and this time, no one tried to rip off her iconic bib number.
Switzer, now 70, donned bib No. 261 for the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, the same number she wore in 1967 when then-race director Jock Semple tried to rip off her bib and stop her from finishing the race. The moment was captured in an iconic photo showing Switzer's then-boyfriend coming to her aid.
She went on to finish the 1967 Boston Marathon in 4 hours and 20 minutes, roughly 24 minutes faster than her unofficial time on Monday of 4:44:31 after signaling the start of the women's elite race. That was good enough for eighth place within her age group (70-74) and 22,586th place overall, according to unofficial race results.
Earlier in the race, Switzer posted videos to her Facebook page chronicling her run, referencing the approximate spot where Semple tried to stop her from finishing the race half a century ago.
“So proud of you Katherine,” one commenter wrote in response to the video. “You are such a role model for Women. Have a great race. Enjoy every minute.”
Prior to Monday's race, Switzer — who won the 1974 New York City Marathon and finished second in the 1975 Boston Marathon — told the Boston Globe she started training about 18 months earlier and was told by her physiotherapist to train every other day and to focus on the recovery process.
“And I screamed because I'm an everyday kind of runner,” she told the newspaper.
Switzer said she finished two 20-mile races during her training, as well as distances of up to 1,000 meters at a 5K pace and core workouts twice a week. That's a far cry from the regimen she ran during her peak as a competitive runner, back when she would log more than 100 miles per week and complete at least one 26.2-mile trek before each official marathon.
“But I've never been 70 before,” she told the Globe.
But Switzer — who organized 125 charity runners for Monday's race through her 261 Fearless Foundation, a nonprofit she launched in 2015 to empower female runners — said she was primarily concerned with getting enough downtime prior to the demanding run.
“I'm not worried about the physicalness of my capability,” she said. “What I'm worried about — outside of an injury or something out of the blue — but what I do worry about is being tired.”
Switzer said she can easily recall the 1967 race half a century later. At the time, the 20-year-old journalism student from Syracuse University realized what finishing the course would mean to women around the world, particularly female runners.
“That's a helluva lot of pressure. Actually, it's the same pressure I feel on Monday. You know? Because people are going to remember me more if I don't finish than if I do finish,” Switzer told the Globe. “And so, somehow I've got to finish.”
The incident thrust her into a role as an “iconic athlete, sports and social advocate, author and Emmy-award television commentator,” according to her blog, Marathon Woman. The number 261 has since come to symbolize being “fearless in the face of adversity,” Switzer writes.
She said she began the race 50 years ago simply as a “kid who wanted to run,” while referencing Roberta Bingay Gibb's finish in 1966 without an official bib number.
“[S]o I wasn't trying to break any barriers,” Switzer recalled on her blog. “It wasn't until a race official attacked me during the run did I become determined to finish and speak out on behalf of all women.”
Women were ultimately allowed to officially run in Boston during the 76th race on April 17, 1972. Switzer finished in third place that year with a time of just under 3 hours and 30 minutes, according to Boston.com.
Fifty years later, Switzer continues to inspire. On Thursday, the Boston Athletic Association announced that Switzer's bib number would be retired from the Boston Marathon. Race officials had previously retired just one other bib number — 61 — in honor of John Kelly, who notched 61 Boston finishes, MassLive.com reports.
“Now that she's getting into her later years, you'd think she'd sit back and say, ‘I've done my part,'” runner Rosy Spraker told CBS Boston. “But now I think 261 Fearless is going to be her biggest achievement.”
Share
The iPhone X is completely different from any of its predecessors. It's the first iPhone to boast a stunning OLED screen, as well as the first to do away the iconic home button.
But like any smartphone, there are always a few issues that crop up. We've compiled a list of iPhone X problems, after scouring through support threads and forums, and we also have fixes and workarounds to make sure your new iPhone keeps working perfectly.
Glitch: Face ID not working properly
People have quickly gotten used to unlocking their iPhones with their faces, but it seems that Face ID has not been performing perfectly for everyone. Posts in the iMore forum and the MacRumors forum describe an increasingly erratic Face ID which inexplicably fails some of the time. This issue may crop up after a software update.
Workarounds:
Make sure your environment is well-lit and don't wear shades.
Consider going into Settings > Face ID & Passcode and toggle Require Attention for Face ID off. But be aware that this makes it less secure.
Potential fixes:
Go to Settings > Face ID & Passcode and tap Reset Face ID. Work through the steps to set it up again.
Look in Settings > General > Software Update and make sure you have the latest update.
If nothing has worked, then take your iPhone X into an Apple Store or to an authorized service provider and ask for a repair or replacement. Apparently, Apple has some testing procedures in place for this problem and it might require a rear camera repair.
Issue: Screen unresponsive
We've seen a few reports at the Apple forums and the MacRumors forum about the iPhone X screen refusing to turn back on, refusing to turn off, or freezing up intermittently. There are a few possible causes of this.
Potential fixes:
The first thing to try for a problem like this is a force restart. Press and quickly release the Volume Up button. Then press and quickly release the Volume Down button. Then press and hold the Sleep/Wake button until you see the Apple logo. Unfortunately, this might only be a temporary fix.
button until you see the Apple logo. Unfortunately, this might only be a temporary fix. For a more permanent fix, it might be worth trying a factory reset, just make sure you back up first.
If there's any visible damage, or you suspect physical damage from a drop or bump could be the cause, then contact Apple and take your iPhone into an Apple Store or authorized repair shop for a repair.
Problem: Screen burn-in
Shortly after the release of the iPhone X, Apple put out a statement about the OLED display used in the phone. The company noted that over time, “image persistence” or “burn-in” could appear. Burn-in occurs when a static image is left on the screen for a long time and gets burned into the display permanently. For example, if you leave your iPhone X screen on for quite a while sitting on the home screen, the icon of an app may get burned into the screen, so much so that you can see its faint outline when watching a video.
Apple is being proactive here and warning users that burn-in could occur on the iPhone X in the future, as OLED screens are often prone to the problem, but it's not likely to happen to most people.
Workaround:
Apple recommends you reduce the brightness on your phone. To reduce the brightness on your iPhone X, pull down on the right side of your screen to open the Control Center and adjust the brightness slider.
Turn on Auto-Lock. Since static images are much more likely to cause burn-in, you'll want to make sure that your screen will turn off when you're not using the phone. To turn on Screen-Lock, go to Settings > Displays & Brightness > Auto-Lock. Set your display to turn off after 30 or 60 seconds of inactivity.
Problem: iPhone X not working in cold temperatures
A number of users on Reddit have reported that the iPhone X stops working when they are in cold temperatures. The problem typically only lasts a few seconds, though some users have experienced a longer freeze-up. Luckily, Apple is aware of the problem and is working on a software update that should address the issue.
Workaround:
Users report that locking and unlocking the screen will fix the problem.
Issue: Green line appearing on screen
Apple Insider reports a small number of iPhone X users see a persistent green line on the left or right side of the screen. People who have experienced the issue say the line does not appear when you first turn on the phone, but after using it. Samsung, the manufacturer of the iPhone X display, had a similar problem with the Samsung Galaxy S7, leading people to believe this may be a hardware problem.
Solution:
Apple is aware of the issue and is currently replacing affected units. The company is also gathering data from the damaged devices to determine the source of the problem. If you have an affected unit, take the phone to an Apple Store or contact them by phone at 1-800–694–7466, or online here
Problem: Crackling speakers at high volume
Posts in the Apple forums, on Reddit, and in the MacRumors forum describe a crackling noise when iPhone X speakers are at a high volume. The problem seems to be limited to a small number of phones and continues after the unit is replaced. A similar problem on the iPhone 8 was attributed to a software issue and a patch was released to address the problem. It's unclear whether the iPhone X problem is a software or hardware issue at this point but Apple is currently looking into it.
Workarounds:
LOGAN, Ohio — One match can make all the difference.
The Gallia Academy wrestling team claimed a narrow victory over non-conference host Logan on Thursday at Jim Myers Gymnasium, defeating the Chieftains by a 42-37 count in a dual meet.
The Blue Devils won four matches by pinfall and three more by forfeit.
Gallia Academy's pinfall victories came from junior Kenton Ramsey in the 113-pound matchup, junior Justin Day at 132 pounds, sophomore Bronson Carter in the 138 class, and junior Boo Pullins at 182.
Winning by forfeit for GAHS were seniors Caleb Greenlee (106), Kyle Greenlee (120), and Hunter Terry (285).
In the 160 match for Gallia Academy, Kenny Siders dropped a 9-2 decision, while in the 170 class Andrew Mullins lost a major, 16-4, decision.
GAHS surrendered the the 220 class by forfeit, while Grant Bryan (126), Corbin Walker (145), Austin Peroud (152) and Nickolas Hufford (195) suffered pinfall defeats.
The Blue Devils are set to wrestle again on Wednesday at Meigs.
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Cristie Kerr is the best American player of her generation, but her quest to qualify for the LPGA Hall of Fame remains an uncertain challenge as she nears her 40th birthday later this year.
If Kerr doesn't make it, we might never see another American get into the LPGA Hall of Fame.
Yeah, OK, that's over the top, but it's intentionally so, with the suggestion meant to drive home a point.
The LPGA's Hall of Fame has long been the most difficult in sports to make, and it's getting more difficult with each passing year.
Last season, Inbee Park became the first player in almost a decade to qualify.
The LPGA has changed dramatically since its 27-point qualifying system was put into place in 1999, but the LPGA Hall of Fame hasn't yet reacted, though there is an internal review going on now.
Where World Golf Hall of Fame voting in its past configuration was, perhaps, too subjective, the LPGA's point system is too objective.
Can you really measure greatness solely by points or numbers?
The LPGA's Hall of Fame review committee needs, at the very least, to rebuild its veterans committee, which inexplicably lapsed into dormancy, going 10 years now without being reorganized. The veterans committee was created to consider exceptions, players who didn't meet the Hall of Fame points requirement but who were worthy of subjective consideration.
And there are lots of players worthy of consideration as exceptions.
For example, only five of the 13 LPGA founders are in the LPGA Hall of Fame. They all ought to be in there regardless of how many events they won. They founded the organization. There's greatness alone in the sacrifices they made.
Lorena Ochoa easily surpassed the LPGA Hall of Fame point requirement, amassing 37 points, but she didn't meet the 10-year tour membership requirement. She ought to be voted in by a reorganized veterans committee.
Laura Davies has 25 points, but she didn't compete in as many LPGA events as she could have early in her career because she played so much internationally and wanted to support the Ladies European Tour. She deserves LPGA Hall of Fame membership based on what she has meant to Europe's contribution to the LPGA.
Japan's Ayako Okamoto didn't start playing golf competitively until she was 22, then dominated in Japan but didn't join the LPGA until she was older. She was 30 as an LPGA rookie but went on to take 17 LPGA titles, becoming the first international player to win the LPGA Player of the Year Award and the first win LPGA money title. She's an LPGA pioneer.
Sandra Palmer, Hollis Stacy, Meg Mallon, Jane Blalock and Beverly Hanson are players who came up short on qualifying requirements but are worthy of having their records reviewed by a veterans committee.
Kerr will end up in the World Golf Hall of Fame, based on its new female requirements (15 or more victories, 2 or more majors). As soon as Kerr turns 50, or five years pass after she gives up active LPGA membership, she will be eligible for World Golf Hall of Fame induction.
With 21 points, Kerr is the leading active American outside the LPGA Hall of Fame. A player gets one point for an LPGA victory, two if it's a major, and one point for a Player of the Year Award or Vare Trophy. Kerr's 19 titles include two majors.
As for the crack about no Americans ever getting in again, Stacy Lewis definitely has a chance, with 17 points. That's 11 LPGA titles (two of them majors) with two Player of the Year Awards and two Vare trophies. Lexi Thompson also has the potential at just 22 years old.
The thing is, it's tougher to win an LPGA event today than it was 20 years ago, a lot tougher than it was 30 years ago and there's no comparing today's game to the LPGA of 40 and 50 years ago.
When Kerr was born in 1977, the LPGA was dominated by Americans. There were 32 events that year and 30 were won by Americans. Japan's Hisako Higuchi and Argentina's Silvia Bertolaccini were the only international winners. In '75, there wasn't a single international winner.
This isn't meant to denigrate the achievements of a golden era of American players who earned their fame, but the explosion of the international game in women's golf makes it a lot harder to win today than it was for Babe Zaharias, Betsy Rawls, Patty Berg, Louise Suggs, Mickey Wright, Kathy Whitworth, Pat Bradley, Patty Sheehan, Nancy Lopez and that early American contingent that dominated Hall of Fame qualification. Again, that's not to say they weren't great and wouldn't be great today, it's just an acknowledgment of how much deeper international players make today's game.
Annika Sorenstam was the first international player to get into the LPGA Hall of Fame in '03.
The LPGA point system is fine, as long as there is a veterans committee considering the records of retired players. Without that, is too coldly objective.
1:02 8-foot python gets a CT scan After being discovered with injuries to its head and body in India, an 8-foot python was brought to a hospital, where doctors were persuaded to give it a CT scan. They were able to properly diagnose the reptile's injuries and treat them, helping the snake begin its journey to recovery.
1:03 Woman chops off man's penis before wedding participating in an arranged wedding, a 26-year-old man in India attempted to have one last rendezvous with his former lover. Unfortunately, she didn't react well to the upcoming nuptials and attempted to chop off his penis, although doctors were able to reattach the organ.
1:13 Bride's mother suggests they get down and dirty for wedding pics This newlywed Dutch couple went viral after staging racy wedding photos. In one pic, the bride is photographed on her knees in the woods, simulating oral sex. In another, the couple pretend to make whoopee in a pickup truck. The photographer, Michel Klooster , says the raunchy couple wishes to remain anonymous.
2:09 How does a bump stock work? Twelve of the rifles used in the Las Vegas massacre employed “bump stocks.” The legal accessory, which was relatively obscure until the shooting, attaches to the back of a semi-automatic rifle and greatly increases the number of rounds fired per minute, mimicking the frequency of a fully automatic weapon.
2:06 Couple claim to have orgasmed with God, a tree, and a thunderstorm Married couple Scott and Melanie McClure have a divine love life. "I can have an orgasm with a tree," says nature lover Scott. He and his wife had a particularly gratifying experience while on a camping trip. "I start vibrating and I realize my booty is vibrating and jiggling a lot," Melanie revealed to the New York Post. "I realize that I'm orgasming with the Earth." The McClures founded Ecstatic Hearts, a center for the Tantric arts in Texas. They now live in Los Angeles.
0:59 A real-life mummified head has taken London by storm Famed philosopher Jeremy Bentham's mummified head is being displayed at University College London, finally rejoining his preserved body. Bentham had wanted his body preserved so that it could be displayed and wheeled out at parties, but a problem with the mummification process resulted in the head looking somewhat ... unpleasant.
0:47 Baby cries whenever Celine Dion's 'My Heart Will Go On' plays Even though she's just a toddler, Vivien Mack has some very strong opinions when it comes to music. Whenever Celine Dion's hit "My Heart Will Go On" comes on, Vivien bursts into tears.
1:06 'Quickest man on Earth' trains the NBA and NFL Luis Badillo Jr. has some of the fastest feet on the internet. The Miami-based trainer sports nearly 350,000 followers on Instagram, thanks to his speedy stunts. Badillo's impressive list of more than 200 clients includes Isaiah Pead of the Miami Dolphins and 7-foot-tall NBA giant Timofey Mozgov.
0:54 This is officially the world's longest dog tongue With a tongue measuring 7.31 inches, Mochi the dog holds the Guinness World Record for longest dog tongue. This blows away the previous record of 4.5 inches.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
International rugby league returns to Scandinavia this Saturday (17th June) when current Nordic Cup holders Norway face Sweden at the Bislett Stadium, Oslo (kick off 2pm). The hosts have won the last two encounters between the nations.
Both sides are fielding a number of new, young players this year, as the sport continues to grow in the region. Norway coach Dave Hunter, commented:
“We have introduced a number of new players into our squad which should bode well for the future. We have had a decent preparation, which included trials and a camp in Oslo, but although we might start as favourites there is an intense rivalry and we know that we will have to be at our best.”
His opposite number Ashley Brown, who takes charge of the Swedes for the last time before handing over the reins to Sam Cammell, noted: “With such a young side and playing at a stadium we have never won in, we need no greater motivation. Both nations regard this as a special event in their international calendar.”
Norway's squad is drawn from ten domestic clubs, the widest spread selected to date.
Norway 19-man squad: Bendik Kalvik, Sjur Strand (Bodø Barbarians), Harald Mikalsen (Farsund Bobcats), Kristoffer Milligan, Stephen Skofteland (Flekkefjord Tigers), Reidar Flage, Sonny Mellor, Joshua William Skidmore-Hornby (Lillestrøm Lions), Isaac Schmidt (Oslo Capitals),Kevin Båtnes, Leif Andreas Nilsen, Nils Holte, Kristian Paulsen, Chris Stalsberg (Porsgrunn Pirates),Torbjørn Egaas (Sandnes Raiders), Mathias Vada Stenseth-Holm (Sparbu Lumberjacks), Ole Magnus Brekk, Stephen Mwikaria (Trondheim Rugby Klubb),Nathan Cummins (Stavanger Storm)
CBS Beatles special draws 14 million viewers Fifty years later, Beatlemania is still a force. The CBS special “The Beatles: The Night That Changed America – A Grammy Salute” averaged nearly 14 million viewers on Sunday night...
Best and worst moments from Beatles' 50th anniversary special Sunday night's CBS special, “The Beatles: The Night That Changed America,” celebrated the 50th anniversary of The Fab Four's live appearance on “The Ed Sullivan Show” which did, indeed, “change America”...
All hail Ringo, for 50 years the unsung Beatle Dear Ringo, Congratulations on the 50th anniversary of your appearance with the lads on “The Ed Sullivan Show.” I know you're aware of the media din surrounding Sunday night's CBS...
Comedy duo says The Beatles owe them a dime Charlie Brill has a message for Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr. “You owe me a dime,” he wants the remaining Beatles to know. With interest, it might be a bit...
George's sister nursed him back to health for Beatles' US TV debut Of course there were the thousands of screaming teenage girls who loved them — yeah, yeah, yeah. But when the four Beatles first landed in New York in early February...
Hot Picks: Fest for Beatles Fans celebrates band's USA debut If you're a Beatles fanatic, you'll be in good company this weekend. Fifty years worth of good company, in fact. The Fest for Beatles Fans hits town today, celebrating the...
Signed Beatles backdrop from ‘Ed Sullivan' may fetch up to $1M NEW YORK — A large piece of stage backdrop autographed by the Beatles during their first live US concert 50 years ago is headed to auction, where it could draw...
Meet the girl who rescued George Harrison for Ed Sullivan Of course there were the thousands of screaming teenage girls who loved them — yeah, yeah, yeah. But when the four Beatles first landed in New York in early February...
Iconic Beatles photographer recalls mania surrounding stars On Feb. 9, 1964, photographer Henry Grossman walked less than two blocks from his home to Studio 50 to shoot The Beatles' American debut on “The Ed Sullivan Show.” When...
Safe or Out? You Make the Call!
Intramural Sports is hiring Softball Officials for the spring 2018 season. Please attend one of the mandatory Officiating Clinics, below. During this meeting you will receive job expectations, responsibilities, schedule, and begin to learn the sport rules. Expect each meeting to last 2-3 hours.
Thursday, February 15 @ 6pm, Rec Center, Room 201
Monday, February 19 @ 6pm, Rec Center Room 201 Sport is knowledge is required, officiating experience is optional.
Don't hesitate to contact the Intramural Sports Office if you have any questions, 806-742-2945 or come by Room 203 in the Rec Center during business hours. Softball Posted:
2/2/2018
Originator:
Brett Jackson
Email:
brett.d.jackson@ttu.edu
Department:
Recreational Sports
Categories
Student Organization
Rec Sports Programming
Student Employment/Career Opportunities
In this photo taken on Friday, May 31, 2013, Arkady Babchenko, 41, who had been scathingly critical of the Kremlin in recent years, stands at a police bus during an opposition rally in Moscow, Russia. Police in the capital of Ukraine say a Russian journalist has been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment. Ukrainian police said Arkady Babchenko's wife found him bleeding at the apartment on Tuesday, May 29, 2018 and called an ambulance, but Babchenko died on the way to a hospital. Alexander Baroshin AP Photo
Théoden Janes -- who has covered entertainment at the Observer for nine years -- is a veteran of three Taylor Swift concerts (but won't admit that he actually likes her). Call him at 704-358-5897 or email: tjanes@charlotteobserver.com.
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of his death earlier this week.
Related: Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty: ‘A Long Lost Brother'
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty's tremendous influence on her.
“To me, Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized: complex simplicity,” she revealed. “It said so much in the lyrics, the concepts, the stories, the message, the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone's head. He motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘Free Fallin.” Count me as one of them.”
Swift famously covered Petty's timeless 1977 single, “American Girl,” releasing it as a single and performing it on her Fearless tour in 2009. Check it out below.
Federal disaster workers who plugged in long overtime hours during back-to-back emergencies this year may have some of their pay clawed back, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has told staffers.
FEMA blamed an "unprecedented hurricane season" for forcing it to abide by federal statutes that cap overtime earnings and allow the agency to garnish future paychecks, Bloomberg first reported Tuesday.
“Due to the extended work hours involved in supporting disaster recovery and response efforts for multiple storms, some employees have been affected by the annual maximum earnings limitation," FEMA said in an emailed statement, Bloomberg wrote.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FEMA Administrator On Puerto Rico Recovery After Hurricane Maria 2:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Employees “may still be ordered to perform work without receiving further compensation,” according to an FAQ the agency reportedly sent employees in November.
“A bill will be determined and established for any premium pay amounts over the annual premium pay cap and the employee will be notified and billed in 2018 for that amount."
Related: First water, then red ink: The rising cost of recovery
In 2017, workers for the agency were activated to provide response to hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Jose, and Maria. Those major events resulted in an estimated $200 billion worth of damage combined, according to Moody's Analytics — the second highest total in the nation's history after Katrina. FEMA workers this year also responded to wildfire, flood, winter storms, landslides, and mudslides.
In a House Appropriations subcommittee meeting last month, FEMA administrator Brock Long testified that staff was "tapped out" because "FEMA was never designed to be the first or only respondent in a disaster, but we often find ourselves in that situation."
Approximately 500 FEMA employees are in danger of exceeding their cap this year and the agency is monitoring their status, according to the report.
One possible solution is available, notes Jacob Statman, an attorney who represents federal workers in labor disputes.
"Federal law provides an agency with the ability to waive an overpayment," whether the fault is the employee's or the agency's,” he told NBC News. "But it is within their discretion."
In general, however, federal agencies are loathe to grant such waivers unless it's their fault, Richard Loeb, an attorney for the American Federation of Government Employees, told NBC News.
"When employees are on notice that these overpayments may be made, then getting the waivers can be very difficult," he said.
Loeb also noted that the laws setting limits on what a federal employee may make at different levels have been on the books going as far back as the 1960s — and that Congress passed them for a reason.
"Let's say someone decided to work a year's worth of overtime. They would get the pay of someone twice their grade," he said.
Related: FEMA almost out of cash — and that was before Hurricane Harvey
A FEMA spokesperson told NBC News that the affected employees are almost all in management and generally not those, for example, working in the boats. The impacted ranks might make anywhere from $88,000 to $131,000, according to published federal pay schedules.
The spokesperson said the staffers are being approached and advised of repayment options, including having a small part taken out of their weekly paycheck.
SI Newhouse, the Condé Nast chief who passed away over the weekend at 89, was more than a mere media titan. He was a New York City visionary who helped rescue both Times Square from its long, dark age and Lower Manhattan from its post-9/11 paralysis.
Newhouse drove two momentous, game-changing real-estate moves. In the 1990s, he boldly relocated his fabled media empire to the Durst Organization's Four Times Square. The first of four planned office towers at the “Crossroads of the World,” it had not yet signed any tenants.
Although other Condé Nast executives also pushed for the move, the final say was Newhouse's. He bravely airlifted his glamorous glossies like Vogue and Vanity Fair from safe, secure, media-centric East Midtown to a still-grungy West 42nd Street corner where full redevelopment remained mostly a dream.
Even after “Disneyfication” had tremulously arrived, much of the “Bow-tie” remained forbidding. There were gulps from media mavens when news broke that glamorpuss editors such as Graydon Carter and Anna Wintour were headed to what was long called “Slime Square.”
It almost didn't happen. Durst revealed to The Post that Newhouse rode to the rescue of 4 Times Square just in the nick of time. “The city [under Mayor Rudy Giuliani] was about to sign a lease with The Gap for a store at the corner, which would have delayed the tower for years.”
“They wouldn't sell us the [ground] lease until we had a term sheet for an office tenant, and Si stepped up,” Durst said.
Condé Nast's lease signing on Aug. 1, 1996, changed everything. Three more office buildings went up. Companies such as Skadden Arps, Reuters and Ernst & Young followed. The district was transformed from a dangerous pimping and mugging ground into a pride of the city and a lure to visitors from around the world.
Newhouse proved a hero again 14 years later. When he first sat down with Durst in spring 2010 to talk about One World Trade Center, none of the other planned “ground zero” towers had broken ground — a replay of the Times Square saga.
Nine years after 9/11, downtown still desperately needed help. Remnants of the old Deutsche Bank building's blackened hulk had yet to come down. Both the PA's “Transportation Hub” and the MTA's Fulton Transit Center were spinning their wheels. Wall Street companies wanted to leave the area and uptown firms ignored the temptation of lower rents downtown.
There were doubts that any tenants would want to move to One World Trade Center — which was helpfully described by Donald Trump as “terror target No. 1 with a bulls-eye around its neck.” Then, on May 17, 2011, Newhouse announced he'd sign a 1 million square-foot lease at the “Freedom Tower.”
That Condé Nast enjoyed favorable lease terms with the Port Authority, Durst's partner at One World Trade, in no way minimized the magnitude of its commitment. The influx of famous editors and media executives to a district still struggling to regain its footing inspired other companies to head downtown as well.
Durst plans to darken the spires of One World Trade Center, One Bryant Park and Four Times Square on Tuesday night in Newhouse's honor.
“He was one of the smartest people I've ever met,” Durst said on Monday, adding, “and one of the quietest.” But his city-changing actions will speak loudly for decades to come.
scuozzo@nypost.com
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
A GoFund Me page has been set up for the...
The pissed-off papa who lunged at perv physician Larry Nassar said he doesn't want to kill the doc who violated his three daughters — but he would hurt the man.
Randall Margrave was taken into custody in the courtroom Friday when he rushed toward Nassar after asking the judge if he could have “five minutes in a locked room with this demon.”
“I did not think about wanting to kill him,” he told CBS News about the request. “But I did want to inflict some pain.”
Margrave insisted that the attention should not be focused on his efforts to seek revenge, but instead on the many young girls who suffered at the hands of Nassar.
“I am no hero,” he told the network. “My daughters are the heroes and all the other victims.”
In the interview, the dad reiterated what he told the judge about the dread of knowing he had handed his children to a monster.
“I ended up delivering, unknowingly, all three of my daughters to a demon that had his own personal sick twisted agenda,” he said.
Herders and large-scale farmers in parts of Kenya's Rift Valley are desperately waiting for seasonal rains to ease the prolonged drought and the current conflict over grazing land in which more than 30 people have died.
Kenya's military and police have been working for a month to disarm and drive the hundreds of herders and their animals out of ranches they've invaded, but their actions appear to have escalated the violence.
The Laikipia Ranchers' Association says when the military and police drive nomadic herders from one sprawling ranch they move into another ranch.
Politicians campaigning for positions in the August elections are inciting the herders to invade the ranches saying that it is their ancestral land, Martin Evans, the ranchers' association chairman said Monday.
“They are telling the people ‘the land is yours, take it,'” Evans said.
The invasions started late last year and the violence has increased with attempts to evict the herders from the Pokot, Maasai and Samburu communities. Last month British national and ranch owner Tristan Voorspuy was killed when he went to inspect damage done by the herders on one of his lodges. Lodges belonging to famed conservationist and author Italian-born Kuki Gallman were also burned by the herders. Gallman is known for her bestselling book “I Dreamed of Africa,” which became a movie by the same title starring Kim Bassinger.
The ranches, some of which double up as conservancies, were acquired in the 1990s and prevented local groups from being able to graze their cattle, said land expert Odenda Lumumba. More than half of the land available for farming in Laikipia, is private farmland, according to government statistics.
“Laikipia region has transformed from a basic pastoralist economy to a large-scale farming-touristic economy and ecology, but the people who preexisted in this space remained the same. These two do not exist in the same plane. All land users should be … assimilated into that economy to co-exist,” Lumumba said. The majority of the herding communities, who occupy the northern part of the country, have long been marginalized and do not have access to school, health facilities and security, he said.
Due to the lack of police deployment in their regions herders armed themselves with rifles from war-torn neighboring countries to protect themselves against rivals carrying out cattle raids, he said. The acquisition of rifles by the herders has made the cattle raids deadlier and recent attempts to disarm the herders have not succeeded in reducing the violence.
Where security measures have failed, seasonal rain may help.
Nearly half of the country has been affected by the drought which has been declared a national disaster, but Kenya's Metrological Department forecasts rain over most parts of the country this month. The rains should bring new grass and reduce the pressure for grazing land.
Henry Bailey, a land use consultant who has worked in Kenya for more than a decade, says the problem is that there is no sustainable use of grass in the areas the pastoralists occupy.
“If those areas are rehabilitated then it would provide a basis of a vibrant pastoralist economy,” he said. The government should help with the rehabilitation of the grass and create markets for the pastoralists to create a competitive business for their livestock, he said.
“When you provide business opportunities for people they are less interested to go out and commit a crime because they have a vested interest in the development,” he said.
As the immigration debate hit another low last week, I received the news that my favorite immigrant died: my father-in-law, Paul Gavora.
I don't want to politicize Paul's story too much, or really at all. For me, the man wasn't a talking point; he was a hero.
Still, one of the things about today's immigration debate that breaks my heart is how both sides have lost the plot. There are legitimate policy arguments on all sides, but the story of immigration is getting slaughtered in the crossfire.
Consider my father-in-law. Born Vladimir Gavora in 1931, in the then-Czechoslovakian (today just Slovakian) village of Brezova pod Bradlom, Vlad grew up fast. When he was 7, the Germans invaded. When he was 13, his father died. The same year, the Red Army moved in. He saw things then he didn't like to talk about. In 10th grade, he was expelled for questioning Communist doctrine in class. In his day, it was the teachers who were snowflakes.
Expulsion slammed a door on any future he might have had at home. So in 1948, he swam the Danube by moonlight to escape the Communists. He made it to an Austrian refugee camp, where they sent him to Germany to finish high school. Colorado State University offered him a scholarship. To get there, he signed on as a hand on a United Nations refugee ship. During a storm of biblical proportions, he was tasked with preventing panicking passengers from rushing to the top deck for air. He was tied to the railing and given a billy club to beat the passengers back — for their own good.
In college, he changed his name to Paul and met his saintly wife, Donna. He soon transferred to the University of Chicago, where he worked as a milkman while pursuing a joint bachelor's-master's degree under Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman. When he heard about a teaching job at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, he and a pregnant Donna packed their three young children in a car and drove north and west.
Alas, when he got to still-territorial Alaska, the job fell through. So he returned to his vocation as a milkman.
Eventually, he scrimped and borrowed enough money to open a small grocery store of his own in Fairbanks. Then he opened another. Eventually he had seven supermarkets, Fairbanks' first shopping mall and a wholesale food business that supplied native villages and the Russian far east alike. He also had nine children and invested his time, money and love into his community.
Opinions will differ about the takeaway of Paul's story. For me, one of the most important things is not that he got rich. It's that the United States gave him a shot to carve out the life that he wanted — and he remained grateful for the opportunity his whole life.
Peter Schramm, another immigrant, and a scholar and friend (who passed away not long ago) often told the story of his family's escape from Hungary after the failed 1958 uprising. “We are going to America,” Peter's father told him.
“Why America?” Peter prodded.
“Because, son. We were born Americans but in the wrong place.”
Today the conversation about immigration is so toxic in part because we poisonously disagree about what it means to be an American. Thanks to the identity politics of the left and the right, immigrants are increasingly cast either as imported victims ready-made to join the Coalition of the Oppressed or invading “takers,” “rapists” and even “animals.” If White House adviser Stephen Miller has his way, the children of immigrants would be seen as a terrorism threat, which might explain why the Trump administration is snatching babies from their mothers at the border.
Of course there's a kernel of truth to both sides' awful shouting points on immigrants, but they crowd out the greater truth: Most immigrants, even those who are in the country illegally, aren't animalistic members of MS-13, nor are they eager to be props for the latest campus debate about intersectionality. Neither victims nor villains, they are human beings desperate to make the most of the American dream as they see it.
That's the immigration story in America: people leaving — or fleeing — the places of their birth for the freedom to try their best. No party owns that story. But each can abandon it.
Several All Blacks players paid a special visit to children and their whānau at Starship Hospital in Auckland.
The members were invited by ASB to help celebrate the 2017 DHL New Zealand Lions Series. The Starship Foundation is the official charity of the series.
The All Blacks visited wards, played coin rugby and connect four with children and passed around the ASB donation ball.
ASB head of community and sponsorship Mark Graham says ASB was delighted to bring 10 All Blacks to Starship on Wednesday.
“We're thrilled to celebrate our 25-year partnership with the Starship Foundation this year by being involved in the Lions series together.
The visit was all about bringing the tour to Starship children and their families. It was a fun morning and great to see the delight on kids' faces as they played games with the All Blacks,” Mr Graham says.
The All Blacks who visited Starship were: Joe Locke, Ryan Crotty, Israel Dagg, Owen Franks, Jack Goodhue, Ngani Laumape, Liam Squire, Codie Taylor, Matt Todd, Ofa Tu'ungafasi and Aaron Smith.
Men have been urged to spice up sex with their long-term partner by strapping on a virtual reality helmet during sex.
A production firm called “VR Bangers” has launched an online campaign aimed at persuading men to use virtual reality to fool themselves into thinking they are sleeping with a porn star.
“Face it, no matter how much you love your wife, having sex with the same person for the millionth time isn't going to be as much fun as it was the first time she said ‘yes,'” a spokesman for the firm wrote.
“That's where virtual reality and the VR Bangers website can help.”
In a video titled “Cheating on Your Wife in VR,” VR Bangers advises men to wear a headset during sex to give the illusion of infidelity while maintaining “the monogamy that your wife still believes is essential to your eternal salvation.”
“Having your wife on top of you while seeing her as one of the amazing porn stars on VR Bangers during real-time erotic activities gives you all the thrills of being with another woman,” the spokesman added.
However, VR Bangers boss Daniel Abramovich noted a flaw in the plan: Women may not be too happy about getting intimate with a man who's willing to wear a VR headset while enjoying the act of physical love.
He said: “I'm not sure how many wives will be willing to try this kind of roleplay, but I can tell you that almost anything that gets the conversation started is good for your marriage, and good for the adult VR business in the long run.”
Here's what happened when one woman found her man enjoying a solo moment with his sex helmet.
We'll leave it up to you to decide whether VR is a marital aid or grounds for divorce.
LAS VEGAS – While Mike D'Antoni gets all the credit for being a pioneer of the modern offensive trend of pace-and-space, position-less basketball, new Knicks coach David Fizdale likes to think he had a share in moving it toward the mainstream.
As a Heat assistant coach under Erik Spoelstra, Fizdale lobbied to change up things after the Miami Dream Team was formed with LeBron James-Dwyane Wade-Chris Bosh in 2010.
Fizdale thought they could add wrinkles to the standard Spoelstra/Pat Riley moderately paced offense.
“It was always something that I used to beat over Spo's head,” Fizdale said after the Knicks' first summer-league practice Tuesday. “But change is always difficult when you've done things a certain way for so long. We really had a good system in Miami that we had built, but all of a sudden we got all of these guys who were so skilled and multifaceted. That's when I finally got through to him, ‘Come on man, let's just try it.”'
The Heat advanced to four straight Finals and two titles with Fizdale's wrinkles. That's one reason he became such a hot commodity and Memphis hired him as head coach in 2016-17, though a case could be made the Grizzlies' traditional big-man heavy, low-post accented roster wasn't tailor-made for him.
Finally, Spoelstra recognized the allure of not being so reliant on set positions.
“(Spoelstra) broke on me and he opened up the offense where our fives (centers) would bring it up,” Fizdale said.
“Chris Bosh would take it off the glass and push it. Our best post-up players was our two wings (Wade and James), so we started figuring out, wait a minute, we can't just call these guys a wing, a big — whatever the situation calls for, if you can do it, that's what you become.
“So if you rebound it, you're the point guard. If you're the first guy down, you're the big man. We we started screwing it up in Miami and getting it right and screwing it up and tinkering with it to a point where we felt like we built something pretty good from a position-less standpoint.”
And now he's trying to lay this philosophy on the new young Knicks. Selecting 6-foot-9 Kevin Knox, a new-age prototype combo forward, was partly on Fizdale's urging. Adding in free agency another combo forward in Mario Hezonja, Fizdale indicated, also fit that mold, even though Knicks GM Scott Perry is very aware of the underachieving Hezonja's flaws from their Orlando days.
Meanwhile, had traditional center Enes Kanter opted out, the Knicks had no interest in trying to re-sign him, but he opted back in. Fizdale, instead, is trying to change Kanter's game to become a competent 3-point shooter.
To make Fizdale's system work best, the coach said, you need the right type of players.
“It's who you put on your roster, obviously,” Fizdale said. “There are levels to position-less, and it's how many guys on the floor can play that way. But if you got a big and it's not someone you want bringing it up, then he doesn't bring it up. He outlets it to the one. You have to have some flexibility in it.
see also Breaking down the Knicks' enticing summer league roster Here's a deeper look at the players on the Knicks'...
“But how many guys can we accumulate and put on the floor that I don't have to say: “You're a point guard, you're a two-guard, you're a three, you're a four and you can just go play. It really gives your team a very dynamic offense and also defense.”
As such, expect the experiment of Frank Ntilikina to play both guard positions this season, perhaps not as much in summer-league, though.
On the first session, Fizdale went though the ins and outs of the offense with a “detailed teaching session, saving the hard scrimmaging for the night session Tuesday. On July 4, Fizdale planned just one practice.
“Just trying to institute the system — get in the basics of the offense and the defense so everybody is comfortable with what we're doing,” Fizdale said.
“Offensively, it's a free-flowing, all-inclusive offense, an offense where everyone feels involved. Spacing is critical to it. Pace is critical to it. Ball movement is critical to it. Defensively, I like to get up and pressure. Obviously switching is a big part of that. But also I'd like for our bigs to do multiple things.”
The use of the Curragh to house motorvan tourists should be considered by Horse Racing Ireland.
That was just one of the topics raised when Horse Racing Ireland chief, Brian Kavanagh, addressed Kildare County Council's monthly meeting on Monday, September 25.
Mr Kavanagh, whose organisation has 179 staff outlined the state of equine play mostly as it related to Kildare. “If anything goes wrong it ends up on my desk in some shape or other,” he said.
He briefly outlined the state of the industry and how it accounts for 28,900 full-time equivalent jobs.
He spoke of new redevelopment work at the Curragh, now 35% owned by the State through HRI, at Naas and Punchestown.
Mr Kavanagh also addressed plans to digitise 250 years of horse racing and horse breeding records.
It is one of the few areas where detailed records go back 250 years, he said.
He outlines the concerns of Brexit for the horseracing industry, as a huge proportion of Irish horse related exports got to Britian. “It is not only the sport for rich people but a source of livelihood for 28,000 people,” he said.
A threat from tariffs remains a possibility.
Cllr Padraig McEvoy suggested that visitors from Northern Ireland could be provided with motorvan stopovers on their travels to the south west of Ireland at the Curragh.
Cllr Seamie Moore said there was an opportunity for HRI to anchor tourism in County Kildare.
Cllr Sean Power said there was a perception that regular racegoers were older men, and attendances at midweek races was falling dramatically.
Mr Kavanagh also fielded questions on stable staff.
Cllr Joanne Pender said stable staff experienced “long hours and low pay” and raised the question of prize money being withheld from them.
Mr Kavanagh said that not all is perfect in the industry but that prize money for staff was going into pensions.
He said he would take up any issues which were raised.
Cllr Daragh Fitzpatrick suggested a horse museum for the Curragh. Mayor, Martin Miley, said: “The Curragh is our Croke Park.”
The shortlist has been revealed for the prestigious NatWest Player of the Championship featuring four Ireland players, one Italian player and one French player.
Of the four Irish, two are from Limerick, with Conor Murray and Keith Earls both on the shortlist following Ireland's Grand Slam win last weekend in Twickenham. The Limerick men are joined on the six player shortlist by Jonathan Sexton and Jacob Stockdale from Ireland, while Matteo Minozzi of Italy and Guilhem Guirado France make up the list.
The voting, which is a public poll, closes on Tuesday March 20 at midnight, so get voting for Limerick's decorated stars.
To vote, just click here.
2018 NatWest Player of the Championship Shortlist:
Jonathan Sexton
Conor Murray
Jacob Stockdale
Matteo Minozzi
Guilhem Guirado
Keith Earls
The selection panel involved members of the media from the Six Nations, while Opta provided the stats to help the decision making process.
2018 NatWest Player of the Championship Media Panel:
Renaud Bourel (L'Equipe)
Mick Cleary (The Daily Telegraph)
Michael Corcoran (RTE Radio)
Ross Harries (BBC Wales)
Matthieu Lartot (France TV)
Lee McKenzie (BBC)
Sarah Mockford (Rugby World)
Andy Nicol (Scottish Daily Mail)
Mark Palmer (The Sunday Times Scotland)
Antonio Raimondi (DMAX)
Simon Thomas (Wales Online)
Gerry Thornley (The Irish Times)
Francesco Volpe (Corriere dello Sport)
Justin Timberlake answers questions during a news conference for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game halftime show Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, in Minneapolis. Morry Gash AP
Ohio House members have been directed to return to Columbus next week to resolve a leadership fight one way or another, which would likely mean that Highland County Commissioner Shane Wilkin will be sworn into office once that dispute is settled.
The Associated Press reported that state Rep. Kirk Schuring presented lawmakers with two options for resolving an impasse that's brought law-making to a halt. The Republican became temporary speaker, or speaker pro tem, when Republican Speaker Cliff Rosenberger resigned last month amid an FBI investigation.
Schuring gave lawmakers the option to vote on two existing candidates to succeed Rosenberger. Those are House Finance Chairman Ryan Smith, of Gallia County, and state Rep. Andy Thompson, of Marietta. Or they can vote to change the rules so Schuring can serve as speaker for the remainder of the year.
Schuring has given Republican and Democratic lawmakers until Friday to tell him which option they want to pursue. Whichever gets the most support will proceed June 6.
“I'm hoping every member of the House wants to get back to business as usual and that's what this is intended to allow,” Schuring said in a phone interview with the AP.
That appeared to be the case among a contingent of eight Smith-supporting Republicans who called a news conference to urge Schuring to call the speaker vote.
State Rep. Craig Riedel, of Defiance, said he and other lawmakers faced pressure from constituents over the Memorial Day weekend to be proactive in getting the House back to work. Riedel said Smith has “the vast, vast majority” of the GOP caucus behind him.
“I want that to be clear and crystal to everybody. I want you to understand that we want to get back to work. We're waiting on the Speaker Pro Tem to have the House floor vote. Let's let the chips fall where the chips fall.”
State Rep. Kyle Koehler, of Springfield, said he didn't favor an interim speaker option that could taint legislative business for the rest of the year.
“I do not want legislation that we're going to pass in the next seven months to have an asterisk next to it,” he said. “It needs to be just as valid as the laws we passed a year ago or laws we pass a year from now.”
Before the April primary, House Republicans agreed to immediately seat the winner of the primary between Wilkin and Clinton County businesswoman Beth Ellis to finish Rosenberger's unexpired term as state representative from the 91st Ohio House District.
Wilkin won the GOP primary and even traveled to Columbus to be sworn in. But the failure by House Republicans to agree on a new leader put those plans on hold.
Wilkin said Wednesday he continues following the developments in Columbus. He will face Democratic candidate Justin Grimes in November, with the winner beginning a full term in January.
Schuring https://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/05/web1_Schuring-3-1-1.jpg Schuring
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Lin-Manuel Miranda has family in Puerto Rico
A group of music stars have come together to create a song in aid of relief efforts for the hurricane-battered island of Puerto Rico.
Almost Like Praying has been written by Lin-Manuel Miranda, musical creator of the hit Broadway show Hamilton.
Stars who have taken part include Gloria Estefan, Rita Moreno, Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony.
Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico with high winds and heavy rain and much of the island remains without power.
Mr Miranda's parents are from the US territory. He said the song's inspiration came from his own efforts to contact loved ones after the storm, and also by the slow pace of relief efforts.
"I thought I could work all 78 towns in Puerto Rico into the lyrics of this song and if we did our job right, these towns will never be forgotten again," he told Billboard magazine.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Thousands of people in Puerto Rico lost their homes to Hurricane Maria
Almost Like Praying mixes Spanish and English lyrics and takes its tune from elements of the song Maria from the hit musical West Side Story. A video of the recording has been released on YouTube.
Mr Miranda has been a strong critic of the US government's relief efforts.
"I think it's been well documented that it's been slow and it's been insufficient, commensurate to the challenge ahead," he told Billboard.
All proceeds from the song will go to the Hispanic Federation's Unidos Disaster Relief Fund for Puerto Rico.
French far right candidate Marine Le Pen is promising a freeze on long-term visas as soon as she takes office, followed by a tax on any company that hires foreign workers.
Ahead of Sunday's first-round election, Le Pen told RTL radio on Tuesday she would issue an order to immediately stop issuing long-term visas so the government can verify that they are not taking jobs away from French citizens.
Le Pen, who has campaigned against immigration and Europe's open borders, also wants to impose a 10 percent tax on labor contracts that go to foreigners and seize back control of France's borders.
Polls show Le Pen is among four leading French candidates, with no clear front-runner. The top two candidates advance to a May 7 runoff.
On the front end of thirty years, a painting career of this length seems unimaginable. On the back end, it seems a wise decision. It's hard to truly put into words just how wonderful a life of painting has been. It is as if a doctor prescribed a life and lifestyle right at a time in a life where change was deeply needed. Along with this prescription came a wonderful wife and business partner, great friends, a nestled community and a wonderful sense of place. The Piedmont has inspired me to no end, and while I have certainly painted other areas, “the box”, as I lovingly refer to it, has been the spine of my landscape portfolio. The box refers to the area north of I-66, south of Snickersville Turnpike, west of Rt.15, and east of Rt.17. Like pitching a stone into a pond, the ripples dissipating outwards fairly quickly.
It was complete serendipity that brought me to Middleburg in 1988. Actually, to the small, largely unchanged village of Rectortown. In 1987, after moving back from California to my home state of Maryland, I attempted to go to an art show at Leesburg Gallery of Art. Turns out I didn't make it but followed through by eventually visiting the gallery and meeting the owner Linda. A transplant from Fort Collins, Colorado, Linda had founded Leesburg's first art gallery. Her move to Virginia had been motivated by horses and she had left behind fifteen years of tech management to fulfill that lifestyle and open her art gallery. My move back to Maryland was similar, but I had left more than a decade-long automotive career, was somewhat burnt out and in search of my creative core. We were two peas in a pod and we hit it off quickly.
I was painting as a hobby then, fully intent on it becoming a career, but Linda was the one who first represented my work. There was also a deeper relationship brewing with my wife to be. So instead of making the frequent White's Ferry crossings over the Potomac River, I moved to Virginia, somehow missing Leesburg and happily ending up in Rectortown. I wish I could recall how exactly I found my way to Bob and Betty Morf's small but delightful tenant home for rent, but it was supposed to be. Places are important, the people of places are even more so. The Morfs were like getting dear friends, parents, and grandparents all at once. They were both so down to earth, smart beyond measure, wonderfully worldly, yet as kind as any two people could be. I miss them both to this day.
Stories are important and my landscape paintings have told the story of my sense of place, surrounded by scenic seasonal beauty and the peacefulness of rural life. I was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up in the nearby Maryland suburbs. The only other places I had lived was Atlanta for a short time as a child and two times in LA during the 70's and 80's. Rectortown was not like any of those places. It captivated me at a time when a needing to be captivated was high on my list. It wasn't as though I hadn't spent time in the country, I had. But living in the country and visiting it are two very different things. Frankly, I can even say that painting the countryside you live in is different than visiting the countryside you wish to paint. You are a product of each other. The Piedmont has been transformative to me as a person, a painter, and a writer. I left LA a ball of stress, arriving back in Maryland at a transitional period in my life. I also grew up in a dysfunctional home with parents that divorced back when such a thing was rarely done. Art and creativity was my savior then. In a sense, it saved my young life and has been with me ever since. But it was once again shining brightly as an absolute focal point. A non-glaring one. More like a bright star, easy to guide yourself by and I followed it to where I am today.
My business background was instrumental in my success. Also, losing my father nine years prior when I was 24, had taught me two valuable lessons. First, life can be short, and second, it's up to you to set your compass. I had already done so much with my life until this point that making a living as an artist did not seem like an unclimbable mountain. The summit was in sight, one foot in front of another, be the best you can be, and care about your customers. A simple but well-proven formula. One thing I didn't need was motivation. Linda though, cannot go unmentioned here. Smart as a whip, she's a master at details and details really count.
In my 30 years, I have painted my way through three recessions including the big one, four government shutdowns, five Presidents, eight US conflicts. Oh, and at least twenty major inventions such as the digital camera, flat panel TV, the smartphone and seedless watermelon! When I started no one had a website, email or texting. There were social occasions, but no social media. There was shopping, but not online. Middleburg was different too. The Coach Stop, B&A Grocery, Dominion Saddlery, Devonshire, The Finicky Filly, and Mosby's Tavern are just memories now.
So there has been change, some less than perfect, some really good. Thirty years ago, The Hill School was a fraction of its size and you could count area vineyards on one hand. Today Hill is more than a school, it's a community treasure, and there are more than a handful of wineries between Middleburg and Aldie alone. It's a bustling industry. I can remember when the only way or reason people living to the east made their way west onto Middleburg farms was for the Garden and Stable tours. Today, they are here every day of the week. The once homegrown Christmas Parade was a small town thing. Today it's a regional powerhouse event. Then there's Salamander Resort, once a controversy, today an economic contributor. In my motorcycling travels throughout the state, I have seen small towns still devastated by the last recession and struggling to stay alive. They would drool to have the vibrancy and health of Middleburg. Still, growth is a balancing act and how we shop is ever changing.
As an artist, times have changed too. I can remember when I first arrived, Middleburg was the hotbed for sporting art and the two popular contemporary artist names I most recall was Lloyd Kelly and Wally Noll. Me now among them, I went through changing artistic styles. Once much more nationally known for my Whimsical Realism paintings, I refocused my attention on mostly Piedmont landscape paintings and a variety of commissioned subject matter including automotive, equine, aviation, animals and so much more. In town, there's little question that the mural done for Salamander's Gold Cup Wine Bar would be most notable. But then there is also the many creative collaborative projects with renowned chef and Inn at Little Washington Owner, Patrick O'Connell. Painting both his 30th and 40th-anniversary paintings for me is only topped by the miniature Inn treat box I did for him which is given to each dinner guest. My now 12-year relationship with Creighton Farms, 8 of which have been as artist-in-residence, has brought Linda and me cherished relationships, Jack and Barbara Nicklaus among them.
In 2009 Linda and I opened Live An Artful Life Gallery in The Plains. I remember some family and friends asking if we were crazy? After all, we were in the middle of the worse economic recession since the depression. Our thinking was it always makes more sense to open at the bottom and work your way out of it than to open up heading into one. The pendulum always swings. Our plan was to do retail one last time for no more than 10 years. We did it for almost 8. When we closed the gallery it was kind of funny, because half the people asked me what I was going to without the gallery? I told them, the same thing I did for the 21 years before having it! The other half thought I retired! Not true. I'm certainly not retired. An investment guy asked me once, when do you plan to retire? “Retire?”, I said, “I do for a living what most people do after they retire!” And so life goes. I must admit, I am writing as much or more than painting these days. Live An Artful Life lives on as a creative inspirational website. It's a place, along with my blog and Middleburg Eccentric column The Artist's Perspective, to share what I've learned with others.
So 30 years in, I can share that I've never really been an award seeker. While I've judged many shows, I've never placed any real importance on awards with respect to my success as an artist. It actually may surprise some of you that I've honestly never won an award for my art of any kind. I have though, been awarded something better, incredible clients! My proudest moments have been working with customers, many of which have become dear friends. When I look back on being commissioned to paint for a couple celebrating their 45th wedding anniversary, or a 50th-year retirement gift, or a new couple's very first piece of art, I am nothing short of honored. It is an amazing feeling to be part of something so special, and it for me, personally surpasses possessing a ribbon by miles. Customer service and wonderful relationships have meant as much to me as the art I create itself. I'm lucky to live an artful life! I must honestly close by thanking this community for its support and The Piedmont for continuing to be a constant source of inspiration.
For more information please visit ThomasNeel.com
Sage Steele is coming off the road.
Just weeks after the veteran ESPN anchor lost her full-time hosting gig on “NBA Countdown,” Steele is returning to Bristol to be a morning anchor of “SportsCenter” — and more surprisingly, she's rumored to be the sidekick on a new TV show hosted by Mike Greenberg, Sporting News reported.
The move comes as a surprise after ESPN seemed to be reducing Steele's role — she was replaced by Michelle Beadle as the full-time host on “NBA Countdown” — but it now seems apparent ESPN was merely shifting its roster around.
Steele, who joined the Worldwide Leader in 2007, may have beaten out a laundry list of rumored candidates for the second spot on Greenberg's new show, including Fox Sports superstar Katie Nolan, whom ESPN tried luring away from the network and her show, “Garbage Time,” earlier this year.
Greenberg's new morning show spells the end as we know it of “Mike & Mike,” the 18-year morning radio show and simulcast featuring Greenberg and Mike Golic. ESPN announced it would be retooling the long-running program back in January. Greenberg's new show is expected to contain pieces of “SportsCenter” while remaining a traditional morning talk show, Sports Illustrated reported.
“Mike & Mike” is expected to continue running as a radio-only program — perhaps a new name will be in order — with Golic teaming up with longtime ESPN anchor Trey Wingo.
Greenberg recently said he regrets how the news of his breakup with Golic was handled.
“My one regret in all this is if we do break up — and that's certainly a very real possibility, I'm not denying that at all — I would have really liked the first place our audience heard about that to have been from us,” Greenberg said in an interview with Sporting News in March. “Obviously, that's not a possibility anymore.”
Steele, 44, has been involved in various controversies recently, from beefing with ESPN radio host Dan Le Batard in January, when she criticized protesters of President Trump's travel ban for bothering her commute, to shaming Bucs wide receiver Mike Evans for kneeling during the national anthem.
Guns N' Roses 'multibrand retail experience' marks end of rock The ailing art form had honestly been looking a bit iffy since the Green Day musical.
Pretty unusual: Axl Rose and Tom Jones' party gets busted up Two council noise officers arrived to try to call time at about 4:30 a.m. after complaints from neighbors.
Guns N' Roses chow down on pizza with scantily clad models Spies said that at about 1 a.m., the band and 200 guests pulled up to the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in tour buses.
A look at what's happening around baseball today:
TEST OF THE CHAMPION
After wrapping up a series at Yankee Stadium on Wednesday night, Jose Altuve and the World Series champion Astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. Including a four-game series at Cleveland last weekend, that makes three straight foes for Houston that participated in last year's post-season. Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game set against Red Sox lefty Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
BACK ON THE MOUND
Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the Philadelphia Phillies. The three-time NL Cy Young Award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left biceps tendinitis. He is 1-4 with a 2.86 ERA this season. Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27 ERA) pitches for the Phillies.
BEASTS OF THE NL EAST
The Nationals and Braves, in a tight race with the Phillies for the top spot in the NL East, begin a four-game series in Atlanta. Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) starts for Washington against Atlanta's Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA).
'ROCK BOTTOM' IN QUEENS
Entering Wednesday night, the New York Mets have been reeling, and first-year manager Mickey Callaway is looking for a way out. Almost nothing has gone right since New York won its fourth straight game on May 21. The Mets are 16-25 since starting the season 11-1. Though the Mets did earn a split of their series in Atlanta with a 4-1 win on Wednesday. "We've hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to come out of it," Callaway said before the game. New York has 11 players on the disabled list, including sluggers Yoenis Cespedes and Todd Frazier, reliever Anthony Swarzak and catcher Travis d'Arnaud.
STILL NOT MILLER TIME
By Hayden Wright
Yesterday, Maroon 5 revealed the tracklist and roster of collaborators on Red Pill Blues, their sixth studio album which drops November 3. Today, fans can hear “Help Me Out” featuring Julia Michaels.
Related: Maroon 5 Reveal ‘Red Pill Blues' Tracklist & Special Guests
The “Issues” singer duets with Adam Levine on the track, which focuses on two people helping one another overcome life's challenges.
“I'm getting kinda over this/ I need a metamorphosis /Are you as weak as me? /If not, do you wanna be?” Levine sings. “I need some temporary saving / I need some, some uncomplicated…”
The singers duet over a spare, electronic soundscape that's both moody and upbeat—and Michaels' voice is an excellent complement to Levine's. “Help Me Out” follows “What Lovers Do,” Maroon 5's collaboration with SZA that debuted last month.
Listen to “Help Me Out” here:
Three years later and Cliff Avril is still wondering, “What if?” The former Seahawks defensive end is still haunted by Pete Carroll's decision to throw the ball at the goal...
SEATTLE — When it left his foot, Blair Walsh thought his potential tying kick was good and the Seattle Seahawks were headed to overtime with the chance to erase a...
Image copyright Muriel Diaz Image caption Mrs Diaz on the rooftop of the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital, where she trained as a nurse
Ninety-year-old Muriel Diaz was born to help people. She dedicated almost 20 years of her life working as a nurse in a South American jungle and another 20 patching up clothes for a Ceredigion charity shop.
Born and raised in Shrewsbury, Mrs Diaz studied music and art before teaching at a school in Somerset for 10 years and later training as a nurse and midwife at the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital and Southmead Hospital in Bristol.
From a young age, she said she felt a call to do missionary work, but was not sure where until "Peru came to her vividly in a dream one night".
"I didn't even know where it was," she said, "but off I went".
It was there where she would meet her husband of almost 50 years, Alberto.
"I met him two weeks after arriving, but I didn't take much notice as I couldn't speak Spanish," said Mrs Diaz. "I didn't meet him again until about five years later."
Then fluent in Spanish, Mrs Diaz married Alberto in 1969 and was welcomed into his family. The couple made their home on the Peruvian coast, at the foot of the Andes mountains.
Image caption Mrs Diaz and her husband Alberto lived in Peru for 32 years before moving to the UK
With Mr Diaz in his electrical shop, she spent six weeks of the year working as a nurse in a jungle clinic, relieving the nurse who spent the rest of the year there.
She said it was quite a trek to get there, and she had to be flown over the mountains and travel by 4x4 into the heart of the jungle to reach the colony.
"It was an interesting time," said Mrs Diaz. "It could be hair-raising as I was the only nurse. There was no doctor and the nearest hospital was 90 miles away."
She said the colony was "really lovely" and apart from the occasional snake, she felt safe living in a wooden bungalow on stilts.
"I remember one of my American friends, who was teaching in the school, went to get on her bicycle and there was a snake coiled around the handle bars," she said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mrs Diaz lived with her husband near the Andes mountains in Peru
"She grabbed it by the tail and flung it away. I would have had a fit if that was me."
She said there were larger predators like tigers, but they would not come near the colony.
Mrs Diaz could not recall how many babies she delivered, but remembered treating "the odd snake bite".
"When I had a difficult case I would read up about it beforehand, so when they came to me I knew what to do," she added.
"It was a matter of working out how much medicine to give them."
Mrs Diaz returned to the jungle every year for 18 years, but she and Mr Diaz left their home in Peru after 32 years as the threat of terrorism escalated.
Image caption Mrs Diaz has volunteered at the Barnado's shop in Cardigan for 20 years
Image caption Barnardo's volunteers Mrs Diaz, Valerie Clack and Ayela Ward
The couple came to the UK in 1995, moving to Penparc just outside of Cardigan. Mrs Diaz said a friend who she had nursed with had offered them a holiday home.
After settling into west Wales life, Mrs Diaz was asked if she would like to volunteer in Cardigan's Barnardo's charity shop.
Twenty years on, she is still involved and goes along every Thursday to repair donated clothes.
"I really enjoy it," she said. "It seems such a shame if a good quality garment gets thrown in a black bag because a hem is down or a button is missing.
"If I can make it good again and raise money for Barnardo's services then I know I've done something worthwhile."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mrs Diaz said she "isn't a great sewer, but can stick on buttons, do a hem and fix a zip"
Mr and Mrs Diaz have made several trips back to Peru since they moved to the UK, and hope to continue to travel to see their friends and relatives.
When she is not volunteering, Mrs Diaz said she enjoyed landscape painting and learning Welsh. She said she was looking forward to helping the charity shop celebrate its 30th birthday on Monday.
Shop manager Gill Coombs said: "Muriel is amazing, she's been volunteering with us for 20 years and still comes in once a week to do sewing for us".
"We are lucky to have 17 wonderful volunteers. Lots of people in the town have a connection to Barnardo's and working here is really rewarding, even if it's just for a couple of hours each week," she added.
Once a critic of high-frequency traders, now he works for them That was fast, even for high-frequency trading. Bart Chilton, once a government regulator and prominent critic of the nearly speed-of-light HFT crowd, is now advising industry boosters that deny they...
CFTC's Bart Chilton to step down Maybe it's the agency that's not such a hot commodity. Outspoken Wall Street critic Bart Chilton is leaving the Commodity Futures Trading Commission at the end of the year, marking...
Image caption Sheku Kanneh-Mason was the first black winner of the BBC Young Musician in 2016
Teenage cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason has been selected to play at the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.
The 19-year-old from Nottingham made history in 2016 when he became the first black winner of the BBC Young Musician competition.
Kensington Palace tweeted Prince Harry had seen Sheku play at a charity concert in London.
In response, Sheku said he was "excited and honoured" and was "bowled over" when Ms Markle rang him up to ask.
After winning Young Musician, Sheku recorded an album of classical pieces and arrangements of modern songs.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sheku's album made it to number one in the classical chart
Last year it made number one in the classical chart and 18 in the main chart, making him the youngest ever cellist to feature in the countdown.
He also donated £3,000 to his old school, Trinity Catholic School in Nottingham, to make sure cello teaching could continue there.
Kensington Palace confirmed the invitation in a tweet, saying Harry had seen Sheku play at an event in support of the Antiguan charity the Halo Foundation.
Sheku replied: "I was bowled over when Ms Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony and of course I immediately said yes!!! What a privilege. I can't wait!"
Skip Twitter post by @ShekuKM I'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding. I was bowled over when Ms Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes!!! What a privilege. I can't wait! https://t.co/TU0lyKloCD — Sheku Kanneh-Mason (@ShekuKM) April 24, 2018 Report
Harry, 33, and Ms Markle, 36, will tie the knot at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle on 19 May, with a reception at the castle afterwards.
Mayor Bill de Blasio has long claimed he didn't dole out favors to his top donors — but financial records from his 2013 campaign show otherwise.
Nearly two-thirds of the “bundlers” who raised more than $1.5 million to help put de Blasio in office later got special treatment from City Hall, a Post analysis shows.
The list includes 23 big-bucks donors who got appointed to municipal boards and committees, eight developers who benefited from government actions or policy changes, six political allies put on the city payroll and five business owners who scored lucrative contracts.
In all, 67 of de Blasio's 102 bundlers reaped rewards after pouring cash into his political war chest or raising money for his transition effort and inauguration ceremonies, records show.
Meanwhile, the 35 who don't appear to have gotten official favors mostly contributed $10,000 or less each — and include at least five people who have had run-ins with the law.
In March, de Blasio was spared criminal charges following lengthy federal and state investigations into his fundraising efforts, although Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. said some of the mayor's actions appeared to violate “the intent and spirit” of the law.
Nearly a year ago, the mayor pledged to identify the “stunning numbers of donors and supporters” who got nothing for their money, but he never produced any names.
And last month, the mayor walked back that promise and instead said he would “give examples,” possibly “in the form of an op-ed” column that has yet to appear in print.
De Blasio faces largely token opposition for the Democratic nomination for re-election in November and a Republican field that includes first-time candidate Paul Massey and Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis (SI).
Four of de Blasio's top 10 bundlers in 2013 were lobbyists or advocates for the taxi industry, records show.
The top donor, taxi-industry lobbyist Michael Woloz, showered de Blasio with $236,415 — then got private meetings with the mayor and a City Hall plan to limit the expansion of Uber and other app-based ride-hailing companies.
De Blasio abandoned the plan in January 2016, but earlier this year the Taxi and Limousine Commission imposed a regulation forcing the businesses to turn over trip data so the city can track tired drivers.
The husband of the mayor's No. 2 bundler, Broadway Stages CEO Gina Argento, claimed in February that she was pressured into donating, saying she feared her film and TV production company would be denied permits to film on city streets. De Blasio has denied the accusation.
De Blasio's cousin, John Wilhelm, was his No. 3 bundler, and the UNITE HERE hotel workers union he co-founded benefited from the mayor's crackdown on illegal apartment rentals through Airbnb.
The No. 4 bundler, lawyer Jay Eisenhofer, was appointed to several committees controlled by the mayor, as was bundler and lawyer Richard Emery, who was made chair of the Civilian Complaint Review Board.
Emery quit that post last year, a day after the CCRB's executive director filed a suit alleging that Emery called her and a colleague “pussies.” Emery had made more than $140,000 over two years in the part-time job.
Charles Hocking, de Blasio's No. 7 bundler, has seen his engineering consulting firm, Hazen and Sawyer, score more than $146 million in city contracts since the mayor took office.
The No. 10 bundler, Anthony Bonomo, got a private meeting with de Blasio and was appointed to the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City, a nonprofit that last year doled out more than $27 million raised from major corporations and charitable foundations.
Bonomo, who was a star government witness against corrupt former Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos, was largely sidelined as CEO of Physicians' Reciprocal Insurers, the state's second-largest malpractice insurer, according to a January report by the Albany Times Union.
Dick Dadey, head of the watchdog group Citizens Union, said that while it wasn't against the law for de Blasio to assist his bundlers and other supporters — unless he engaged in an illegal quid pro quo — “they shouldn't have any more access to him than the average New Yorker.”
“This is the unfortunate underbelly of our political system in New York,” Dadey said.
De Blasio's campaign committee referred questions to the mayor's office, which did not return messages.
Additional reporting by Bruce Golding
CALGARY — Sean Monahan scored the winner 59 seconds into overtime Saturday night as the Calgary Flames snapped a six-game winless skid with a 4-3 victory over the Chicago Blackhawks.
On an odd-man rush, TJ Brodie dropped the pass into the slot for Monahan, who made no mistake burying his team-leading 24th of the season past Jeff Glass on the blocker side.
Matt Stajan, Johnny Gaudreau and Michael Frolik also scored for Calgary (26-18-8). The two sides meet again on Tuesday in Chicago as the Flames open a six-game road trip.
Nick Schmaltz, Vinnie Hinostroza and Anthony Duclair scored for Chicago (24-20-8). The Blackhawks wrapped up their four-game road trip with a 2-1-1 mark.
Down 3-2, Calgary tied it at 9:50 of third period when Frolik fired a wrist shot past Glass after a pretty set-up by Mikael Backlund.
It was the first goal since Dec. 20 for the veteran Czech, who returned two games ago from a broken jaw that had sidelined him for 12 games.
Chicago broke a 2-2 tie at 14:13 of the second on Duclair's second goal since joining the Blackhawks in a trade with Arizona. Brodie bobbled the puck at the offensive blue line enabling Duclair to race away on a breakaway, beating Mike Smith on the blocker side.
Trailing 2-0, Calgary got back to even on second-period goals from Stajan and Gaudreau.
Getting the Flames on the scoreboard at 5:56 was the suddenly-hot Stajan. Sprung on a breakaway by an alert pass from Travis Hamonic, the veteran put a shot inside the post on Glass for his second goal in as many games and third in the last eight games. Stajan had just one assist in the season's first 34 games.
Just over five minutes later, Calgary pulled even when Gaudreau one-timed Micheal Ferland's pass behind Glass for his 16th goal.
The Blackhawks took a 2-0 lead 1:53 into the second period on a power-play goal by Hinostroza.
Set up neatly on a pass through the slot by Patrick Kane, it was the second such set-up for the talented Chicago right winger who now has 499 career assists.
It was Kane with the set-up on the first goal of the game too.
At 7:40 of the first period, Schmaltz found open ice near the face-off dot and Kane found him, putting a pass on his tape for a one-timer that Smith couldn't handle.
The busier of the two goaltenders was Glass, who had 35 stops. Three times he robbed Monahan including twice on the same shift in the first period. He falls to 3-3-3.
At the other end, Smith had 25 saves to improve to 21-15-6.
Notes: Calgary rookie Mark Jankowski, pointless in his last eight games, was a healthy scratch. Inserted for him was rookie Andrew Mangiapane, who sat out the previous five games… Flames also inserted D Matt Bartkowski, who had only played three of the previous 36 games… Chicago made two line-up changes with ex-Flames Lance Bouma and Jan Rutta both drawing in after sitting the last five games.
The NBA tanking war is escalating from all sides With tank season officially underway, NBA officials are keeping a close eye on the way teams play. NBA commissioner Adam Silver sent a league-wide memo to teams last week explaining...
Spencer Dinwiddie caps off big All-Star Weekend day for Nets LOS ANGELES — It was a good day for Nets point guards past and present. Hours after Jason Kidd was named a Hall of Fame finalist, unsung but rising point...
Who's NFL fooling saying it isn't political? My great Uncle Jack Goldstein was a Brooklyn kid who became a World War I Doughboy. His name appears on a plaque in the rotunda of the U.S. Post Office...
The war brewing on NBA courts is getting explosive One of the enduring images of this NBA season won't be a poster dunk, or a monster block, or a game-winner sailing through the net. It will be Shaun Livingston,...
Adam Silver disagrees with de Blasio: Nets thriving in Brooklyn MEXICO CITY — Mayor Bill de Blasio may not think the Nets are working out in Brooklyn, but NBA commissioner Adam Silver begs to differ. When The Post asked Silver,...
Why Nets don't mind losing two home games for Mexico City trip MEXICO CITY — NBA commissioner Adam Silver had told The Post the Nets always “raise their hand” when it comes to volunteering for international trips. Nets CEO Brett Yormark echoed...
Nets work hard to leave their mark all around the globe ATLANTA — The Nets are the NBA's real globetrotters. After recent treks to Asia and Europe, the Nets host the Thunder and Heat this week in Mexico City. Whenever the...
Knicks catch a break with the latest NBA draft rule changes The NBA's attempt to eradicate tanking and teams resting star players has led to some new regulations, but doesn't seem likely to extinguish either tactic. The league's Board of Governors...
The NBA's tanking problem could be on its way out The NBA wants to make it harder for other teams to replicate “The Process.” NBA commissioner Adam Silver has not been shy about his disdain for franchises tanking and trying...
TEDxWellington approached us with the theme of ‘perspective' for this year's event. We looked past the obvious interpretation of visual perspective in favour of an identity that makes you think, rethink and unthink what you already know.
We set out to challenge the conventions of a typical event programme through poetry, scale and photography. The elements combined to create a unique narrative and unexpected experience, whilst staying true to the theme.
……. 🙏🏻
A post shared by adriana lavat (@adrianalavat) on Aug 10, 2017 at 9:22am PDT
Authors overcome personal difficulties to release Book Four in their faith-based series.
Lake Charles, LA (PRUnderground) April 24th, 2018
According to recent Simba Information Estimates, the #3 highest-earning book genre is religious and the #4 is fantasy and science fiction. Authors Catherine Sharpe and Julie Bryson certainly did not foresee those statistics when they created their book series “Eternity's Account” — which combines both those genres — over ten years ago. But with the release of their fourth book in the series, “Eternity's Account: Rulers”, the authors know their original motivation may now be coming to fruition.
“We both had young kids at the time, and we were seeing so many young people digesting the Harry Potter and Twilight books,” says Sharpe. “We wanted something that would provide similar adventure stories, but that would be grounded in Biblical truth. If you don't have much background in the Bible you can still read these stories and get something out of them. But if you are well versed in the Bible then when you read the stories, you will recognize situations and hints that might be overlooked by others.”
Bryson says they purposefully set out to make the series appeal to all readers. “We present so many facets of life between the characters' relationships and movement between the dimensions that there is something for everyone,” says Bryson. “The supernatural tends to draw both readers of a suspicious nature and spiritual nature. Our intent has always been to reveal the good and expose the evil. Sometimes that exposure can be misunderstood as promotion. But, I assure you our intent is to expose and not promote.”
The “Eternity's Account” series was put on hold when, in 2010, the two authors—who are also neighbors— both had to take on the responsibilities of their aging parents. Their respective fathers were put in hospice care and each set of parents moved in with their daughters and their families. Then in 2011, both of their fathers died just a few months apart. Though their series has taken severe detours, both Sharpe and Bryson are committed to its completion.
“When we first started out,” says Bryson, “we had in mind that it would take seven books to go through the entire Bible. But here we are on book four and we're not even to the flood yet!”
“I cannot tell you how many times Julie and I had a plan of what our day was going to look like and then it got derailed and none of it got done,” says Sharpe. “It's great to have a plan, but you have to be flexible. In that flexibility, we learned to be thankful in all things.”
“It was 30 some odd years before the ultimate goal was reached in Jesus' life,” says Bryson. “During His life, He had several stops that might have felt like distractions but every one of them was necessary.”
Sharpe concludes, “Like Israel in the wilderness, it was about the journey.”
For more information, visit http://www.eternitysaccount.com.
About Eternity's Account
About the Authors:
Catherine (Cam) Sharpe:
Catherine Sharpe graduated from New Mexico Military Institute, achieved a Master's degree from California State University Northridge, and earned her doctorate in Language and Culture from the University of Texas Austin and Strassford University. She has three boys and has been married to her husband Larry for over 20 years. They reside in Louisiana.
Julie Bryson:
Julie Bryson authored the book “Out of the Ashes: How Autism Changed My Life” after her youngest of three daughters was diagnosed as autistic. She is a cosmetologist and fitness instructor. She has been married to her husband Chris since 1994, and they live next door to Catherine.
Mike Krzyzewski taking leave of absence to undergo back surgery
Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski will take an indefinite leave of absence due to back problems.
The team announced in a statement issued Monday that Krzyzewski needs surgery to remove a fragment of a herniated disc. The timetable for recovery is roughly four weeks. Assistant coach Jeff Capel will coach the team in Krzyzewski's absence, starting with Saturday's game against Boston College.
“Dr. William Richardson, Dr. Friedman, and our medical team have worked tirelessly to help manage this issue for several weeks,” Krzyzewski said in the statement. “Together, we have determined that surgery is the best course of action at this time. During my recovery process, the team will be in the capable hands of Coach Capel, Coach James and Coach Scheyer. As soon as the doctors clear me to do so, I look forward to returning and giving our team 100% of my energy and attention, which is certainly something that they deserve.”
A source had told ESPN's Jeff Goodman that Krzyzewski would be taking the leave of absence.
“His back has been bothering him way worse than he's let on,” the source said. “The plan is for him to be back at some point this year.”
Krzyzewski isn't the first prominent basketball coach to step away to address back problems. Hopefully his surgery goes smoothly and is free of complications.
Name: Jennifer Hudson
Age: 35
Twitter: @IAMJHUD
Best known for: Coming seventh on American Idol in 2003 but going on to win an Oscar for her starring turn in Dreamgirls with Beyonce and Eddie Murphy.
Bio: Born and raised in Chicago, Hudson dreamed of a career in the music industry from a young age. She had just signed her first recording deal when she landed a spot on American Idol, and managed to release herself in time to take part in the contest.
Hudson came seventh but went on to have a career to rival any Idol winner and even picked up an Oscar while she was at it. The Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress was hers thanks to a stunning performance in the big screen adaptation of music Dreamgirls, in which she played Effie to Beyonce's Deena Jones.
Her cover of the musical's most famous track, And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going is probably one of Hudson's most famous musical releases - and when you've listened to her perform it you'll understand why.
The singer and four time Grammy nominee also sadly hit the headlines in 2008 after her mother, brother and nephew were murdered.
She made her first public appearance following the tragedy at the Super Bowl in 2009, singing US National Anthem, The Star Spangled Banner.
She also sang for Barack and Michelle Obama's first dance at the US President's Inauguration Ball.
Bankers plotted to rip off clients in online chat room Bankers say the damnedest things. A giant French bank on Wednesday was fined $350 million by New York regulators after investigators discovered a secret online chat room where traders and...
Tennis boss quits after ugly, sexist rant LOS ANGELES — The tournament director of the BNP Paribas Open who said women's pro tennis players “ride on the coattails of the men” resigned Monday night. Tournament owner Larry...
BNP Paribas bankers frustrated by rejected expenses Top bankers at BNP Paribas are frustrated by compliance execs who are getting down to the nitty- gritty, analyzing every expense — even rejecting bankers' lunches if they don't recognize...
The right way to spend New York's BNP Paribas windfall New York state stands to reap billions from the fines paid by French banking giant BNP Paribas to settle money-laundering charges. The one-time windfall should go to address our urgent...
BNP chief offers 'regrets' for financing terrorist states after $9B fine BNP Paribas wants to thank you for your loyalty after they financed terrorist regimes. The French bank's chief executive officer, Jean-Laurent Bonnafé, wrote an open letter that expressed his “deep...
BNP Paribas fined $8.9B for defying sanctions BNP Paribas is now officially a criminal. Late Monday, the Justice Department announced that the French bank, which pled guilty to falsifying business documents and conspiracy, agreed to $8.9 billion...
Whistleblowers are increasing on Wall Street In the post-Dodd-Frank world, every Wall Street bank, it seems, has a rat. This year has marked a turning point for regulatory action against the country's largest financial institutions, with...
US to fine BNP Paribas nearly $9B The U.S. Justice Department is expected to announce on Monday a settlement with BNP Paribas involving a record fine of nearly $9 billion over alleged U.S. sanctions violations by France's...
Bank, expected to pay $9B for Sudan ties, cuts dividend PARIS — BNP Paribas plans to slash its dividend and sell billions of euros of bonds to investors next week as it nears a settlement with US authorities over sanctions...
Brighten up your spring wardrobe with leather jackets in every color of the rainbow It's time to ditch the puffy parka and grab a sassy leather jacket in every color of the rainbow. Citrine Kelly green Electric blue Cherry red Turquoise Bubblegum pink Ombré...
15 stylish jackets and capes to spice up your wardrobe It's a wrap! Pair a sleek robe coat with a floppy hat for an updated take on swingin' '70s style. The ride stuff Keep engines roaring with a tough but-feminine...
The flood gates have opened in a Congressional probe into how suspected Russian entities used social media to spread misinformation designed to influence America's presidential election.
On Thursday, Twitter, which has kept relatively quiet about suspected use of the platform for election meddling, will appear before Senate and House Intelligence Committee members.
The move comes as Facebook begins to hand over 3,000 Russian-linked ads, including payment data and details on how Russian entities targeted voters through Facebook's system.
A Facebook representative told NBC News on Wednesday the company is in the process of providing information to Special Counsel Robert Mueller's office. The House and Senate intelligence committees are also set to receive the advertisements as part of their ongoing probe into Russian interference in the election.
Senate Intelligence Chairman Sen. Richard Burr, right, and committee Vice Chairman Sen. Mark Warner Manuel Balce Ceneta / AP
Facebook and Twitter representatives also confirmed to NBC News they received invitations to testify at an open hearing before Congress next month regarding the election probe.
It was unclear which executives might testify at the hearing.
"The question is, we've contacted the most senior officials (from Twitter, Facebook and Google), but we'll be in conversations about who's going to have the most relevant information," Sen. Mark Warner told reporters.
Related: Facebook Says It Will Hand Over Russia-Linked Ads to Congress
Earlier this month, Facebook revealed the results of an investigation, which found a suspected Russian operation spent $100,000 on issues-related advertisements from June 2015 to May 2017 with the intent to sway votes in the U.S. election.
On Wednesday, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg responded to a tweet from President Donald Trump, which claimed "Facebook was always anti-Trump. The Networks were always anti-Trump." He also mentioned The New York Times and The Washington Post and asked, "Collusion?"
"Trump says Facebook is against him. Liberals say we helped Trump. Both sides are upset about ideas and content they don't like. That's what running a platform for all ideas looks like," Zuckerberg said.
Twitter is rethinking its terms in the Trump era. NurPhoto / NurPhoto via Getty Images
Rep. Mike Conaway (R-TX) and Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA), the bipartisan team leading the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence's investigation into Russian interference, issued a joint statement on Wednesday outlining the next big public step in the investigation - hearing from Facebook and other technology companies in an open hearing.
"In the coming month, we will hold an open hearing with representatives from tech companies in order to better understand how Russia used online tools and platforms to sow discord in and influence our election," they said.
It was not yet known whether Zuckerberg might testify at that open hearing. However, his lengthy response on Wednesday aimed to put Facebook's role in the election into perspective.
He said the facts suggest "the greatest role Facebook played in the 2016 election was different from what most are saying."
"Campaigns spent hundreds of millions advertising online to get their messages out even further. That's 1000x more than any problematic ads we've found," he said.
With this being the first election where the internet truly played a starring role, candidates were able to directly communicate with tens of millions of followers through their Facebook pages. In addition, Zuckerberg said there were billions of interactions on Facebook discussing the issues, including well beyond what was covered in the media.
"After the election, I made a comment that I thought the idea misinformation on Facebook changed the outcome of the election was a crazy idea. Calling that crazy was dismissive and I regret it," he said.
"This is too important an issue to be dismissive. But the data we have has always shown that our broader impact -- from giving people a voice to enabling candidates to communicate directly to helping millions of people vote -- played a far bigger role in this election."
It's not the first time Trump directly took aim at Facebook and the Russian advertisements. In a tweet earlier this month, he appeared to dismiss the scrutiny of ads on Facebook.
The Russia hoax continues, now it's ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 22, 2017
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Two national civil rights groups have joined a federal lawsuit accusing dozens of Oklahoma sheriffs, judges and court clerks of operating a debt-collection scheme that preys on poor people by sending them to jail if they can't pay court costs.
The 10 biggest flier freakouts of 2014 From “nut rage” to brawls over reclined seats to an attempt to smuggle a pet pig onboard, 2014 saw a whole new level of passenger misbehavior. Here are 10 of...
The 10 worst sports fails of 2014 Just like they drew it up — except the opposite. These were the moments in sports this year that made us face-palm, baffling in their tone-deafness, regrettable in their inanity. They...
In memoriam: Stars we lost in 2014 A look back at the famous faces who died in 2014.
The 10 style winners of 2014 2015 is just around the corner, so it's time to look back and give props to the biggest trendsetters of the past year. From the celeb who dressed the best...
Watch 2014's defining moments in this powerful video It's difficult to wrap up an entire year in a few words, let alone in five minutes. But NYC-based artist Lemon Andersen manages to do just that. The Tony Award-winning...
Top 10 fashion moments of 2014 — Kimye's Vogue cover and all From Kim Kardashian's debut on the cover of Vogue to fast food on the Moschino runway, it's been quite the year in fashion. Here are The Post's deputy fashion editor...
2014's queens of pop The four women who dominated the charts and headlines this year
Top 10 sports stunners of 2014 One of the beauties of sports is they are spoiler-proof: In 12 months of live entertainment — in the form of title games, free agencies and off-the-field circuses — there is bound...
2014's most viral hashtags explained Phew! It sure was a big year for the #internet. We've already taken a look at 2014's worst social media blunders and most important selfies, not to mention the amazing...
When is it on TV? What will happen to Jon Snow and Daenerys? And will the White Walkers finally triumph?
Game of Thrones fans are settling in for their own Long Night in the coming months, with the smash-hit fantasy's final series not set to return until 2019 in the biggest gap between episodes we've seen since the HBO drama began in 2011.
Advertisement
And in the meantime we have just one thing to sustain us – feverishly trying to find out everything we can about Game of Thrones season eight, from the storyline and returning characters to exactly when we'll actually see the last battle for Westeros erupt across our screens.
So enter our Citadel of knowledge, and prepare to wait out the coming storm. It shouldn't be too bad – if the White Walkers can happily spend eight years walking very slowly towards the South, we can handle a few extra months…
This article will be updated regularly
Send a raven.#GameofThrones returns to @HBO for its eighth and final season in 2019: https://t.co/FpWV0O0L9i — Game Of Thrones (@GameOfThrones) January 4, 2018
HBO has confirmed that the series won't be back until 2019, following previous suggestions from showrunners David Benioff and DB Weiss that they planned to spend a particularly long time crafting the final episodes.
Exactly when in 2019 is more of a mystery but given that the current filming is rumoured to conclude this summer, it wouldn't be out of the question for Thrones to have a spring airdate, as it has done for all but its most recent series.
Why isn't Game of Thrones on TV in 2018?
A combination of reasons probably, including the most recent series' later-than-usual airdate, a desire to film in the winter months to properly show off a Westerosi winter and the showrunners' plan to spend a bit longer working on the final episodes.
As a happy side effect, it's possible that the delayed airing might also mean author George RR Martin (on whose books the series is based) could finish another novel in his A Song of Ice and Fire sequence prior to Thrones' release, but maybe don't hold your breath for that one.
How many episodes are there in season 8?
Just six, sadly, in contrast to 2017's seven-episode run and the ten-episode seasons we enjoyed from 2011-2016. Still, most of the episodes are rumoured to be significantly longer than usual, so we might not miss out on as much material as you'd think.
What will happen in the series?
As usual, secrecy is paramount, but given the cliffhanger ending of the previous series – where the Wall is brought down by the White Walkers and their undead dragon – it seems fair to assume season eight will largely concern itself with the final battle between the living and the dead, as well as Cersei's (Lena Headey) attempts to double-cross her new allies Jon Snow (Kit Harington) and Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke).
To that end, it seems likely that Cersei will recruit legendary mercenary army The Golden Company, a group who appeared in an unused storyline from George RR Martin's novels and who were referenced multiple times in season seven. Marc Rissman has reportedly been cast as the leader of The Golden Company, Harry Strickland.
It also seems likely the new episodes will explore Jon's true identity as the rightful King of Westeros, as well as Theon Greyjoy's (Alfie Allen) attempts to rescue his sister Yara (Gemma Whelan) from the clutches of his evil uncle Euron (Pilou Asbaek).
And according to star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau (who plays tainted knight Jaime Lannister in the series), the whole thing could leave a few characters being turned to the side of the undead…
“You know some of the main characters are going to get turned. There are going to be some blue-eyed main characters running around,” he told Esquire.com when asked about the final season.
“And, god, I hope it's not me. That's three hours of make-up in the morning. I know that if [Thrones showrunners] David Benioff and Dan Weiss read this, they'll go, ‘Oh, yes we will'.”
“It's going to be the greatest thing that's ever aired on TV,” former cast member Jason Momoa told EW following a visit to the season eight set.
“It's going to be unbelievable. It's going to f*** up a lot of people.”
How will Game of Thrones end?
Well, this is the million dollar (or rather, rumoured 15 million-dollar-an-episode) question. We imagine the White Walkers will either be routed or emerge triumphant, and while we're hoping for the former, George RR Martin has always promised the end to his saga will be “bittersweet”.
This may mean that while our heroes win, there will be a terrible cost – possibly the life of one of our very favourite characters.
Sansa Stark actress Sophie Turner has described the ending as “incredibly emotional” and “very satisfying,” while Harington also said it made him “really emotional.”
“I cried at the end!” he told Alex Jones and Ricky Wilson on The One Show. “We had the read-through last week, in fact, so I know everything now.
“It wasn't anything particular that happens. You have to remember, I've done eight years of it. I think, no-one really cares about [Game of Thrones] more than us… It's been an institution longer than any other institution I've been in. School, drama school, anything.”
Which characters are returning?
All the lead actors (including Harington, Clarke, Headey, Peter Dinklage and Coster-Waldau) are set to return alongside the likes of regulars Maisie Williams, Sophie Turner, Liam Cunningham, Rory McCann and many many more (with quite a few of them spotted by fans arriving in Belfast for filming).
Basically, there will be no unexpected absences, and if you can think of one of the 6 billion characters in Westeros that are still alive, they'll probably be in there (except maybe Indira Varma's Ellaria Sand, who doesn't appear to be back following her imprisonment in the last series).
Less clear, though, are the fates of fan-favourite characters Tormund Giantsbane (Kristofer Hivju) and Beric Dondarrian (Richard Dormer), who were manning the icy Wall before it was at least partially destroyed by the White Walkers.
“I do know [whether I'll be involved] but I have been told not to say – because it would give away whether Beric Dondarrion survives the collapse of The Wall,” Dormer told RadioTimes.com last year.
Fingers crossed they make it back, if only so Tormund can finally pursue his love for Brienne of Tarth (Gwendoline Christie).
Will there be any massive battles?
We're betting on YES – and given that the director of massive battle episodes The Battle of the Bastards and Hardhome, Miguel Sapochnik, is returning to direct the third and fifth episodes we imagine they might take place there.
Who else is directing the series?
David Nutter, who directed a number of Thrones episodes from 2012 to 2015 including fan-favourite The Rains of Castamere (aka the Red Wedding episode) will be taking the reins for season eight's first, second and fourth episodes, while showrunners David Benioff and DB Weiss are making their directorial debut with the very last episode. Guess they want to make sure that one comes off just right.
How are they keeping it all a secret?
In recent years the security around Game of Thrones has become tighter and tighter, and this time in an attempt to stave off the usual set leaks (collated by fans on reddit over the last few series) HBO president of programming Casey Bloys has revealed that multiple endings will be filmed to prevent spoilers from leaking ahead of the finale.
Meanwhile, star Nikolaj Coster Waldau has suggested the cast aren't having scripts at all this year, instead using an odd method to deliver their lines.
“The first season we got the scripts like you should get them and then you could sit and do note and stuff,” he said on the Scandinavian talk show Skavlan. “And then after a couple of years, they got paranoid because there were some leaks so we had to get them only digital, on a PDF file.”
“Now we're not even going to get the script. Now we are going to do a scene, we will be told what's going to happen and then we roll. We're all going to have earpieces for the scene and then someone's going to tell you the line and then you're going to do the line.”
Coster Waldau is of course joking about that last part and those other accounts should probably be taken with a pinch of salt too – HBO previously claimed to have filmed fake scenes for season seven in an attempt to discredit genuine on-set photos – but after last year's storm of leaks and hacks, we can definitely be sure HBO are taking things even more seriously this time.
Whether that means this page will remain fairly bare, well, only time will tell. For now just watch the skies, and remember that dark wings bring dark words – and the odd plot spoiler.
Advertisement
Game of Thrones will return to HBO and Sky Atlantic in 2019
Stafford (Va.) North Stafford 2019 running back Devyn Ford has finished his official visit slate.The five-star prospect will not take his previously-planned trip to Ohio State this weekend, as repo...
Early in Monday's Jets practice, Christian Hackenberg uncorked a beautiful, 45-yard pass that landed right in Robby Anderson's hands and gave the small crowd of fans something to cheer about.
It was proof Hackenberg can throw a football more than 10 yards, something I was beginning to wonder about after Saturday night's preseason debut against the Titans. In that game, he went 18-of-25 for 127 yards, but it was a bunch of dinking and dunking down the field. Only two of his throws went more than 20 yards.
The best thing I can say about Hackenberg's night was it left you wanting to see more. Now, it's time the Jets let him show us more.
Jets coach Todd Bowles and offensive coordinator John Morton need to put more on Hackenberg's plate this week in practice and Saturday night against the Lions in Detroit. The game against the Titans felt like paint by numbers. The ball was snapped, he took three steps and threw the ball short to a designated back or receiver. This week, let's see if he can paint an abstract. Can he progress through his reads and find someone, or will it all be checkdowns and quick hitches again?
“He's got to take what they give him,” Bowles said after practice Monday. “Some of the plays [against the Titans] were designed. Some of the plays, the deep stuff wasn't there and he checked it down. He just has to do his job. We'd like to see him down the field, but he did his job. He did everything that was asked of him.”
This season is mainly about finding out if Hackenberg is the answer at quarterback. If not, they must select one early in the 2018 draft. All indications are the Jets will be picking in the top three next year with the quality of their roster, meaning they will have a shot at Sam Darnold, Josh Allen and Josh Rosen, who are considered the top three quarterbacks in the draft at the moment.
The worst possible outcome for the Jets is Hackenberg is just good enough to convince Mike Maccagnan he does not need to draft a quarterback, then Hackenberg falls on his face next year.
For most of the past decade, the Jets have been on a quarterback treadmill that has killed them. Mike Tannenbaum was convinced in 2012 to give Mark Sanchez a contract extension after two AFC Championship Game appearances and 26 touchdowns in 2011. Sanchez bottomed out that season, and they were searching for a QB again.
see also Jets quarterback competition looking just how they planned it Thanks to one play Saturday night at MetLife Stadium, the...
Geno Smith was drafted in 2013 and was inconsistent as a rookie but a strong finish to that season convinced the Jets' brass he should start in 2014. He went 3-10 as a starter that year and lost his job to Michael Vick. In 2015, Ryan Fitzpatrick set team records and they signed him to a one-year, $12 million deal that blew up in their faces in 2016.
The Jets have to get off this treadmill. That is why Hackenberg either has to wow the team this year or be pushed aside in 2018.
But how can anyone evaluate him if he is not allowed to run a full offense. At the moment, the Jets seem afraid to let Hackenberg make mistakes. Maybe they feel his confidence is fragile after a difficult college career at Penn State. Maybe they just don't trust him enough.
The organization has babied Hackenberg since the day they took him with the 51st overall pick in 2016. It's time for the diapers to come off.
Let the kid play. It's time to see what he can do.
CHICAGO: A Texas university canceled Monday a planned white supremacist rally on its campus next month, citing safety concerns following the deadly violence at a rally in Virginia at the weekend.
Texas A&M University, one of the most prestigious public colleges in the United States, scrapped a September 11 rally at which known white supremacist leader Richard Spencer was scheduled to speak.
Spencer was one of the leading figures in a rally that saw hundreds of white supremacists gather Saturday in the town of Charlottesville, triggering violence that left one person dead and 19 others injured.
The university's decision to cancel the event came after it emerged that organizers were billing the event as “Today Charlottesville, Tomorrow Texas A&M.”
“Linking the tragedy of Charlottesville with the Texas A&M event creates a major security risk on our campus,” the university said in a statement.
Spencer has asked sympathizers to invite him to speak on campuses, and he has been invited to speak at the University of Florida on September 12, although authorities have yet to give their approval.
In an open letter to students, University of Florida president Kent Fuchs indicated how the college was torn over whether to give the event the green light.
“For many in our community, including myself, this speaker's presence would be deeply disturbing,” Fuchs wrote, before adding that “we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space.”
CHICAGO: A Texas university canceled Monday a planned white supremacist rally on its campus next month, citing safety concerns following the deadly violence at a rally in Virginia at the weekend.
Texas A&M University, one of the most prestigious public colleges in the United States, scrapped a September 11 rally at which known white supremacist leader Richard Spencer was scheduled to speak.
Spencer was one of the leading figures in a rally that saw hundreds of white supremacists gather Saturday in the town of Charlottesville, triggering violence that left one person dead and 19 others injured.
The university's decision to cancel the event came after it emerged that organizers were billing the event as “Today Charlottesville, Tomorrow Texas A&M.”
“Linking the tragedy of Charlottesville with the Texas A&M event creates a major security risk on our campus,” the university said in a statement.
Spencer has asked sympathizers to invite him to speak on campuses, and he has been invited to speak at the University of Florida on September 12, although authorities have yet to give their approval.
In an open letter to students, University of Florida president Kent Fuchs indicated how the college was torn over whether to give the event the green light.
“For many in our community, including myself, this speaker's presence would be deeply disturbing,” Fuchs wrote, before adding that “we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space.”
Vaping has led more people to start smoking real cigarettes than to stop, according to a study.
A lung-busting 168,000 American young adults who had never smoked took up the habit — and eventually got hooked — after first trying electronic cigarettes in 2015, according to data compiled by researchers at Dartmouth College's Norris Cotton Cancer Center.
By contrast, only 2,070 cigarette-smoking adults used e-cigarettes to quit the same year, according to the study, published Wednesday in the journal PLOS ONE.
Kids and teens who vape are three times more likely start smoking cigarettes than ones who don't — due to advertising and packaging that includes fruity flavors, according to the study's lead author Samir Soneji.
“Kids who vape are more likely to start smoking cigarettes—notably kids who were otherwise not at a high risk of starting to smoke,” Soneji, an associate professor of health policy at Dartmouth's Geisel School of Medicine, told Bloomberg News.
Researchers estimated that vaping over a one-year period would eventually lead to 1,510,000 years of lost American life, according to the study, which also used data from the 2014 Census, published literature and surveys about e-cigarette use.
In 2015, a total of 68 percent of Americans who smoked wanted to quit, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
A woman died in a mobile home fire in Crete early Monday morning. The Crete Fire department and Police Department answered a call reporting that smoke was coming from the windows of a mobile home at 2200 Hawthorne Street just after 3 am on Monday morning.
The only resident of the mobile home, 80 year old Jana Johnson, was found inside. The State Fire Marshall's investigation determined the likely cause of the fire was the resident falling asleep while smoking.
Fake information will pervade mature economies in the next few years, a new study has noted.
By 2022, most people in mature economies will consume more false information than true information, according to the study from research firm Gartner.
This trend will be fueled, in part, by “confirmation bias,” that “leads all people to seek out, select and value information that parallels what they believe and expect to be proven true,” the study's authors, Magnus Revang and Whit Andrews, found.
And even improved artificial intelligence (AI), which companies like Facebook and Google are working on, won't be able to stop it, a separate study by Gartner found. “Counterfeit reality” or fake content, will “outpace AI's ability to detect it.”
Generating false information will always cost less than the cost of detecting it. “False information will consequently outpace true information where there is economic or political interest to purvey it,” Revang and Andrews wrote.
Fake information and fake news is an extremely complicated topic that is often painted with a broad brush that belies its complexity, Paula Bolyard, Supervising Editor at PJ Media, told Fox News via email.
“It's true that ‘fake news' is easier and less costly to produce than factual news reporting,” Bolyard said. “A separate, parallel, issue is the demand for instant reactions to newsworthy events.”
Bolyard added, “Original reporting is labor intensive and the 24-hour news cycle creates a sense of urgency that values speed over accuracy. As a result, sometimes even legitimate news sources get stories wrong in the rush to be first.”
President Trump's pet peeve
President Trump has revisited the fake news theme regularly. This week, he lashed out a report from NBC that claimed Secretary of State Rex Tillerson considered resigning over the summer amid disagreements with the White House.
“The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec. Tillerson and @VP Pence. It is #FakeNews. They should issue an apology to AMERICA!” – Trump tweeted on Wednesday.
The President has also cited CNN's constant spotlighting of the administration's alleged “Russia collusion” as fake news.
Issues with fake news
The issue is, the term “fake news” is used liberally by both the left and right.
“A major theme for 2017 in politics and media worldwide has been the issue of the creation of ‘fake news,'” the Gartner analysts said in the study. The indiscriminate use of the term has “many stops along a spectrum” from discrediting “true information to its proper use to describe wholly false information,” they added.
But Bolyard argues that despite the mainstreaming of fake news in countries like Russia, it's not as bad as we may be led to believe.
“I don't think the situation is quite as dire as the study predicts,” she said. “While fake news will continue to be a problem, I think perhaps we're reaching a tipping point where people are becoming more skeptical and more discerning with their media choices.”
2 experienced climbers presumed dead on mountain ANCHORAGE, Alaska — Two experienced mountain climbers trying to tackle a new route in Alaska were presumed dead after climbing ropes that matched their gear were found in a crevasse,...
US soldiers training for mountain warfare hit by avalanche A mountain warfare training exercise almost turned deadly for six US soldiers on Wednesday who got caught in an avalanche on one of Vermont's tallest peaks. Rescue crews worked for...
Rescue of man buried alive after avalanche caught on video LOS ANGELES — Dramatic video taken by a snowboarder shows the aftermath of an avalanche in Northern California, with people furiously digging out a man buried alive under snow. One...
Teens killed in avalanche while snowshoeing in ski area Two teenagers were killed during an avalanche while snowshoeing in Washington, where rescuers located them in a backcountry area using GPS on one of their phones, authorities said. The King...
3 skiers killed by avalanche at resort PARIS — Authorities say three skiers have died after being swept away by an avalanche in the French Pyrenees. The prefecture in the southern Hautes-Pyrenees region said the bodies of...
Climber who killed himself after girlfriend's death was haunted by sport's 'painful reality' The accomplished mountain climber who killed himself after his girlfriend died in an avalanche in Montana had seemingly been at a breaking point prior to her death, writing weeks before...
Man kills himself after his girlfriend dies in avalanche A Montana woman died in a weekend avalanche, and the family of her boyfriend said he survived the slide, but not the loss of his partner and took his own...
Three dead after avalanche strikes French ski resort PARIS — French officials say three people have died in an avalanche that struck the ski resort of Bonneval-sur-Arc in the Alps. The Savoie prefecture said the avalanche struck around...
Eight students feared dead in Japan avalanche TOKYO — Eight Japanese high school students were presumed dead after being caught in an avalanche Monday while being trained in mountain climbing at a ski resort, authorities and media...
Sarah Saltzberg, co-founder of Bohemia Realty Group, and seven of her Broadway-performer brokers — stars in their own right — are putting on a 90-minute performance to raise funds for Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS on June 7 at the Laurie Beechman Theatre at 407 W. 42nd St.
Saltzberg is co-writer of “Gettin' the Band Back Together,” and a creator and star of “The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee.”
AD100 designer Steven Gambrel is selling his own 25-foot-wide townhouse at 68 Morton St. for $8.99 million.
The Greek revival-style brick property in the West Village, repped by Joshua Wesokyand Chad Longmore of Compass, comes with three bedrooms and five woodburning fireplaces.
Delta Air Lines increased the maximum payout for a passenger bumped from a flight to $10,000 (AFP Photo/Andrew Burton)
New York (AFP) - Delta Air Lines has increased the maximum possible payout to passengers to nearly $10,000 if they voluntarily give up a seat on an overbooked flight, the company told AFP Monday.
The boost is part of the airline industry's response to the global outrage sparked by last week's violent removal of a customer from a United Airlines Chicago flight after he resisted being "bumped" by the carrier.
Delta customer service employees will be permitted to offer up to $2,000 in these cases, up from the prior cap of $800.
Supervisors will be able to grant up to $9,950, up from the prior limit of $1,350.
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
The increases came after United came under fire after it called security officers to forcibly remove passenger David Dao from an overbooked flight in order to seat crew members for another flight.
Video of the episode went viral, sparking calls for greater scrutiny of airlines from politicians.
United, which is undertaking an audit of its practices, already amended some policies, saying it will require employees to be booked at least 60 minutes prior to departure. United evicted Dao and three other passengers from the flight to make room for employees.
The incident shined a new light on the practice of overbooking, which airlines increasingly rely upon to avoid losing money on seats left when some passengers do not show up for scheduled flights.
Delta has described overbooking as a necessary industry practice, in part because of weather uncertainty, and said the process can be managed effectively.
SALEM, Massachusetts: Kirk Hammett may be known best as the guitarist whose deafening solos have come to define the band Metallica. But a new exhibit is showcasing a different side of the rocker, his passion for sci-fi and horror films.
The exhibit which opens Saturday at the Peabody Essex Museum features 135 works owned by the heavy metal musician, including some Hammett says have inspired his music. It runs through Nov. 26.
“My collection takes me to a place where I need to be,” Hammett said in a statement. “Among the monsters, where I am most comfortable and creative.”
“That is where the magic has happened for me all these years and it is something I have come to trust,” he said. “From the moment I first encountered these characters, I could see that these guys had just as much difficulty in coping as I did.”
Daniel Finamore, who curated the show titled “It is Alive: Classic Horror and Sci-fi art from the Kirk Hammett Collection,” said although the posters may have played a supporting role to the films, they give the mummies and zombies top billing and “deliver on the promise of fear.”
“These are rare works of art, but they are under-recognized as such,” he said.
There are posters of the undead and unnatural, including ones from the 1931 film “Dracula” and the 1932 film “The Mummy,” which depicts the monster with arms crossed over his chest as he casts a predatory gaze toward a woman wearing a sleek, floor-length red dress. Some three decades later, another poster shows a young, scantily-clad Jane Fonda in the 1968 film Barbarella. In the poster, Fonda is seen grasping weapons, standing on a planet with space aliens in the backdrop.
The exhibit also features some collectible electric guitars, monster masks and sculptures.
One of the stars of the show is the lone-surviving, three-sheet poster for the 1931 film “Frankenstein.” It was found in the boarded up projection room of an old movie theater. There also is one of the only surviving standing cardboard cutouts for the 1933 flick “King Kong.”
“These posters are part of our cultural history, and they play to many of the same fears and anxieties we still have today as a society,” Finamore said.
The works generally were commissioned by the movie studios and created by anonymous artists. They were mostly produced from the 1930s into the 1970s, but people did not focus on saving — or collecting — them until recently.
For those like Hammett who got into the game, it's been pretty lucrative. The most expensive movie poster — was purchased in 2016 by a private collector for nearly $700,000. It was for director Fritz Lang's 1927 film “Metropolis.”
“He tapped into a passion and used it to fuel his professional life in a positive way,” Finamore said of Hammett. “If that is a takeaway from this exhibit, then I would say it was a success.”
SALEM, Massachusetts: Kirk Hammett may be known best as the guitarist whose deafening solos have come to define the band Metallica. But a new exhibit is showcasing a different side of the rocker, his passion for sci-fi and horror films.
The exhibit which opens Saturday at the Peabody Essex Museum features 135 works owned by the heavy metal musician, including some Hammett says have inspired his music. It runs through Nov. 26.
“My collection takes me to a place where I need to be,” Hammett said in a statement. “Among the monsters, where I am most comfortable and creative.”
“That is where the magic has happened for me all these years and it is something I have come to trust,” he said. “From the moment I first encountered these characters, I could see that these guys had just as much difficulty in coping as I did.”
Daniel Finamore, who curated the show titled “It is Alive: Classic Horror and Sci-fi art from the Kirk Hammett Collection,” said although the posters may have played a supporting role to the films, they give the mummies and zombies top billing and “deliver on the promise of fear.”
“These are rare works of art, but they are under-recognized as such,” he said.
There are posters of the undead and unnatural, including ones from the 1931 film “Dracula” and the 1932 film “The Mummy,” which depicts the monster with arms crossed over his chest as he casts a predatory gaze toward a woman wearing a sleek, floor-length red dress. Some three decades later, another poster shows a young, scantily-clad Jane Fonda in the 1968 film Barbarella. In the poster, Fonda is seen grasping weapons, standing on a planet with space aliens in the backdrop.
The exhibit also features some collectible electric guitars, monster masks and sculptures.
One of the stars of the show is the lone-surviving, three-sheet poster for the 1931 film “Frankenstein.” It was found in the boarded up projection room of an old movie theater. There also is one of the only surviving standing cardboard cutouts for the 1933 flick “King Kong.”
“These posters are part of our cultural history, and they play to many of the same fears and anxieties we still have today as a society,” Finamore said.
The works generally were commissioned by the movie studios and created by anonymous artists. They were mostly produced from the 1930s into the 1970s, but people did not focus on saving — or collecting — them until recently.
For those like Hammett who got into the game, it's been pretty lucrative. The most expensive movie poster — was purchased in 2016 by a private collector for nearly $700,000. It was for director Fritz Lang's 1927 film “Metropolis.”
“He tapped into a passion and used it to fuel his professional life in a positive way,” Finamore said of Hammett. “If that is a takeaway from this exhibit, then I would say it was a success.”
Applebee's restaurant admits it racially profiled customers An Applebee's restaurant in Missouri is being temporarily closed after two black women were falsely accused of “dining and dashing” a day earlier. Police were called to the Independence restaurant...
Mystery couple picks up checks for customers at Applebee's WASHINGTON, Pa. — A mystery couple has been picking up the checks for other customers at a southwestern Pennsylvania restaurant. KDKA-TV reports the couple has been doing that for years...
Applebee's is over millennials If any millennials out there are interested in half-priced apps, they might wanna get ‘em before they're gone. Despite earnest attempts to keep pace with millennial consumers, casual dining chain...
Man went to Applebee's after fatally beating wife: prosecutors A deranged New Jersey husband feasted on Applebee's takeout after beating his wife to death and tossing her body in the family's pool, according to prosecutors. Norman Long, 51, tried...
Chain restaurants struggle to attract CEOs As casual restaurant chains like Applebee's and Ruby Tuesday see traffic erode, their C-Suites are looking as empty as their parking lots. Five national chains, which operate about 6,300 restaurants,...
Applebee's facing sixth straight negative quarter in sales Diners have had their fill of Applebee's Grill & Bar. A menu flop has given the casual dining chain and its 2,000 eateries indigestion, as wood-fired steaks that were added...
Elementary school worker accused of hurling bottle during Applebee's dispute An elementary school worker with the NYC Department of Education is the one who needs to learn a lesson after becoming violent at an Applebee's on Halloween, police sources said....
Applebee's keeps getting burned despite making changes When Applebee's brass added wood-fire grilling to the menu three months ago, they hoped it would reverse three straight quarters of same-store sales declines. Instead, all they got was burned....
Applebee's revamps menu to make themselves relevant again It's make-or-break time for Applebee's. The casual restaurant chain with slipping sales is investing $75 million to revamp its menu, adding wood-fired grills to its restaurants and new dishes to...
Consider the bong rip. Easily the most ubiquitous sound in weed culture, this raspy sonic hallmark of water-pipe smoking is universally recognized as the stoner's warhorn, a bold declaration of dank intent. Though countless dopesmoking bands, from Black Sabbath to Sublime, have incorporated the mighty rip into their music over the years, few have captured its primordial, ritualistic essence quite like the iconic stoner metal band Sleep does on The Sciences, their first album in two decades. Yes, the ominous burbling in the opening seconds of the record's first major set piece, “Marijuananaut's Theme” is technically the sound of someone taking a big, fat hit; but under the trio's crushing, psych-doom gravity, it may as well be a dragon's sigh. Such is Sleep's power: they cater to the psychonaut in everyone, regardless of the listener's personal relationship with the good stuff.
As expected for a Sleep album (a Sleep album released on 4/20, natch) The Sciences finds the band trafficking in high fantasy: musically punishing but lyrically playful. Singer/bassist Al Cisneros goes all-in where the band's associated weed worship is concerned, bleating tales of marijuanauts rowing “hash oil rigs” to the shoreline, “doob messiahs” anointed with “the bong water of life,” and pterodactyls gliding over “emerald fields.” Roll your eyes at the exaggerated imagery if you must: by taking the silly aspects of stoner-dom with the spiritual and the sinister and propping them up against ferocious musical backdrops, Sleep acknowledge, and therefore transcend, their music's innate novelty, just as they did with 1998's legendary Dopesmoker.
That Sleep have kept their satire well-intact on The Sciences is a major plus, but let's not kid ourselves: the trio's legendary status (and by extension, the success of this LP) stems from the stellar track record of its cast — Cisneros, guitarist Matt Pike, and drummer Jason Roeder, who joined during the long stretch between Dopesmoker and the new album — as both individual performers (as showcased in massively successful projects like Cisneros' Om, Pike's High on Fire, and Roeder's Neurosis) and a singular killing machine. For the most part, they don't disappoint. The record's bookending instrumentals, “The Sciences” and “The Botanist,” are lavish riff addicts with some of Pike's finest work to date, and the latter track gives Roeder some much-needed time in the spotlight, placing him higher than usual in the mix. Cisneros' atonal vocals sound as hypnotizing as ever on “Sonic Titan” and “Antarcticans Thawed,” his syllables bobbing atop Pike's churning chords in a slow, steady cadence. The shaky, nasal vocal delivery on these tracks is the only noticeable sign of weakness, rendering otherwise-robust melodies anemic on occasion. (To be fair, the man is 44.)
Sleep might be stoned out of their minds half of the time, but they've never forgotten their history. Deep into The Sciences, on the aptly titled “Giza Butler,” the trio construct a grimy, fabulist monument to Black Sabbath—the original heavy-metal weedians—crafted in their bluesy likeness. “The rifftree is risen, the bong is to live in,” Cisneros proclaims over his bandmates' din, a red-eyed pastor preaching in between joint puffs, “An ounce a day lightens the way/Salutations to the cultivators.” Salutations, indeed: with The Sciences, Sleep have given stoner-metal acolytes a bonafide miracle.
